THE

i&tatute# at Ilarje,

Anno quarto G E o R G11 III. Regis,

Being the T HIR D Seffion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

b y

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, E%

Digitized by v^ooQle

Statutes at £arge,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

VOL. XXVI.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq; Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Prated by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofe-Keys, oppofite St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRiriLEGlO.

. Digitized by

*vty



'	^	3

Digitized by v^-ooQle

A

GENERAL BOOKBINDING CO.

80	S3

123ST	004 7 S	—2274

QUALITY CONTROL MARK

T A B. L E

Containing the .TiTlEs of all the

STAT U T ES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

PaiTed Anno quarto

GE O R G I I III.	.

Being the Third Selfion of the Twelfth Parliament o£ Great Britain.

PVBL1CR ACTS.

AN ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum* cyder, and perry, for the fervice of theyearone thoufand feven hundred and fixtv four.

IT. An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.

III.	Art aft for puniftiing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

IV.	An ad for exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament, for naturalizing his highnefs the hereditary prince of Brunfwick Lunenburg.

V.	An ad for naturalizing his highnefs Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunfwick Lunenburg.

Vl.	An ad to continue, for a limited time, the free importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe, from Ireland.

VII.	An ad to explain and amend fuch part of an ad made in the Iaft feflion of parliament, (intituled, An at1 for granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry, and for raifwg the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by ivay of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the faid duties) as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom.

Vol. XXVI.	a	VIII. An

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

VIII.	An aft for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

IX.	An aft for repealing the duties now payable upon bever (kins imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain duties upon the exportation of bever ikins and bever wool; and for taking off the drawback allowed on the exportation of fuch ikins..

X.	An aft for the more cafy difeharge of recognizances e-(treated into his Majefty’s court of Exchequer.

XI.	An aft for continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to Britijb fajl cloth, and to the duties, payable on foreign fail cloth, and to the allowance upon the exportation of Britijb made gunpowder, and for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval (lores from the Britijb colonies in America.

XII.	An aft to continue feveral laws for the better regulating of pilots for the condufting of (hips and veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ifle ofThanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway ; relating to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijb fugar plantations before the duties, of excife are paid thereon ; and to the further pupilhment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife ; and to the relief of the officers of the cuitoms in informations upon feizures; and for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufafture of any of his Majefty's fugarxolonies, direftly into foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for puniftiing perfons who lhall damage or deftroy any banks, flood-gates, flukes* er other works, belonging to the rivers and dreams made navigable by aft of parliament.

XIII.	An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, for the fervke of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four *; and for preventing, in certain cafes, the obtaining of allowances in refoeft of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom $ and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lofl, burnt, or otherwife de-ftroyed.

XIV.	An aft for’the better regulating of buildings; and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

XV.	An aft for granting certain duties in the Britijb colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an aft pafled in the fixth year of the reign of

*his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An at1 for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majejlfs fugar colonies in America^; for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid aft, towards defraying the expences of defending, protefting, and fecuring, the laid colonies and plantations ; for explaining an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An atJ for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland 2	trades%

A T ABLE of the ST ATUSES.

trades, endfor the better fairing the plantation trade) ; and for pl^criqg and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this Vingdan* and more effeftually preventing the dandeftine con-yepace of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, auJ improving and fccuring the trade between the fame and Crist Britain.

XVI.	An aft to enable infants who are feifed of lands, tene-joents, or hereditaments, within the duchy of Lancajler, or the counties palatjne of Cbejler, Lancajler, or Durham, or the principality of Wales, in fee, or for the life or lives of one or more pther perfon or perfons, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to puke conveyances of fuch eftates by order of the court of the duchy chamber pf Lancafler, of the court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Chejler, ^he court of chancery of the county palatine of Lancafler, of the court of chancery of the county palatine of Durham \ and of the courts of the great feflions in the principality of Wales.

XVII.	An.aft to explain and amend an aft parted in the fe*-cond year of the reign of his prefent lyiajefly, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reeptfe into one aft of parliament, the feveral fours now in being9 relating to the raifmg and framing the militia w\thin that part qf Great Britain called England.

XVIII.	An aft for charging on the finking fund certain annuities granted by an aft parted in the firft year of the reign of his prefpnt Majefty ; and for carrying the duties therein mentioned, to the laid fund; and alfo for confolidatmg fuch pf the laid annuities as arp granted for a certain term of years, irredeemable, with other annuities granted by an aft parted in the fecond year of his prpfent Majefty’s reign.

XIX.	An aft for importing fait from Europe into theprovinqe of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

jQf. An aft for verting the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in tjie company ot merchants trading to Afritq.

XXI.	An aft. for taking and (wearing affidavits to be made ufc of in any of the courts of the county palatine of Durham.

XXII.	An aft, for continuing feveral aftsof parliament made for the encouragppient of the whale fiflhery carried on by his Majefty’s fubjefts.

XXIII.	An aft fpr railing a certain fum of money by loans Or Exchequer bills $ and for applying certain monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fe-ven hundred and fixty fqur; and for application of certain fav-Ings of publick monies, and of monies arifen by the fale of military ftores; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert in indentures, or other writings the full fum agreed tp be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other fer-vants.

XXIV.	An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of portage.

a 2	XXV.	An

Digitized by 30Qle

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

XXV.	An ad for eftabliftiing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for railing certain fums of money towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred andlixty four; and for more effedually preventing the forging powers to transfer fuch dock, or receive fuch dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perfonating the owners thereof.

XXVI.	An ad for granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp, and rough and undrefled flax, from his Majefty’s colonies in America.

XXVII.	An ad for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to tarry rice from his Majefty’s provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, diredly to any part of America to the fouthward of the faid provinces, fubjed to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the faid colonies, to places in Europe fituate to the fouthward of Cape Finifterre.

XXVIII.	An ad to enable, his Majefty, with the advice of his privy council, to order the importation of provifions from Ireland, during the next recefs of parliament, under certain re-ftridions and regulations therein mentioned.

XXIX.	An ad for the encouragement of the whale fiftiery in the gulph and river of Saint Lawrence, and on the coafls of his Majefty’s colonies in America.

XXX.	An ad for applying the money granted in this feffion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-ing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.

' XXXI. An ad to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfdves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of die militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admifiions have been omitted to be ftamped according to the feveral ads of parliament now in force for that purpofe, or, having been flamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allows ing them time to provide admiflions duly ftamped; and to prevent the deftrudion of trees and underwoods growing in forefts and chafes.

XXXII.	An ad to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper fecurities, a further fum of money, not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common and general ca(h in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; and for applying the intereft arifing therefrom, towards anfwering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the faid court.

XXXIII.	. An ad for preventing inconveniencies arifing in cafes of merchants, and fuch other perfons as are within the de-

feription

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcriptioQ of the ftatutes relating to bankrupts, being intitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming infolvent.

XX33V. An aft to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter

to be iflued in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in

Juried, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of

nioey; and to prevent the legal tender of fuch bills as are now iMfting, from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling m and finking the fame.

XXXV.	An aft for making compenfation to the proprietors of fuch lands and hereditaments as have been purchafed upon die fea coafts in the counties of Kent, Suffix, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been erefted for defence of the tad coafts, in purfuance of an alt palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

XXXVI.	An aft to continue an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts,; and for extending the laws, relating to hackney coaches, to the counties of Kent and EJffix.

XXXVII.	An aft for the better eftablifhing a manufactory of cambricks and lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known under thofe denominations, now carrying on at Winchelfea, in the county of Suffix; and for improving, regulating, and extending the manufacture of cambricks and fawns, or goods of the kind ufually known under thofe denominations, in that part of Great Britain called England.

XXXVIII.	An aft for allowing further time for inrollments of deeds and wills made by papift?; and for relief of proteftant purchafers.

XXXIX.	An aft to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two feveral afts of parliament, made in the fecond and third years of his prefent Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weflminfler, and other places therein mentioned, and for preventing annoyances therein $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

XL. An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmalj debts within the borough and foke of Doncafer, in the county of York; and for lighting the ftreets, lanes, and other open pafiages and places, within the faid borough.

XLI. An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts in the town and parifh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Weffmorland.

XL1L An aft for repairing and widening the road from Shil-Sngford, in the county of Oxford\ through Wallingford and Pang-borne, to Reading, in the county of Berks; and for building a bridge over the river Thames, at or near Shillingjord	.

XLin. An aft for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parifh of Saint John at	,in the coun-

»3	*y

I

Digitized by t^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ty of Middlefex; and for lighting the faid paritb, and ertabliflv* ing a regular nightly watch therein.

XLIv. An a<5t for repairing and widening the roads from Horjham, in the county of Sujex, through the parifhes of Ship-ley, Weft Grinjled, AJburfl, Steyning, Bramber, and Breeding, ir\ the faid county.

XLV. An a<5t to amend and render more effc&ual feveral adls of parliament, for repairing the roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxto and Chappel in the Frith, in the county of Derby x through the town of Stockport, in the county 6f Chejltr, to Man-ehefler, in the county of Lancajler, and other roads in the laid aas mentioned, and for turning and diverting the roads froir^ Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Friths and to Sparrow Pit Gate% ind from Whaley Bridge, to the weftern end of Longjide Common% in the county of Chejler.

XLVI. An a& to continue an a<5t paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for conti-nuingan a<ft, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late ma-jcfty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer, that Jball be vended or fold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and preferving the harbour, and repairing the town houfe, and building a fchool, and other publick buildings, there \ and for fupplytng the faid town with frefb'water.

XLVII. An act for repairing and widening the roads, froin the end of Stanbridge Lane, near a barn in the parifh of Romfeyx to the turnpike road at Middle Wallop, and from the turnpike road between StanbridgeLane aforefaid, and Great Bridge, to the turnpike road at Stockbridge, and from the garden of Henry Hat-tat, at Awbridge, to the garden wall of Denys RoUe, efquire, at Eajl Tuderley, and from Lockerley Mill Stream, tq Eajl Dean Gate% and from the faid garden wall to the turnpike road leading from Stockbridge aforefaid, in the county of Southampton, to SahfluryT

XL VIII. An a6t for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from Calington in the county of Cornwall

XLIX. An adt to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchafe houfes and grouyd for opening 3 paffage for carriages, from Cornhill to the bank, and making more commbdious feveral pther paffages leading thereto\ ana for enlarging the buildings of the faid bank, and making the fame more commodious.

L. An adt for the relief of the bond and other creditors of the wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of thq city of London.

Li. An adt for continuing and enlarging the term and power* of an adt, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late maiefty King George the Second, intituled. An aftfor repairing and widening the road from the wef end of the town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the faid towny to the foutb end of the town of Eft rby, in the county of Derby.

L1I. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LH. An adt for repairing and widening the road from

in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Gate-forih, Anfion, ^fton, Handfworthy and Damally to the north eaft end of Attercliffe, in the county of York, where the fame joins tht turnpike road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

LU1. An ad for repairing and widening the roads from the High Bridge in Spaldingy to a certain place called Tydd Goaty in the county of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's, to Sutton Wajb, in the faid county.

LIV. An ad for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad, pafTed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for making, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads in the feveral parijhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, and Lewifham, in the county of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane, and for lighting and watching the faid roads.

LV. An ad for eftablifhing a regular and nightly watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parifh of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of fVefiminfier, and county of Middlefex.

LvL An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor in die hundred of Bfything, in the county of Suffolk.

LVII. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the county of

II.	An ad to amend and render more effedual an ad pafled in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Colnies and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk.

LIX. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundred of Samford, in the county of Suffolk.

LX. An ad for the more effedual relief and employment of the poor, within the city of Gloucefier, and for lighting the ftreets of the faid city.

LXI. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and feveral other roads therein mentioned.

LXII. An ad for continuing the terms of, and amending, the ads for repairing feveral roads leading from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford; and for widening and amending the road through the parifh of Bromejberrow, in the county of Gloucefier, and through Corfe Lawn, till it meets the road from Gloucefier to JVorcefier.

LXIII. An ad for amending and widening the road from a

place near the village of Milford, through Hafiemere, to the Portfmoutb road, between Lippock and Rake, in the feveral counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Southampton.

LXIV. An ad for amending and widening the road from Tinfiey in the county of York, to the town of Doncafier in the laid county.

LXV. An



Digitized by booQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXV. An ad for amending and widening the road from the fouth end of the town of Rotherham in the county of York, to the prefent turnpike road, near Pleajley, in the county of Derby , and alfo the road from the north end of the faid town of Rotherham, into the prefent turnpike road on the eaft fide of Tanker-fey Park, in the faid county of York.

LX VI. An ad to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an ad pafled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road between the town of Kindlon upon Hull, and the town of Beverley, in the eaft riding of the county of York \ and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge, to the weft end of the town of Cottingham, in the faid riding.

LXVII. An ad for repairing, widening, and keeping in re*-pair, the high roads leading from Alfreton in the county of Derby, through Carters Lane, to a certain place in the town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the dU vifion of the liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the town of Sutton in AJhfield, to the Mansfield and Newark turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the foreft or Sherwood, in the county of Nottingham.

LXVIII. Art ad for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an ad made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the county of Lancafter.

LXIX. An ad for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Baxter Gate, in the town of Whitby, to the fouth end of Lockton Lane, in the parifh of Middleton, in the county of York.

LXX. An ad for enlarging the term and powers of two ads of the twelfth of King George the Firft, and of the third of his late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads therein mentioned, if* the county of Salop; and alfo for amending and widening the road, from the fign of the Horfe Shoe, in Vckington, to Longnor Green; and alfo from the weft end of Hatcham Bridge, to the Crofs Houfes upon the Bridgenorth turnpike road, in the laid county,

LXXI. An ad for extending the provifions of an ad, patted jn the twenty fifth year of his late Majefty, for repairing the roads from the north end of Mailing Street, near Lewes, and other roads in Sujfex, to the road leading from the north end of Ojfbam, to the Spital Barn in Lewes aforefaid,

LXXII. An ad for continuing one moiety of the duties, granted by an ad of the eleventh and twelftn year of King fVilliam the Third, for the repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by feveral other ads, continued till the twelfth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and for applying the fame to compleating and keeping in repair the harbour of Rye, in the county of Sujfex, and for more effedually compleating and keeping in repair the faid harbour.

LXXIII. An ad for paving, repairing, and cfeanfing, the

ilreetSj

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ftreets, lanes, alleys, and publick paflages, within the town of Whitby, in the county of York 5 and for preventing incroachments and annoyances therein; and for regulating the carriages, cart-men, and porters there.

ZJfXJV. An ad for amending and fupplying the deficiencies cf an ad palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent aajefty King Gorge the Third, intituled. An aft to amend and reader more ejjfeftual, feveral afts made for cleanfmg and enlightning the fireets of the town of Kingfton upon Hull, and for preventing anoyances therein.

LXXV. An aft for fupplving the borough and town of IVt* gen, in the county of Lantajter, with firefh and wholfome water.

LXXVI. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Rexby Bridge, in the jpoupty of fork.

LXXVII. An ad for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an a# made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road leading from Piper’s Inn, in the parijh of Afhcott, in the county of Somerfet, to and through Glaftonbury and Wells to the White Poll, in the great wejlem road, to the city of Bath, and from Wells to Rufh Hill, leading to the city of Briftol; and for repairing and widening federal other roads leading from the city of Wells.

LXXvIII. An ad for explaining and amending an ad made io the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the county of Kent; and alfo for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Cowgate and Arch cliffe Fort, in Dover9 through FoUfone, to the town of Hythe, in the faid county.

LXXIX. An ad to enlarge the term and powers of fo much of an ad of the twenty ninth year pf the rpigp of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein deferibed, leading from the town of Tewksbury, in the county of Gloucejler, as relates to the firft diftrid of roads therein mentioned; and for amending the road from Comb Hilly to a bridge near Norton MiUy m the county of Gloucejler, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the turnpike road which leads from Upton on Severn to PerJbore% in the countv of Worcejler.

LXXX. An ad for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in Donington, and from the tenth mile (tone, iq the parifh of Gofbertowny to the eighth mile ftone, in the parifh of Wigtofty in the county of Lincoln.

LXXXI. An ad for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the Bucks-Head at Watling Street, to Beckbury, and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Pojl, in the parifh of Kemberton, in the county of Salop.

LXXXII. An ad for widening and repairing the road lead- ' ing from AJhbomey in the county of Detbyy over Belpar Bridge, to the prefent turnpike road from Sheffield and Chjlerfield to Derby, at or near a place called Openwood Gatey and from Belpar Bridge to Ripleyy in tftf county pf Derby.

LXXXIII. An

Digitized by

A TABLE of the St ATUTES.

LXXXltl. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Bramcott Odd Houfe, in the county of Nottingham, to the Croft Toft upon Smalley Common, in the bounty of Derby, and front Ilkejlon to the towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the faid county of Derby, and from TrowelI, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham.

LXXXIV. An aft for repairing and widening the roads front Melton Mowbray, in the county o? Leicejler, to the Guide Pojl irf Saint Margaret's Field, Leicejler, and from the town of Leicejler,■ to the town of Lutterworth, in the faid county, and other roads therein mentioned.

LXXXV. An aft for repairing and widening the road front Scots Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, by or through the villages of Langholm and Hawick to Hpremofs* in the county of Roxburgh.

LXXXVI. An aft to amend and render more effedual tw<* feveral ads pafled in the twenty fourth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh* and from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queens ferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

LaXXVII. An ad for repairing feveral rbads leading front the town of Bideford, in the county of Devon.

LXXXVIII. An ad for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the town of Cardiff, and feveral other towns and places in the county of Glamorgan.

LXXXIX. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in tht county of Suffolk.

XC. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the county of Nor± folk.

XCI. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Wangford, in the county of Suffolk.

XCII. An ad for the better paving of the ftreets and lanes, and for preventing nuifanCes and other annoyances, in that part ©f the parifh of Portfea, in the county of Southampton, commonly called Portfmoutb Common.

XCIII. An ad for the better fupplying the town of Knaref-borough, and that part of the townfhip of Scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the faid town, with water.

. p r i v a <r e a c <r s.

AN ad for naturalizing Govert Caffau.

, 2. An ad for naturalizing Andrew Solinus.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Hafenclever, Johann Petelr Rucker, John Francis Blache, Andrew Vezian, James Charles Granges, and Jacob Muller.

4.	An ad for naturalizing fFWiam Dunant, John Chrijlian Schrieber, Jonas Dael, and Charles Henry ThaMtzcr.

5.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields*

common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcomtnon meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Hidixgton, in the county of Lincoln.

6.	An a & for dividing and inclofing the open and common field*, common meadows, common grounds, heath grounds, lanes, and wade ground, within Guilfborough, Coton, and Nor** in the county of Northampton.	*

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields and grounds, in the manor and parifh of Stainton in the Hole, in the county of Lincoln.

8.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields', common and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Scarby, in the county of Lincoln.

9.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and Common fields, and commons, or Wafte grounds, in the paHfh of Chil-Vtr*s Ccton, in the county of Warwick,

10.	An ad for inclofing and dividing fo much of the ftiObrdr Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Clares, Mattijhall Tuddenham, on the part of North Ttiddenbam, and BciUhoufe Hall, add in the paHfh 6f North Tuddenham, in the county of Norfolk, and certain other commons and waftes within the laid manors and parifh.

11.	An a<5l for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and common fen, in the parifh of Horbling, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the raid fen.

1	z. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, and com-Inonable places, of and in Billefdcn, in the county of Leicefier,

^ 13. An a<5t for eftablifhihg and confirming the inclofure and divilion of certain lands in Sudcoates, in the parifh of Drypool, in the county of Tori, and for other purpofes.

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral common and open fields and meadows, in the parifh of Saint Margaret, near the borough of Leicefier, in the county of Leicefier.

15.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Wartnuby, in the county of Leicefier, and all the lands )uid grounds within the fame fields.

16.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and Commoh

fields, meadows, and paftures of North Gave, in the eaft riding of the county of Torkf	0

17.	An ad for confirming articles of agreement for inclofing Shd dividing feveral open fields, and feveral pieces or parcels of arable, meadow, and pafture ground, within the townfhip of Skipfca, in the county of Tori,

18.	An ad for dividing arid inclofing the open krfd common fields and grounds in the townfhip and parifh of Skewing in floldernefs, in the sounty of York.

iy. An ad for extinguiffiing the right of common, in, over, and upon, certain commonable lands and grounds, within thfe manor and parifh of Bromley, in the county of Kent.,

20* An ad for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the counties of Stafford znd Salop, or one ofthem, from payment of tythes, and pther ecclefiaflical dues, and for fettling other tythes in lieu thereof.

21.	An

Digitized by

Google

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

21.	An aft for draining certain fen lands and wet grounds* in the parilh of Helgay, in the county of Norfolk.

22.	An aft for draining and prefervine certain marfh lands and low grounds, within the townftiip of Thorngumbald, in the county ot York.

23.	An aft for eltablifhing and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement therein mentioned, for a divifion of certain real eftates in the county of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, baronet, deceafed, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An aft for empowering the committee or committees, for the time being, of the eftate of John Newport efquire, a lu-natick, to make leafes of his eftates during his lunacy.

25.	An aft for carrying into execution, an agreement between the governors and guardians of thehofpitai for the maintenance and education of expofed anddeferted young children, and Robert Nedham efquire, deceafed, relating to an eftate in the ifland of Jamaica, devifed by the will of Henry Nedham efquire, deceafed.

26.	An aft for annexing the reftory of Eqft Lockinge, in the county of Beris9 to the office of warden of the college of the Souls of all Faithful People deceafed, of Oxford.

27.	An aft for fale of the freehold and leafehold eftates of John Tregenna clerk, deceafed, in the county of Cornwall, given and devifed by his will, in truft for his children, and for paying and applying the money to arife by fuch fales, in manner therein mentioned.

28.	An aft to enable the vicar of the parilh of Rochdale, in the county of Lancajler, to grant a leafe or leafes of the glebe lands belonging to the (aid vicarage.

29.	An aft to enable the reftor of the parilh and parilh church pf Bury, in the county of Lancajler, for the time being, to grant leafes, of the glebe belonging to the faid reftory.

30.	An aft for making the exempliffcation of the will of Thomas King efquirp, deceafed, evidence in all courts of law and equity, in Great Britain and Ireland.

31.	An aft to enable Richard Symons, an infant, (lately called Richard Peers) and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the firname pf Symons, purfuai# to the will of Richard Symons efqqire, deceafed.

32.	An aft for naturalizing William Dingman and JohnReinckt,

33.	An aft for naturalizing 3^# MarteiWe of London, merchant,

34.	An aft for naturalizing Egbert Noemen.

35.	An aft for dividing and inftofing the common and open fields, ai>d commonable places of Shamford, in the county of feicejler.

30. An aft for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, commoq paftqres, common meadows, and other com-fnonablelands and grounds, in IPbet/lonc^n thecounty of Leicefer.

37. An aft for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common meadows, lammas grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds ii> the parilh of potherby, in the county of Lincolnf

38. An

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

3$. An ad for dividing and inclofihg the open fields, and commonable places in the parifh of Stony Stanton, in the county of Ltkefltr, and the lands, meadows, and commonable places, in tbeJordfhip of Potters Marjion,• in the faid county, belonging to and ufed with the faid fields of Stoney Stanton.

An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fkMs and pafture ground, in the lordfhip of Aldborougb, in Mdieniffij in the county of York.

40.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral open and common fields, and ings, within the townfhip and parifh of Hmghtm in the Marjh, otherwife Holton in the Clay, in the county of Lincoln.

41.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, lying, in the manor and parifh of Stoke Albany, in the county of Northampton.

42.	An ad for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the manor and parifh of Newnham, in the county of Northampton.

43.	An ad for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the manor and parifh of Everdony otherwife Great Everdon and Little Everion, in the county of Northampton.

44* An ad for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Ledger's AJbby, in the county of Northampton.

45.	An ad for dividing and incloting a certain moor or common, in the townfhip of Crook and BiUyrow, within the parifh of Brancepeth, in the county of Durham.

46.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields of Atberfione, in the county of Warwick, and all the lands, meadows, and grounds, within the fame.

47.	An ad for draining, preferving, and improving, the low grounds, and carrs, lying and being in the parifhes, townfhips, hamlets, lordfhips, precinds, and territories of Suttony Gainjlead9 Swine, Bemingbolmey Benningbolme Grange, and Fairholmey North Skirlaugh, Rowtony Arnold, Long-Rijlon, Leveny Heigbolmey and HaUytree-Holmey Brandes-Burtony and Burfally Efiey. Ticktony Weely Routhy Meauxy and Wagheny otherwife Wawny in Holder-nefsy in the eaft riding of the county of York.

48.	Anad to impower the right honourable John lord vifeount Spencer, to make leafes of the manor of Batterfea and Wandfwqrth and of lands and grounds in Batterfea and Wandfwortby in the county of Surrey, purchafed in pursuance of the will of the moil noble Sarah late dutchcfs dowager of Marlboroughy in order for building upon and improving the fame.

49.	An ad for confirming a partition of feveral eftates, late of Thomas Horton ^ in the counties of Wilts and Glouce/lery between William Blancby %hn Robertsy Richard Breretony and others, and for veiling and fettling the premifles to the feveral ufes therein mentioned.

50. An

Digitized by Google

A TABLE <f the, StATtTf ES.

‘ 50. An aft for verting the eftate late pf Edmund Hungate Ifrdg-han, e (quire, deceafed, in the counties of Kent and Sujfex,\tk truftees, in truft, to fell apd convey the fame to Edward Louifa Mann eiyuiic, or as he (hall; appoint, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe, and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale, for the benefit of\George Edmund Beaghan, his only (on and heir, an infant.

51* An aft for verting divers raeffuages and hereditaments h\ the city of London, the fettled eftateof Elizabeth Bretts wife of Charles Brett efquire, in the faid Charles Brett, and his heirs* difcharged from the ufes of bis marriage fettjement, and for fettling another teftate, in the county of Middlefex, of greater va-r lue, in lieu thereof, to the ufes limited of the (aid fettled eftatc.

52. An aft for difcharging the ufes and trurts of certain nors, lands, and hereditaments, in the cqunty of Norfolk, fettled upon, and for the benefit of, William Wiggett BuUwer, and Afory his wife, and their iffue, and for fubftituting and fettling otonr ertates and hereditaments, in the feme county, of greater value* in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

53^ An aft for verting two (hares in Ranelagb Hcufe, gardens, and premifles, late the eftateof James Debase,deceafed, in John Ferrett and Robert Edmejlon, ana their heirs, in truft, to feli'ihe feme, and apply the money .arifing fronvfuch fale, to the feveral charitable purpofes, as is direfted by the will of the faid Jams Delauntk

54* An aft for verting the fettled eftate of William Young efquire, in the county of Wilts, in truftees, to be fold, and fof laying out the money arifing thereby, together with other money of the feid William Young, in the purchafeof other hereditaments, of greater value, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

55.	An aft to enable John Pollard efquire (lately called John Carter) and his heirs male, totakeand ufe the furname and arms, of Pollard, purfuant to the will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceafed^

56.	An aft for naturalizing James Nahou de Bervillee, Johann Jacob Vckermann, and John Haufer.

57.	An aft for naturalizing James Alric.

58.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the Open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, heath and wafte ground in the manor and parifhof Wejl Hadden in the county of Northampton.

59.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a wafte ground, called The Marjb, in the townlhip of Newport, in the cpunty of Salop * and applying the produce thereof to the feveral purpofes therein mentioned.

60.	An aft to enable Lucy Knightley efquire, to inclofe feveral open and common fields, in the parifti of Haverjham, in the county of Bucks; and for verting certain glebe lands, and the tythes belonging to the reftory of Haverjham, aforefaid, in the faid Lucy Knightley, and his heirs, and for making a compenfa* tion to the reftor of the faid parifti in lieu thereof.

61.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds,

<	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and commonable lands, within the manor, parilh, and liberties of Wejiktry, in the county of Buckingham.

* 62. An a£t for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, and common paftures, in the parilh of Nethe? Bmghtony in the county of Leicejler.

<3. An a6l for dividing and mdofing a moor, or common* oScd Staindrop Moor, within the townmip of Staindrop, in the amnty of Durham.	J

64.	An ad fot dividing and incloling the open and common fields, in the parifh of Great Wigfion, in the county of Leicejler*

65.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open "and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Hujbands Bofwortb, other*-wife Borefworth, in the county of Leicejler.

66.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common or wafte grounds within the manor of Wombwell, in the county of York,

67.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, common meadows, common paftures, comirion grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the townlhip, hamlets, and liberties of Warbworth, in the county of Northampton.

68.	An ad for veiling divers manors, lands, and heredita*-ments, in the counties of Bedford,Dorfet, and L'ancafter, comprized in the marriage fettlement of John earl of AJhbumham, in him the faid earl, in fee Ample, difeharged of the ufesand trufts of that fettlement, and for fubftituting and fettling other lands and hereditaments, in the dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like ufes.

69.	An ad to impower the guardians of George earl of Eg?** tnont, an infant, to enfranchife certain cuftomary lands and hereditaments, in the county of Cumberland, part of the fettled e-ftates of the earl; and alfo to impower the guardians of the faid carl, and his infant brothers, to make leafes of part of the faid eftate, in the county of Cumberland, and to make leafes and copy* bold grants of the leveral eftates limited and devifed to them re-fpedively by Charles earl of Egrcmont their late father, deceafed, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

70.	An ad for veiling lands and hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland, part of the cflate of James earl of Barymore, in truftecs, for railing money towards paying and difeharging the debts and incumbrances affeding his real eftates.

71.	An ad for fettling the eftate of Henrietta Rofa Ptregrina *Tnvnfend, wife of James Toibnfend, efquire, according to certain articles of agreement executed before her intermarriage with the faid James Townfend, but fubjed to the charges and incumbrances affecting the fame.

72.	An ad for enlarging the charitable ufes, extending the objeds, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the eftates given by Sir William Harpur knight, and dame Alice his wife, tor the benefit of the poor, and other objeds of charity, of the town of Bedford.

73.	An ad to enable the warden and fellows of the college of Chrift, in Manchejler, in the county palatine of Lamajler, for

the

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

the time being, to grant leafes of the glebe lands belonging to the faid college.

74.	An a A to impower the honourable George Lane Parker, to (hut up a road or way now ufed over certain inclofed lands* in the parifti of Gamblingay, in the county of Cambridge, and for extinguilhing all right to a certain toll which he now is intitled to in two lanes* near the faid road or Way, and for obliging him to keep the faid lanes in repair.

75.	An’ act for enlarging the time given to truftees therein named, to execute certain trufts veiled in them, in and by an act of parliament made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of his late JMajefty, intituled, An afi for vefting the remainder in fee of feve-ral lands in Ireland, the efiate of Arthur Plunkett efquire, in trujiees, in order to fell futh lands to protejlant purchasers$ and alfo by another act of parliament made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An alt for giving further time 4o truftees therein named, to execute certain trufts vejled in them, in and by the faid all of parliament made in the faidfixteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty.

76.	An act for diverting out of the crown, the reverfion in fee* of certain lands in Ireland, late the eftate of Matthew Dowdall, a papift, deceafed, expectant upon the death of his three grand* Ions, without iffue male; and for verting the lame in Anthony Ladeveze, of the city of Dublin efquire, a protertant and his heirs.

77.	An act for diverting out of the crown, and to vert in GeT raid Fitzgerald, of Ratborne% in the county of Meath, in the "kingdom of Ireland, efquire, and his heirs, the reverfion in fee of and in leveral lands in Ireland.

78.	An act to enable the mayor and aldermen of the town of Saffron Walden, in the county of Effex, the guardians or truftees of King Edward the Sixth’s alms-houfes there, and other the feoffees thereof, to convey part of the lands, revenues, and pof-feflions, of the faid alms-houfes, to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his heirs, in exchange for other lands of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them, to the ufes, and upon the trufts therein mentioned; and for verting part of the lands of Thomaf Fuller 1 an infant, m Saffron Walden aforefaid, in the faid Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his heirs, in exchange for other lands of greater value, to be conveyed to the faid infant, and his heirs j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

79.	An act for verting certain meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the town and county of Northampton, de* vifed by the will of Edward Bayly, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money, arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the like ufes.

80.	An adl to diffolve the marriage of John Weller efquire, with Charlotte Wilfon, his now wife, and to enable him to many 3gain : and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

81.	An act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmanny and David Godin*

82.	An act for naturalizing Henry Koci.

83.	An act for naturalizing Alexander Jofeph Pc it tier*

&

Digitized by Google

9

A

TABLE

OF THE

statutes

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Paffed Anno quinto

Georgii III.

Being the Fourth Seffion of the Twelfth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

AN adt for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland,, for a limited time.

II.	An adt for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year onethoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

Ill.	An adt for extending the time granted by an adt paffed in the third year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, for allowing his Majefty’s fubjedts to import their goods and effedts, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the fame duties a$ they would have been liable to if the fame places had remained ip his Majefty’s poffeffion.

IV.	An adt to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelvesfor offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

V.	An adt for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty five.

VI.	An adt for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

VII.	An adt for puniftnng mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

VIII.	An adt for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beclen-bam, of Rokejly, otherwife RuxUy, and of Little and Lejfnefa in tfie county of Kent*

Vol. XXVL	IX.	An

Digitized by L,ooQle

/

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

IX.	An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmaH debts within the hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham Northland lordfliip or liberty of Corjbam, in the county of Wilts•

X.	An aft to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

XI.	An aft tor rendering more effeftual an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a A for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or per-fons as /ball difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difcovering the longitude.

XII.	An aft for granting and applying certain (lamp duties, and other dutie$,in die Briti/h colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protefting, and fecuring the famej and for amending fuch parts of the feveral afts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid colonies and plantations, as direft the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

XIII.	An aft for impowering the commifiioners for putting in execution the feveral afts pafied for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the fqbares, Greets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and parts adjacent, to colleft certain tolls oh Sundays, upon the feveral roads therein mentioned, and apply the fame for the purpofes of the faid afts.

XIV.	An aft for the more effeftual prefervation of fifh in fifh ponds and other waters$ and conies in warrensj and for preventing the damage done to fea banks, within the county of Lincoln, by the breeding conies therein.

XV.	An aft forenlaiging the times limited for executing and performing feveral provifions, powers and direftions, in certain afts of this feflion of parliament.

XVI.	An aft for altering the times of payment of certain annuities, eftabliftied by two afts made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the fccond year of tht reign of his prefent Majefty.

X VII. An aft to confirm all leafes already made by archbifhops and bi (hops, and other ecclefiaftical perfons, of ty tries and other incorporeal hereditaments, for one, two, or three life or lives, or twenty one years; and to enable them to grant fuch leafes, and to bring aftions of debt for recovery of rents referred and in arrear on leafes for life or lives.

XVIII.	An aft for continuing an aft, made m the thirty firft year of his late Majefty’s reign, for encouraging the growth land cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England, by afcertainirrg the tythe thereof.

XIX.	An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thowand feven hundred and fixty five.

XX.	An aft for explaining and rendering more effeftual twQ efts, one made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for providing a publick reward for fitih perfon or perfons as /hall difcover the longitude at fea\ and the other in the twenty fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An alt to render more effectual an aft made in the twelfth year

Digitized by L^OOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of her late majejty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for proving a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall dikortr the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of frspofah made for difcovering the longitude and to enlarge the water of cammiffmers for putting in execution the faid aft,

^ XXI. An aft for appointing commiflioners to put in execu-dhn an aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for panting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, to be raifed in Great .Britain ,/Jrr the fervice of the year one thoufandfeven hundred andfixty pWy together with thofe named in two former afts for appointing commiffioners of the land tax; and for indemnifying per-fons who have afted as commiflioners of the land tax, by virtue of eftates of or above a certain value, though the fame were not rated or aflefled at the value of one hundred pounds per annum; and for limiting a time within which fuits and profecu-tions (hall be commenced, with refpeft to the qualifications of perfons who (hall aft as commiflioners of the land tax.

XXII.	An aft for the further encouragement of the Britijb white herring filhery.

XXIII.	An aft for granting annuities, to be attended with a lottery, to fatisfy and difeharge certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills; and for charging the paymeut of fuch annuities on the finking fund.

XXIV/ An aft to oblige agents for prize money to account for fuch fums of money as remain in their hands unclaimed, the property of any of his Majefty’s land forces; and for the application thereof.

XXV.	An aft to alter certain rates of poftage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral provifions in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the port office.

XXVI.	An aft for carrying into execution a contraft made, purfuant to the aft of parliament of the twelfth of his late maje-fty King George the Firft, between the commiflioners of his Majefty*s treafury and the duke and dutchefs of Atholl, the proprietors of the Jfle of Man> and their truftees, for the purchafe of the faid ifland and its dependencies, under certain exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

XXVII.	An aft to provide for the adminiftration of the government, in cafe the crown (hould defeend to any of the children of his Majefty, being under the age of eighteen years; and for the care and guardianfhip of their perfons.

XXVIII.	An aft to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government fecurities, a fum of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; and to apply the intereft arifing therefrom, towards augmenting the income of the matters of the faid court.

XXIX.	An aft for repealing the duties now payable upon raw filk imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof j for allowing a drawback on the exportation of raw or thrown filk to Jreland$2nd for prohibiting the exportation of raw filk from Ireland\

a 2	XXX.

Digitized by

Googl<

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXX.	An alt for more effeltually fupplying the export trad« of this kingdom to Africa, with fuch coarfe printed callicoes, and other goods of the product or manufalture of the Rajl In-dies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain; for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better fup-ply of the export trade thereof; and for difeontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the IJle of Man.

XXXI.	An alt to difeontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon wheat and wheat flour imported; and alfo the bounty payable on the exportation of wheat and wheat flour.

XXXII.	An alt to enable his Majefty, with the advice of his privy council, to prohibit the exportation of wheat, wheaten. meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch, daring the next recefs of parliament, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the ne-ceflity of the time may require, and he, in his wifdom, (hall think convenient and needful.

XXXIII.	An alt to amend and render more effeltual, in his \ Majefty’s dominions in America, an a St pafled in this prefent

feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for punijhing mutiny and ) defer tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

XXXIV.	An alt for applying the money granted in this fef-fion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five ; and for punching militia men for neglelting their duty.

XXXV.	An alt for granting to his Majeftv certain duties on the exportation of coals; and of feveral Eajt India goods ; and upon policies of aflurance for retaining, upon the exportation of white callicoes and muflins, a further part of the duties paid on the importation thereof; and for obviating a doubt with re-fpect to ftainp dutiesjmpofed upon deeds by two former alts.

XXXVI.	An alt to explain, amend, and enforce the feveral laws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

XXXVII.	An alt for laying certain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

XXXVIII.	An alt to continue part of an alt made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to render more effeftual the feveral laws mow in being, for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom ; and for making further provifions for the prelervation of the faid roads.

XXXIX.	An alt for more effeltually preventing the mifehiefs arifing to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ire-land, from the illicit and clandeftine trade to and from the IJle of Man.

XL. An alt for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of mo-6	ney

Digitized by L.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ney out of the finking fund; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hun- * drcd and fixty five; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to fuch prions as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attomiesand folicitors.

XLL An ad for the relief of infolvent debtors.

XLII. An ad for redeeming one fourth part of the joint flock of annuities eftablilhed by an ad made in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, in refped of feveral navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XLUI. An ad for the better fecuring, and further improvement, of the revenues of cuftoms,excife,inland and fait duties; and for encouraging the linen manufadure of thzljleof Man\ and for allowing the importation of feveral goods the produce and manufadure ofthefaid ifiand,under certain reftridions and regulations.

XLIV. An ad for repealing the ad made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for vejling the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and to veft as well the laid forts and its dependencies, as all other the Britijh forts and fettlements upon the coaft of Africa, lying between the. port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, eftate and effeds of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the laid forts, lettlements and their dependencies, in his Majefty; and for fecuring, extending and improving the trade to Africa.

XLV. An ad for more effedually fecuring and encouraging . the trade of hi* Majefty’s American dominions; for repealing the j inland duty on coffee, impofed by an ad made in the thirty fe- ; cond year of his late majefty King George the Second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of . the growth of the Britijh dominions in Amer ica); for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon fugars exported ; for repealing part of an ad made in the twenty third year of his faid late Majefty, whereby bar iron made in the faid dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coaft wife ; and for regulating the fees of officers of the cuitoms rn the faid dominions.

XLVI. An ad for altering the ftamp duties upon admiflions into corporations or companies; and for further fecuring and improving the ftamp duties in Great Britain.

XLVll. An ad for encreafing the fund for payment of the fums of money direded, by an ad made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the falaries of the puifne judges in the court of Ring's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Please the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at TVeJl-minjler, and the juftices of Chefter\ and the great ieflmns for the counties of IVales for the time being; and tor applying certain fums in augmentation of the falaries of the faid judges and ju~ fticcs* and of the judges in the courts of feflion and exchequer in

a 3	Scotland^

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Scotland, for a certain time previous to thfe commencement of the augmentations eftablifhed by the faid ad,

XL VIII. An a d for prohibiting the importation of foreign manufactured (ilk (lockings, (ilk mits and filk gloves into Great Britain, and the Britijb dominions; and for rendering more effectual an aCt paffed in the third year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an aCt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk works.

XLIX. An aCt to prevent the inconveniencies arifing from the prefent method of iffuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies,and bankers,in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* L. An aCt to enlarge the powers of, and to render more effectual the feveral ads paffed in the (econd, third and fourth years of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, for paving, cleaning, lighting and other wife regulating, the fquares, ftreets and o-ther places, within the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and other parts in the faid aCts mentioned j ana for extending the provifi-ons of the faid aCts to the Surry fide of Wejlminjler bridge; and for enlarging the powers of the faid aCts with refpeCt to fquares.

LI. An aCt for repealing feveral laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York\ and alfo (o much of feveral other laws, as prefcribes particular (tandards of Vddth and length of fuch woollen cloths; and for fubftituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the wed riding of the (aid county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for preferving the credit of the faid manufadure at the foreign market.

LII. An aCl for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Wadhurft in the county of Suffix, to the turnpike road at Lamberhurjl Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the county of Kent i and from the top of Pullen's Hill, through the pari(he$ of Horfmonien, Morion, Yalden, and IVeJl Farley, to Wejl Fary ley Street, in the faid county of Kent.

LIII. An aCt for continuing the terms of feveral aCls, and for giving further powers for repairing the road from Chatteris-Ferry 9 to Hammond's Eau and Somerjkam Bridge, and for amending and widening the road from Somerjbam Bridge to the Sheep-Market, in Saint Ives; and alfo the road branching out of the laid road pear Stocks Bridge through Needixgwortby to Earitb9 in the county of Huntingdon.

LI V. An aCt for repairing and widening the road from Dun-bam-Ferry% to the fouth end of Great Markham Cmmon9 m the county of Nottingham.

LV. An aCt to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the -powers, of an ad paffed in the twenty fifth year of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from Wallingford in the county of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farrtngdon9 and alfo from Wantage to Idfon, in the faid county, fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; and for difeontinuing the faid term and powers, fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from Wantage to Ufon %

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for repairing the road leading from the north eaft comer of Nuffidd Common, by the parifh church of Nuffield, otherwife Tiffidl, in the countv ot Oxford, to the commencement of the hid turnpike road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

LVI. An ad for repairing and widening the road leading horn Portbaetbwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesey.

LVII. An ad for continuing the term, and altering and en-Arging the powers of an ad pafled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty, For amending, widening and keeping to repair the roads leaaing from the village of Milford in the county of Surrey, through Petwortb, to the top of Dumkton Hill, and from Petwortb to Stopbam Bridge, in the county of Suffix.

LVIII. An ad for repairing, widening and keeping in repair. Several roads in and near Great Torrington, in the county of Devon.

LIX. An ad for repairing and widening Several roads leading from the quay at Lymfngton, in the county of Southampton.

LX* An ad for continuing and rendering more effedual, two ads pafled in the twelfth year of King George the Firft, and the twentieth of his late Majefty, for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned in the counties of Effiex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening feveral other roads in the counties of Effix and Hertford.

LXI. An ad for repairing,widening and keeping in repair, fevt-ral roads leading to and from Crew kerne, in the county of Somerfet.

LXLL An ad for enlarging the term and powers of two ads of the thirteenth of George the Firft, and of the fixteenth of his late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Warm njler, in the county of Wilts-, and tor amending fe« veral other roads near the faia town ; and for repealing fo much of an ad made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads therein mentioned, in the faid county, as relates to the road within the town of Heytejbury j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

LXIII. An ad for repairing and widening the roads leading from the turnpike road at Kipping's Crofs in the parifh of Brettch-ley, in the county of Kent, through the parifhes of Brencbley, Horfmonfden and Goudhurjl, by the left hand fide of Iden Green, to the turnpike road on Wjl/ley Green, in the parifh of Cranbrookn and from a place near Goudhurjl Gore, through the parifh of Marden, to Stile Bridge in the faid parifh,and from Underden Green, in Marden aforefaid, to Wanjhutt's Green, in the county of Kent.

LXIV. An ad for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road on Hurjl Green, in the county of Suffix, through Euhingham and Burwajh, to the extent of the faid parifh of Burwajb, in the faid county.

LXV. An ad for rebuilding the parifh church of Alhallowson the Wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding the houfe belonging to the redor of the faid parifh ; and for purchafing feveral pieces of ground and tenements thereon, to render the paf-fages to and from the faid church and houfe more commodious.

LXV I. An ad to continue the term, and enlarge the power $, of an ad pafled in the fecund year of the reign of his prefect

a 4	Majefty*

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Mullins * Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile ftone from the city of SaliJhurjy and feveral other roads in the faid aft mentioned; and alfo for repairing and widening feveral other •roads leading out of the laid roads, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

LX VII. An ad for amending the road from thtPinfold in Balby* in the county of York, to Workfopy in the county of Nottingham.

LXVIII. An aft for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road at Wrotham Heathy in the county of Kenty to the turnpike road leading from Cray-don to Godjloniy in the county of Surrey.

LX1X. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the fouth end of Newton Abbott to the paflage way in Kinfwear, op-

f>ofite Clifton Dartmouth Hardnefsy and from the end of a lane eading out of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and TotneSy towards Abbotts KerfweUy to Five Lanes; and from Lang-vers Barn to the faid turnpike road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes j and from Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and Brixham §fuay \ and from Langvers Barn to the north end of Paington town, all in the county of Devon.

LXX. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Keyberry Bridge to the paflage at Sballdon; and from the faid bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkeyy in the county of Devon• LXXI. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidjloney and from Watts Crofs to Cowdeny in the county of Kent.

LXXII. An aft for amending and widening the road from the fign of the Coach and Horfes in Birfioly to the turnpike road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the town of Huddersfield> in the weft riding of the county of York.

LXXIII. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Great Grimjby Haveny at or near a place called the Upper Sand Endy to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Fieldy in the parirti of Irby% in the county of Lincoln.

LXXI V. An aft for enlarging the powers of feveral afts for repairing the road from Stump Crofs to Newmarket Heath and the town of Cambridgey and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other roads adjoining thereto, fofar as the fame relate to the road from Foulmire to Cambridgey and the faid other roads adjoining thereto.

LXX V. An aft for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late majefty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Dor-fet and Devony as relates to the road from Penn Inn9 in the county of Dorfety to the work-houfe at the eaft end of the town of Honitony in the county of Devony and to the road from the in-trenchment on Afkerwell Hill to Penn Inny and from Bridport to Beamifier; and for repairing and amending feveral other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Dorfet and Devon.

LXXVI. An aft for repairing, widening and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from Kidwelly y in the county of Carmarthen ; and alfo feveral roads leading fromi^wtf/^in the faid county.

LXXVU. Ai>

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXXVIL An ad for enlarging the terms and powers of fe-veral ads of the ninth and twelfth years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the Ftrft, and of the fourteenth of his hie Majefty, for repairing the highways leading from Royfion, in the county of Hertford, to Wan ford Bridge, in the county of ttriingdotiy lo far as relates to the middle and fouth divifions of tfcroad comprized in the faid ads; and for amending the road frotn the town of Huntingdon to the caufeway at or near the weft end of the town of Somer/ham, in the faid countyof Huntingdon.

LXXVIIL An ad for repairing, widening and keeping in repair, the road from Welford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, through Hujbantfs Bojwortb and Great Wigjlon, to Mil-fion Lane, in the town of Leicejler.

LXXIX. An ad to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an ad palled in the third year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, widening, turning and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham ; and for building a bridge crofs the river Ouze9 at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, in the county of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making feveral o-ther roads, adjoining to the roads direded to be repaired and widened by the faid ad.

LXXX. An ad for continuing the terms of feveral ads, and for giving further powers for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Kll, in the county of Gloucejler.

LXXXI. An ad for cleaning and lighting the ftreets, lanes, and pafTages, within the towns of Manchefier and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancafier; and for providing fire engines and fire-men; and for preventing annoyances within the faid towns.

LXXXII. An ad to enlarge certain powers granted by an ad palled in the twenty fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramfgate, and for cleanfing, amending and preferring the haven of Sandwich.

LXXXIII. An ad for amending the road from Chatterrit Ferry, through Chatterrit and Marjb, to Wijbech Saint Peters; and from thence to Tid Gote in the IJle of Ely; and from Wif-bech aforefaid, through Outwell> to Downham Bridge in the county of Norfolk; and for repealing the feveral ads for repairing the faid road between JViJhech and March.

LXXXIV. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Newcajlle under Line to Hajfop \ and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield turnpike road, ntzr Buxton; and allb the road branching out of the faid firft mentioned road at Cobridge, to Burficm; and to the JJttoxeter turnpike at Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

LXXXV. An ad for repairing and widening the roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the north end of the lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from Wejl RaiJ'm to Pilford Bridge ; and from the great road near Bijhop Bridge to Bijhop Norton Common; and from the hamlet of Morton to

Epworth;

Digitized by

A fABL E of the STATUTES.

Epvoertb; 2nd from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

LXXXVI. An a<5t for enlarging the term and powers of an a£t made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty for repairing the high road from the town of Sbrewfbury through Crejfage, HarUy% Much Wenlock, by Muckley Crofsy and through Morville, to Bridgenortb% in the county of Salop; and for amending feveral other roads near or adjoining thereto.

LXXXV1I. An act to amend feveral acts pafled in the fourth and fixth years of King George the Fii ft, and in the eleventh and twenty fourth years of King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermona-fey Street, Southwark, to Dartfordy and to the extent of the pari fh of LewiJbamj next Bromley and Beckenhamy in the county of Kent; and for extending the faid afts to the repair of the roads leading from the end of the prefent turnpike to the weft end of Stroud Greeny and to Farnborough Welly and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the north end of Burnt Afh Laney jn the parish of Lcey and from the weft end of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warten \ and for making an allowance out of the tolls ariiing. by the faid acts to the truftees for putting in execution an act of the twenty fecond year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the eajl end of New Street, in the parijh of Saint John, Southwark* to and through the feveral placet therein mentioned j and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future.

LXXXV1IJ. An aft for repairing and widening the road froift Barton Waterfidehoufe% to Ri/eham Hedge Corner, and feveral o-ther roads in the county of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

LXXXIX. An aft for the building a bridge over the river Tay% at or near the town of Perth, in the county of Perth.

XC. An aft for repairing and widening the road from the Alfreton turnpike road, near a place called Little RobbinSy in the parifh of Mansfieldy in the county of Nottinghamy through Woolley Moory to the Nottingham turnpike road, near Tanfeyy in the county of Derbyy and from Woolley Moory to the Cheflerfield turnpike road at Kel/lidgey in the county of Derby.

XCI. An aft for veiling certain glebe lands, belonging to the reftory of the parifli church of Saint Chriflophery in the city of Londony in the governor and company of the bank of England> and for making a recompence to the reftor of the faid parifh, and his fqcceflors, in lieu thereof; and for obviating certain doubts in an aft pafled in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty, for widening certain ftreets, lanes and paflages, within the city of London.

XCII. An aft for explaining and amending, and likewife for enlarging the term and powers granted by a certain aft of par-. liament, pafled in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late tnajefty King George the Second intituled yAnaflfor amending feveral roads leading from the town ofT aunton, in the county 0/Somerfet.

XL’III. An aft for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the port town and borough

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tough of	Afttuhead, through Dunand Timberfc»mity to Htlt

*	Bridgt,and	through the town of Dnlverton, and by the river

and Srejbford Green to Exbridge, in the county of Somerfet, and froaa thence to Batham Bridge, in the town of in the comfy of Devon; and alio the road leading from the laid port torn and borough of Minehead, through	and

Mr to Harrow Gate, in the pariih of	in	the	county

olSemerfet; and aifo the road leading from Cor bampton aforefaid, though the town of Watchet, in the pariih of Saint mthe county of Somerfet, to or near the village of	and

by Long	Crofs Barn,to the end of the Bridgewater turnpike road,'

in the town of Nether Stowey,in the county of and alfb from the faid town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the village ef	Williten,in the pariih of Saint Decumans, and from the laid

town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells to Fair Oofs, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendan Hill, to Rebery Lane, and to Bampton, in the faid county of Devon.

XCTV. An ad for repairing the church of the united parifhct of All Saints and Saint John, in the town of Hertford.

XCV. An ad for repairing and widening the road, leading from a ftreet called The Hundred, at Pomfey, through Cbilworth, to the river at Swatbling, in the county of Southampton, and for connecting the fame with the road leading from the city of Win-cbefter, through HurJUy, to Chandler's Ford; and from afore fa id, to the turnpike road at Romfey aforefaid j and alio for reputing and widening the road leading from the river at Swatbling aforefaid, through Bothy, to the turnpike road at Sberril Heath, in the faid county of Southampton.

XCVI. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Alford to	Boflon, and from thence to	Cow in the county of Lincoln.

XCVII. An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor,in the hundreds of Lots, and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

XCVIII. An ad to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the twenty fourth year of his late Majefty, for repairing Che road from	Crysford Bridgt to Manchefltr, ana for amending

the road from Crofsftrd- Bridge aforefaid, to a certain place in Altrincham, in the county palatine of XCIX. An ad for amending and widening the road, from the city of York, by Grimjltn Sm, to Kexby Bridgt, and from Grimjlont Smithy aforefaid, to a certain gate, at the upper end Garraby Hill, in the county of York.

C. An ad for repairing and widening the road from Stockport, in the county of Chefler, to Saxon’s Lane End, in the county of Lancofter, and from the crofs, in	in	the faid

county of Lancajler, to	DoffoPs-Lane- Heain the county of York t

and alfb the road branching out of the tirft-mentioned road, in the townlhip of Bredbury, to Mettram, in the faid county of Chtjltr.

Cl. An ad for repairing and widening the roads from the Little Bridge, over the end of the drain, next Wifbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wifbeach, in the lfle of Ely, to the fign of the Bear in Walfoktn, in the county of	Norfolk j and from Walfoktn Bridge, lying over the fame drain,

■ to

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

to the faid fign of the Bear* and to Lord's Bridge* in Iftirigtan ; and from thence to the weft ends of Maudlin Bridge and German s Bridge* in the county of Norfolk; and from the eaft end of German's Bridge aforefaid, to the weft end of Long Bridge, in South Lynn* in the borough of King's Lynn* in the faid county of Norfolk ; #and from ljlington aforefaid, to CrofsKeys Wafts* in the faid county.

CII. An a& for repairing and widening feveral roads, leading from between the fecond and third mile ftones, on the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole* znd Winborn Minjier., in the county of Dorfet* to Bratton Corner*in the county of Somerfet.

CIII. An adt to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty feventh year of his late Majefty, for opening* making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliffe Highway* through Cannon Street* in the county of Middlesex, and other rdfcds in the faid act mentioned* and for lighting* watching and watering the faid roads.

CIV. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act pafied in the twenty fixth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled An aft for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned* leading to and from the towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivel-chefter, in the county of Somerfet; and for repairing the roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Crofs Bottom.

Cv. An adt for repairing and widening the road, from the turnpike road in Banbury* in the county of Oxford, through Daventre* and Cottefbacb* to the fouth end of Mill Field, in the parilh of Lutterworth* in the county of Leicefier.

CVI. An adt to continue the term and render more effedtual an adt pafied in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge* through Littleworth* and byFregnall* and over James Deeping Stone Bridge* in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang* in the county of Northampton* adjoining to the high road there.

CVII. An adt for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge* in the borough of Warwick* through Soutbam and Daventry* to the town of Northampton.

CVIII. An adt for amending and widening the,road, from the north end of Old Malton Gate* in the town and borough of New Malton* to the town of Pickering* in the county of York.

1.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable wafte grounds, in the manor and parilh of Podington* in the county of Bedford.

2.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, lanes, and wafte ground, within the manors and pariQi of Hardingfione and Cotton* in the county of Northampton.

3.	An adt for naturalizing John William Plauel* John James Long* Jacob Nodal* and Chriflopber Henry Beaumer.

PRIVATE ACTS.

4. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

4.	Ad aft for naturalizing Luder Lang.

5.	An aft for naturalizing Cbriftian James Strackhoven.

6.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open commons, common fields, meadows, and grounds, lying in the hamlet of Don-ningtssjn the parifh of Stow on the Woldjn the county of Gloucejler.

;. An aft for dividing and incloling certain open and comma fields, common paftures, common meadows, and common-s&wafte grounds, in the manor, hamlet, and tything, of Wefi-ate, in the parifh of Waddefdon, in the county of Bucks.

8.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the manor of Long Eatonf in the parifh of Sawley, in the county of Derby.

9.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and grounds, within the townihip of Ulrome, otherwise Owram in Holdernefsy in the county of York.

10.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of North Kilwortby in the county of Leicofler.

11.	An aft for annexing the reftory of Colerncy in the county of WiltSy to the office of warden of tne college of Saint Mary% of fffnchejlery in Oxford.

12.	An aft for veiling the fettled eftates of AnnWilfony widow, and Ann Wilfon, her daughter, an infant, in truftees, to be fold, for difeharging the debts and incumbrances affefting the fame.

13.	An aft to enable Richard Duppa> clerk (heretofore called Richard Hantom) and his heirs male, to take and ufe the fur-name and arms of Duppa, purfuant to the will of Baldwin Dap-pa efquire, deceafed.

14.	An aft to enable TVilliam Agcr, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Turnor.

15.	An aft to enable John Jennings efquire (now called John Smith) and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname of Smithy purfuant to the will of Thomas Smithy deceafed.

16.	An aft to enable William Marwood efquire, lately called William Metcalfe, and his iflue, to take, ufe, and bear, the furname and arms of Marwoody purfuant to the will of Jane Turnery widow, deceafed.

17.	An aft to enable William Nevile Blondeau efquire, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Hart.

18.	An aft to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe efquire (and his heirs) to take and ufe the furname of Pooley purfuant to the will of Elizabeth Ludwelly deceafed.

19.	An aft for naturalizing Dirk Jager of the city of Londony merchant.

20.	An aft for naturalizing Andrew Fubrery and Rene Labutte.

21.	An aft for naturalizing John Elias Jaqueryy Peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriody John James Ofvaldy and John Francis Anthony Rivaz.

22.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte% and David Francis Sapte.

23.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common

arable

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

arable fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds* in the lord (hip and parifh of Flamboroughy in the county of Tori,

24.	An aft for dividing and allotting the commons or waftes, and the common fields, and ings, in the manor and townfhip of Everingham, in the county of Tori; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

25.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the townfhips and hamlets of Horley and Homton, in the parifh of Horley aforefaid, in the county of Oxford.

26.	An aft for dividing and allotting certain open fields, meadows, and ftinted paftures, in the townfhip of Fenton, in the parifh of Kcttletborp, in the county of Lincoln, and a certain free common, called The Eaft Moor, in the fame pari(h.

27.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain common fields, meadows, and common paftures, in the townfhip and parifh of Newton, in the county of Lincoln, and certain rights of pafture in Kettletborpe in the faid county.

28.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the manor of Wellingborough, and of and in the manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the college of Irtlingboroughy and in the parifh of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton.

29.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields and meadows, common raftures, and other commonable lands, lying within the parifh orLowdham, in the county of Nottingham.

30.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open and common fields, lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Benton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

31.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Ellerker, in the parifh of Bran-tingham, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

32.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Bran-tingham, in the parifh of Brantingham, in the eaft riding of tho county of York.

33.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, heath, and wafte grounds, and commonable places, in the lordfhip and liberties of Draycot, in the parifh of Bourton, in the county of Warwick.

34.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields and common grounds, in the manor and parifh of Dcnford, in the county of Northampton.

35.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable wafte grounds, in the manor and parifh of Twywell, in the county of Northampton.

36.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common

fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the manor and parifh of Snitfeld\ otherwife Snitterfield, in the county of Warwick.	37.

Digitized by

A TABLE of Ac STATUTES.

37.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open lands and groundling in the parifh of Bretfertmyxn thecountyof IVorceJler.

38.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, eotnffloos, and wafte grounds, in the pariihof Rotbwelly in the coaafy of Lincoln.

$ An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields and grads, lying in the parifh of Lenchwick and Norton, and the fcraogh ot Evtjbmy in the county of Worxejler.

40.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain pieces or parcels of land, in the parifhes of Doncajler and Cantley; and for draining and preferving the faid lands; and alfo feveral other bnds and grounds, in the feveral parifhes of RoJJmgton and IPadwertby in the welt riding of the county of York.

41.	An aft for confirming the allotments of, and for inclofing, the common and feveral wafte lands, in the manor and parifh of Sebrabanty otherwife Sebergbanty in the county of Cumberland.

42.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common called Scorning Common, and the greens called Pound Green% Pope's Greeny and Sett's Green, lying within the feveral manors of Seaming Hally Drayton Hally and Northern Hally Seaming Paruay Guntons and Rougholmey on the part of* Hoey or feme or one of them, and in the parifh of Seamingy in the county of Norfolk.

43.	An aft for dividing, and inclofing the common fields, common paitures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the parilh and liberties of Sprattony in thecountyof Northampton.

44.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Cropton9 in the county of Yorky and tor other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, divers parcels of common or wafte grounds, within the manors of Apple-tm and Lymmyvn the county of Chejler.

46.	An aft for inclofing and dividing feveral lands and grounds, in the townfhip of Kirkhammertony in the parifh of Kirkbammer-tm> in the county of York.

47.	An aft for confirming and eftabl’rfhing an exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holies duke of Newcajiky and Margaret Cavendijh dutchefs dowager of Portlandy of feveral parts of their fettled eft ate s, in the county of Nottingham ; and for fettling the lands given in exchange to each party, to fuch ufes, as the lands for which the fame are exchanged flood fettled.

48.	An aft for veiling an eftate, called Woodlandiy in the county of JViltSy belonging to the mailer, fellows, and fcholars, of the college called Clare Hally in the univeriity of Cambridgey in fftltiam earl of Shelburney and his heirs.

49.	An aft for confirming and eftablrfhmg an agreement, between the mailer, brethren, and lifters, of the hofpftal of the UxdHaJlings of Lovghboroughy founded at Stoke Poges, in the county of BuckSy and Thomas Penn efquire, for exchanging certain lands and premifies in Stole Poges aforefaid ; and for rendering the faid agreement more effectual, for the purpofes thereby intended.

50.	An aft to enable Fanny Fowled fpinfter, a minor, to con-



Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

rey, aflign, and fettle, her real and perfonal eftate, in the man* ner therein mentioned, on her intended marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges baronet.

51.	An alt for fale of certain lands in the county of Kenty fettled upon the rector of the parifti of Saint George Bloomjbury, in the county of Middlefex; and for applying the money arifing thereby, in manner therein mentioned, for the benefit of the faid reltor.

52.	An alt to apply a certain fum of money arifing by the fale of a houfe in Tetbury, in the county of Gloucejier, and by donations of feveral perfons, for rebuilding the parifti church and chancel of Tetbury, aforefaid.

53.	An alt for the fale of lands and tenements, in the county of Cumberland, late the eftate of William Dobinfon genleman, de-ceaied for the benefit of the children of Jofepb Banks, his nephew, deceafed.

54.	An alt to diflolve the marriage of John Nixon, with Hejler Spencer, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

55.	An alt to enable Brigg Price efquirey and his iflue, to take ana ufe the fumame of Fountaine, and to bear the arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine knight, deceafed*

J;6. An alt for naturalizing Henrietta Rofa Peregrina Townf-, wife of James Townfend efquire.

57.	An alt for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernfty John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lemann.

58.	An alt for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janoty Chrijlopher John SchultZy John Gottifried KlotZy Erdmann Chrijlopher Riemawiy and Bernhard Johann Fleifchmann.

59.	An alt for for dividing and inclofing tne open fields and commonable places, in the parifti of Houghton on the Hilly in the county of Lelcejler.

60.	An alt for dividing and inclofing Walkden Moory and a part of a parcel of mofs ground, called Chatmofsy within the manor of Worjleyy in the county palatine of Lancajler.

61.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, common paftures, and other commonable places, in Burton Overy9 in the county of Leicejler.

62.	An alt for dividing and inclofing feveral lands and grounds, in the parifti of Aukborough, in the county of Lincoln.

63.	An alt for dividing atid inclofing feveral common fields, common meadows, and wafte grounds, in the parifti of Emloady in the county of Worcejler.

64.	An alt for dividing and inclofing certain moors orcommons, in the parifti of Wolfinghamy in the county palatine of Durham.

65.	An alt for dividing and inclofing feveral open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifti of Hartjhorn, in the county of Derby.

66.	An alt for inclofing and dividing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and common grounds, in the manor and parifti of Tetfordy in the county of Lincoln.

67.	An alt for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, mea« dows, and commons, within the lordftiip or liberty of Wilfordy in the county of Nottingham.	68.

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

68.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fkdds, and all the commonable lands and grounds, in Grimfiony in the county of Leicefter.

69.	An ad for dividing and inclofing two moors, or commons, within the barony and manor of IVarkey and parifh of Syssadbun in the county of Northumberland.

7©. An ad for dividing and indofing certain open commoti arable fields, in the parimes of North Cockerington and South Cxkerington in the county of Lincoln.

71. An ad for dividing and indofing certain open and common fields and grounds, within the feveral parifhes of Keelby and StaBingbrough, in the county of Lincoln.

7%. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, and common palhire, common meadow, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the manor and lordfhip of Carlton upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

73.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common fen, In the parifhes of AJlackby and Dowjby, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the faid fen; and alfo certain inclofed low grounds adjoining to the faid fen.

74.	An ad for dividing and indofing the fen grounds, moors, fheep-walks, woodings, fike clofes, open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parHh of Branjlon, in the county of the city of Lincoln.

75.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and commoti fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte ground, in the lordfhip and liberties of GranburroWy in the county of Warwick.

76.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, wafte grounds, and commonable lands, of and in the manor, parifh, and liberties, of LongBuckby, in the county of Northampton, exclufive of that part of the hamlet of Murcot which lies in the faid parifh.

77.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common moor, or trad of wafte land, within the barony or manor of Bulbed, in the county of Northumberland.

78.	An ad for extinguifhing certain rights of common, in the parifh of Lutchamy alias Litcham, in the county of Norfolk.

79.	An ad for inclofing and dividing the high and low commons of AuJlerMd, in the county of York.

80.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open arable fields, undivided inclofures, commons, and waftes, lying and being within the parifh of Wadworthy in the weft riding of the county of York.

81.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the hamlets of AJhford arid Sheldon, in the parifh of Bakcwclly and county of Derby.

82.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor and parifh of Elfordy in the county of Stafford.

Vol. XXVI.	*b	83.	An

Digitized by LjOoq le

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

83.	An ad for dividing and indofing a certain open common field, common paftures, common meadows, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parilh of Somerton, in the county of Oxford.

84.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and corprinon field, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the townftiip ana hamlet of Sbutfordy in the parifh of Swalcliffe, in the county of Oxford.

85.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain commons, called The High and Low Commonj, in the parifh of Tickhill, in the counties of York and Nottingham.

86.	An ad for draining and improving certain low, martf}, and fen lands, lying between Bojlon Haven and Bourny in the parts, of Kejieven and Holland in the county of Lincoln.

87.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Dorothy late countefs dowager of Burlington, lying in the counties of Afiddlefex, York, and Lincoln, in truftees, to be fold and conveyed in manner therein mentioned ; and for invefting part of the money arifmg by fuch fale, in difcharging a mortgage debt affed> ing the fame premifles, and the refidue thereof in the purcliafe of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the lame ufes as the faid fettled ellates do now Hand limited, or fo many of them as (hall be then exifting.

88.	An ad for veiling certain undivided parts or fhares belonging to the honourable John Saint John, an infant, and Edward Deringj alfo an infant, of and in feveral meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the ifle of Thanety in the county of Kenty in .truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the money arifing by the fale thereof, in the purchafe of other lands, to be conveyed to the ufe of the faid John Saint John and Edward Dering y re-fpedively, and their refpedive heirs; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

89.	An ad for making the portions provided by the marriage fettlement of Sir George Trevelyan baronet, and dame Julia his wife, for their younger children, veiled interefts, fo that the fame may be raifed and paid, notwithftanding the deaths of fuch children in the life-time of their father; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

90.	An ad for veiling tjie barony or manor of Shipbrooky in the county of Chejlcry part of the eitate of Henry Vernon efquire, comprized in his marriage fettlement, in truftees, to be fold, for railing money to difeharge the debts 3nd incumbrances charged upon and affeding the fame, previous to the faid fettlement ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

91.	An ad for felling part of the fettled eftates of Robert Dolman efquire in Pocklingtony and elfewhere, in the county of Yorky for difcharging the debts and incumbrances of himfelt and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldeft fon, affeding the fame ; and for making provifion for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger children of Robert Dolman the elder.

92.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Chrifopher Crowe efquire, in the county of York, in him in fee Ample; and

fdr

Digitized by (^.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

for fettling other eftates, in the fame county, in lieu thereof.

|	93. An a St for veiling the fettled eftate of John Knowjley, and

EbwAttb his wife, in the county of Tori, in truftees, to be conveyed purfuant to certain articles for the purchafe thereof 5 and Sir laying out the money thereby ftipulated to be paid in tteparchafe of other lands, to be charged and fettled in man-ncras therein mentioned.

$4. An adt for veiling certain eftates, late of Elizabeth Cary »iow, deceafed, in the county of Middlefex, in truftees, in trufl: a? fell and convey the fame to Robert Child efquire, and for lay-ingout the money arifing by fuch fale in three per centum consolidated bank, annuities, to be fecured and transferred in manner therein mentioned; and for other purpofes.

95.	An adt for divefting out of the heir at law, or other legal reprefentative or reprefentatives of Edmund Neelcr deceafed, the fevcral freehold eftates of the late William Wejlbrook efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Middlefex, Bucksy Kent, and Surrey, and in the city of London; and for veiling the fame in truftees, to be fold and conveyed to fuch perfons as may already have con-tradled, or (hall hereafter contra#, to become the purchafers of any parts or (hares thereof, under the diredtions of the court of Chancery.

96.	An adt for fale of the copyhold eftates late of dodlor Robert Taylor, deceafed; and for laying out the money arifing thereby, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof $ and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

97.	An adt to confirm and ellablilh exchanges of land, at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard efquire, and Edward Walter efquire -> and between the faid Charles Howard, and Jonathan Tryes efquire.

98.	An adt for veiling part of the real eftate of Mary Phelps widow, deceafed, given and devifed by her will, in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts, legacies, and incumbrances.

99.	An adt for veiling feveral freehold and copyhold eftates, in the feveral counties of EJfcx, Suffolk^ Bucks, and Middlefex, and in the city of London, in truftees, for the fale thereof, in order to difeharge the feveral legacies or portions bequeathed by the will of William Hollingworth efquire, deceafed $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

100.	An adt for fale of the eftates comprized in the marriage fettlement of John Briflow efquire, in the county of Norfolk; and for applying the monies arifing thereby in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes contained in the faid fettlement.

101.	An adt/or making a partition of divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Lincoln and York, late the eftate of Edward Ayfcough deceafed, which, upon his death, belonged to his four daughters and co-heirs; and for fettling the lands and hereditaments, to be allotted upon the faid partition, to the

b 2	feveral

Digitized by v^oogle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

feveral ufes limited, of their feveral undivided (hares thereof re-fpeftively.

102.	An a ft for fale of the freehold eftate late of Amie Brox-time widow, deceafed, in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square; and for laving out the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other freehold lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

103.	An aft for naturalizing Louifa Rudolfbina Waley and Greorgy Wale,

104.	An aft to naturalize Benedict Raul Wagner.

105.	An aft for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn.

106.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral lands and grounds, undivided inclofures, commons, and waftes, in or near the village or hamlet of Marfboroughy in the townfhip of Kim-berworthy and in the parifh ot Rotberbanty in the county of Tori.

107.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and commoA fields, and common paftures, of Scalfordy in the county of Lei-teftery and all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

108.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other com* monable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Felmerjhamy in the county of Bedford.

109.	An aft for verting divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Toriy Cumberlandy Northumberlandy and Durbanty late the eftate of Henry earl of CarliJUy deceafed, in truftees, to be fold and difpofed of, in and for the payment of his debts, legacies, and incumbrances, and other the purpofes m his will mentioned.

110.	An aft to enable John lord BelleWy baron of Duleeiy in the kingdom of Irelandy more effeftually to exercife his power, to raife certain fums therein mentioned, out of his fettled eftates in the faid kingdom, for the portions of younger children.

m.	An aft for verting the eftate late of Peter Wyche efquire, at Goadbyy alias Godeby Marwoody in the county of Leicejlery in truft, to be conveyed to the moft noble John marquis of Granby% or as he (hall appoint; and for applying the purchafe money in manner and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

112.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor or manors, and parifh of Syrtjhamy otherwife Sifebanty in the county of Northampton.

113.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain common fields and wafte ground, in the parifh of Braithwelly in the county of Tori.

114.	An aft to enable Jeremiah Rayment the younger efquire, and his iffue, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Hadjley, purfuant to the will of Robert Hadjkytiquire, deceafed.

115.	An aft for naturalizing Henry de Mijfyy and Gabriel Li Royer.

The End of	tbTABLE?.

Digitized by v^ooQle

'	THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno quarto GEORGII III. Regis;

CAP. I.

An a8 for continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain du~ ties upon malt, mum* cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufand [even hundred and fixty four.

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WE your AfajtJly’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons freamblq;;

of Great Britain, in parliament affembledy towards raiftng the necejfary /applies to defray your Majefty*s public expences, have freely and voluntarily refohed to give ana grant unto your Majefty, the rates, duties^ and impofttions herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the autho~ rity of the fame. That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed9 ice. See.

Malt aft of i Geo. hi. further continued to 14th June 1765.—— Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per bufhel. Mum to s. per barrel. Cyder and per. ry made for fale, 4*. per hogfhead. How thefe duties are to be raifed, *■—	10,0001, to be raifed in Scodand. Surplus to be added to the fifh-

cries, ice. ■ --This aft to relate to the fame day and time, as the aft 1 Geo. iii. did.— Malt brought from Scotland by fea, to be entered at the port of landing: brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carli/U. —— Cyder for diftillin* not chargeable. Diftiller to give notice to the

officer when he’diftils cyder.-Allowances for exportation of malt.

1 W. and M. On certificate of malt being exported, and fecurity, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding, over and above the penalty of the bond, all the malt and treble the value forfeited. ——Malt fteeping for exportation to be kept feparate till meafured. Maiders to give notice to officers, See. — Penalty on opening the locks, &c. after malt is meafured, &c.—Malfters, on 14th June 1764, to clear out of their warehouses all malt within fifteen months. And fo all future malfters.—— Claufes in aft 1 a Anne and 6 Geo. 'x. 5 s. per bufhel penalty on all com fteep-ing or fteeped for malt, which (hall be found in the ciftern or couch, fo hard and compaft as it could not be, unlefs the fame had been forced together to prevent the riling. — fool, penalty on fraudulently conveying from the ciftern any Imping of corn, and mixing the fame with other com charged with duty in the couch $ or fraudulently conveying the fame away, fo that no gauge of fuch com can be taken in the couch. — Penalties how to be recovered.—Buyers of cyder or perry for their private ufe nbt to be charged.—Perfons felling left than 10 gallons, to be deemed retailers, ■ 1 — Qaufe of loan at 4I. per cent. Tallies of VOL. XXVI*	B	.	low

Digitized by V^OOQle

Anno quarto GfiORGH III. c. 2.	[1764;

loan to be ftruck, icc. Orders regiftered and paid in couffe. No fee for rcgiftering, See. Penalty for undue preference* No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the fame day j nor if fubfequent orders be paid before fnch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders affigft-able.Commifiioners of the treaAiry impowered to prepare any number of Exchequer bills of one common fum9 or different lums, in the principal monies.——Bills to bear intereft at 4I. per cent j>er annum. Thefe bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to diretf the courfe of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques See. ——* The bills to be placed as ca(h in the Exchequer, and to be lfltred there* out in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. --* Tallies to

be levied for bills lent into the Exchequer.—Intereft to continue till payment.----Intereft to ceafe whiUt the'bills are in the hands of receivers, &c.-Bills paid to receivers, See. to be figned and dated. In-

tereft to be allowed to the faid days. - ■ --The bills may be reiffued, both for principal and intereft.—Receivers to keep a book. —Bills filled up by indorfements, or defaced, to be exchanged. — Bills not exceeding 50001, each to be made forth at the Exchequer.— Forging

Exchequer bills,felony.*----How the moniesarifing by this a& fhaJl be

applied. -----Treafury on 19 Sept. 1765, to take an account of all monies

raifed and difehareed.—-—Unfatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the finking fund.—Commifiioners to appoint perfons ta pay off principal fums, which (ball from time to time be m courfe of pay*

. ment upon Exchequer bills.—Money, as brought in, to be paid to the

pay matters.--Bills to be regiftered In courfe. When intereft to

ceafe. Paymafters liable to the controul of the treafury.—-Treafury to fettle falaries of clerks, Scc. and to contract with perfons to circulate bills. See. —-Contra&ors not difabled from being members of parlia-

ment : may lower or raife the intereft with content of the treafury. — -

ContrattoYs how to be paid.-*—No fee to be taken. No intereft for

lefs than one penny. Charges to be paid out of the finking fund: to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. ■■■■« CUufe of relief for bills loft or deftroyed.....- Bills difeharged to be cancelled.-——Sinking fund appropriated to difeharge national debts incurred before i^Doc. 1716.-

tendency of malt tax %Oeo. ili. howto be fupplied.--Arrears of

former duties to be applied in aid of the fupplies granted fbr the year

CAP. II.

An aft for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice ef the year one tboufand jeven hundred and fixty four•

Moft Gracious Sovereign,	f

\\f E your Majefty 5 moft dutiful and loyal fubfefts, the commons preamble# VV of Great Britain, in parliament ajfmbled, taking into our ferious confideration fuch expences as are absolutely necejfary for fup~ porting your Majefty s government, and being refehed to fuppfy the feme, have for that end and purpofe cheerfully and voluntary given and granted, and do by this aft give and grant unto your Majefly, the fevcral and refpeftive rates and ajfeffments hereafter mentioned; and .we do moft humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and, with the advice and confeftt of the lords (j)iritual and temporal,. s’°37ancfiid. *n<* commons>in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the tlbe raifed in authority of the fame. That the fum of two millions thirty Great Britain feven tnoufand eight hundred fifty four pounds, ntnefeoa *-	-	Jhilfings,

Digitized by

Google

4-] Anno qiiarto GeORGII HI. c.2.

I btitmgs, ind eleven pence, (hall be raifed, levied, and paid into his Majcfty, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by fuch proportions, and in fuch manner and foraij as hereafter in this ad are cxprefled.

And it is hereby declared and eni&ed by the authority Ardaid, That, &c. &c.

9°°1- ** *• amd 9d. to be raifed in England in oiid year from Mrcb 1764. — Perfonal eftates (except defperate debts, ftockton land, kofehoW goods, and loans to his Majefty} to pay 4 s. in the pound. —■ Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to 4 s. per pound—Penlions and annuities out of thd Exchequer, Sec* 10 pay, Sec.— Lands, tenements, mines. Sec. to be charged With equality sod indifference. Sec. — Lands, &c. fubjeCt to rent-charges, annuities, &C. ^Commiffioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this aft ill exe-eurioa. —Com million ers to meet on or before the 30th of Aprils 1764, as by the a£ 4 W. and M. and m4y fubdivide thenifelves, Sec. — A lift of the coumtffioners to a& in each divifion, to be given to the receivers gene* rel.-^Commiflkmers, to fummon At perfons to be afleflbrs, who ar{ to ap-pear before them in eight days} and then to give them a charge. Per-wns absenting, or refilling to ferve, forfeit, ndt exceeding 51, nor left thait

40 s. Afleflbrs to be two at leaft, and fufficient inhabitants -------Affef-

mentt to be brought in at a day and place prefixed.------ The full fum

charged to be affefled.—certificate of the afleflment to be brought ia trim the colle&ors names.—-Afleflbrs, &c. neglecting their duty to bo

fined not above 401.----Affeflors to driver one copy of the affeflment*

to the commiflionert.-^—-Duplicates thereof to be figned, Sec. and one delivered to the collectors, Scc. with warrant for collecting.—-Commifliani ere required to give collectors notice at what time and place the appeal of any perfon who (hall think himfelf aggrieved by being over-rated, mar be heard and determihed. —A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the afleflors and collectors, to the receiver-general; and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8th Augufi 1764, or twenty days after (all appeals firft determined) —^ Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of iqI. — The rates to be levied on the

parties, or premiflfes; and to be paid to the receivers-general, Stc.-The

money collected to be paid to the receiVer-general, or deputies; and they to give commiffiofters notice. —^ Collectors not obliged to travel above ten miles. —^ Removal or death of receiver-general to be notified to the eofltmiffioners.—497,475 b 4 s. and 8d. 1. q. for the firft quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 14th Jme 1764. the fecood payment by 19th September 1764. the third payment by 15th December 1764- the

mt payment by the 15th Match 1765.----------- Receiver-general within t

month aftci* receiving the foil fum charged, to give the commiffioners a receipt: which fliall be a full difeharge for payment. Receivers-general within twenty days tdpay the monies into tne Exchequer; and to be allowed 1 d. in the pound. —- Collectors to have 3 d. in the pound. Com-miflkmers d<rk$ to have three half pence in the pound. — Collectors may levy by diftrefs, in cafc of refufal of payment. Diftrefs to be kept four days at the owner's charge j then appraifed and fold, and the over-pi us returned, Sec. Cemmiffioners to determine differences about diftrefs* Pot want of diftrefs offender may be committed (except a peer or pecrefs •f Great Britain)—* Tenants to pay the tax, and deduCt 10 much out of the rents. —^ Tenants difeharged for what they fo pay. Commiflionert to fettle differences between landlord and tenant. Comrrv.ffioners to eaufe aD deficiencies to be reaffeffed, and made good. — Afleffor re-fiifmg to ferve, to forfeit not exceeding 401. fine; not to be difeharged but by cotnmiffioners who irapofed it; and levied by diftrefs or imprifonment, md paid into the Exchequer, and inferted in the duplicates.---* Collec-

tors detaining the money, to be imprifofted, their eftates feized and fold,

Ac.----Commiflioners to examine whether the fums affefled be duly col-

cafe of controverfies in afleffing commiflkmers> the k *	£ a	cora-

Digitized by

4	Anno	quarto	GeoRgii	III. C*ii {1764.

oommifltanert concerned to withdraw : in default to be fined, not above no 1* —— No privileged place or perfon exempt from this tax. Fee-farm

rents, &c. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates.--------Colleges, Sec. in

the univerfities, Sec. not chargeable * nor the houfes or lands, which before the 15th of March 1603. did belong to Chrift's-hofpital, See. nor corporation of clergymen's fons, Bromley college, or any other hofpital or alms-houfe. —— No tenants of hofpitals, See. to claim any exemption. —— Such tenants not difeharged, who by leafes are obliged to pay taxes. —~ Commifiioners to determine how far lands. Sec. belonging to hofpitals.

Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged.-----All hofpital lands

&c. aflefled by 4 W. and M. liable to this aid, and no other. ——< Receivers of fee-farm rents, 8cc. to allow 4 s. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of 20I. Auditors, Sec. fetting tenants injuper for what ought

to be allowed, or refilling allowance, to forfeit 1001.--Such fee-farm

rents only to have an allowance of 4 s. per pound, as are anfwerable to the crown, or were purchased according to as and 23 Car. ii. The owners to allow the fame to the party paying. — Lifts of penfions &c. to be delivered gratis to the afleflors. Taxes on penfions. Sec. not paid, to be ftopt ip the Exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money ftopt. ——

Perfont to be taxed in the parifh where they dwell.------No provifo to

leflen the full fum by this aft to be levied. — Contrafts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided.--All places to pay,

where ufually aflefled.---Wefi Barnfield to be aflefled in the lathe of

Skray, Com. Kent, Nortbmore, Com' Oxen, in Brampton. CharUmry, See• in CbadBngtoa, Leeds, com* Bhor. in Skyrae. Omberjtey, Sec. com' Wor-eefler in Opwald/krw hundred. Parifti of YardUy, in Halflbire hundred. Foreft of Chute, where the firft 4s. aid was aflefled. Upton, in Perfbore

hundred. Colder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds.--------Inhabitants of

appartments, Sec. in Somerfet houfe, to be aflefled in the fame proportion with thofe in Lancafter liberty. — General iflue. Treble colts. — Where lands Sec. are unoccupied, and nodiftrefs found, collectors may

diftrain at any time after.---Wood may be cut down, and fold for di-

itrefs (Timber-trees excepted)----Tithes, tolls, Scc. not paid within fix

days after demand, Sec. may be feized and fold.--Receiver general re-

turning perfons, who have pud the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieved, and to his Majefty double the fum fo returned.-*— Commifiioners to afiefs the afleflors. —— None compelled tQ

be afleflors out of the limits of the city, &c.-Afleflments on foreign

sninifters houfes to be paid by the landlords.--In places extraparochial

commifiioners to nominate afleflors and collectors, Sec.-No commiffion-

er. Sec. liable to any other penalties than fuch as are infli&ed by this aft. •— Commifiioners not to a6t without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. i. Sec* — afting before oaths taken forfeit 2001.--Officers to pay, where employed, Sec.-------------------------------Officers in chancery to be aflefled in the rolls liberty.

Annuities where rated. Penfions, where payable. Perfonal eftates, where perfons refident, &c. Perfons not houfeholders, where refident. Abfcnt perfons to be rated where they were laft refident. — Goods, Sec. to be aflefled where they fhall be.-Perfons doubly rated, difeharged on cer-

tificate. — Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey, or Guemfey. — Perfons avoiding the tax, charged treble. — Houfeholders to give an

account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of 5I.--Shares in the New river#

Sec. to pay 44. per pound. Shares in the Fire offices, and in the lights, and the King's printing-houfe to pay 48. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, poft office, &c. to be paid by the governors. — Governors# Sec. of the river-waters, and water-works remfing to pay, the collectors

impowered to levy the fum by diftrefs and fale.-Papifts 18 years of age

not taking the oaths 1 W. and M. to pay double: unlefs taken within ten days after the commifiioners firft meeting. — Perfons of 18 years of age

refufing the oath, to pay double.-Commifiioners to fummon fufoe&ed

perfons, Sec.— Quakers to fubferibe the declaration 1 W. andM. — Commifiioners to double aflefs papifts, whece afleflors omit.—^Tenants difeharged from double rates.—King's bench, Marfhalfea prifon. Sec. to be ulefled in St. George’s parifh, fee, — Oncers of the Marfhalfea

court

Digitized by

f?64-l

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.

court rcfnfing to par, Sec. collectors by warrant from commiflioners may

dlftrain. If no goods fufficient, officers to be imprifoned.-Fleet prifon

to be aflefled in St. Brule's.--Officers at v Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth.

to be aflefled within the town of Plymouth, &c. — Officers of the hofpital * tap Stontboufe, to be aflefled ana within the town of Plymouth. *o1. to he pud oat of the fum aflefled on the faid officers, in aid of the afleflment

os lufl Stontboufe.---Water-works in South-work to be aflefled in Sur-

19.—Water-works in Wtfimnfier to be aflefled there. Offices, Sec.

ii Wbittball and St. James's to be there aflefled.-Collectors of the

aster-works in CdcbeRer chargeable. Collectors for the water-works in JKro Wtndfbr, chargeable. — Patent officers to bifhopricks to pay where rfefled in 1693. — Commiffioner8 appointed to aCt, without fubdividing the parifh of St. Andrew Holbom, in Middlefex. The pariih of St. George JUmver-fqstare to be charged with diitinCt Quota from the parifh of St* Martin's in the fields. Debates arifing concerning the joint Quota, the commiflioners who are inhabitants of either parifh to withdraw, or to be

fined a fum not exceeding sol.-----The parifhes of St. John, St. Peter,

and Berebimgton, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the alTeff-sient 4. W. and M. — Lands not worth 10s. per annum not chargeable* -----Collectors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. -■ — Re-

ceiver- general mifapplymg the monies to forfeit 5001. ■ Commiflioners of the treafury, &c. not to divert the payments into the Exchequer. — No No&profetpu, Sec. in any fuit againft this aft. ■ ■■ ■ - Commiflioners to abate, where lands are over charged, and to re-afleft, See. or raife it on nerfbns undercharged. — Receiver-general anfwerable for deputies* flub coUeftor not to travel above ten miles, &c. Receivers not nominating deputies, &c. to forfeit 100I. —Commiflioners for the county at largo, may aft for any city. See.---Mavors, bailiffs &c. to aft as commiflioners fpedally appointed.—■----Members of parliament to be taxed at their

snannon-houfes. —— Firft meeting for the Weft riding of York at Ponte* fraS 1 North riding, at Tbirfk; Eaft riding at Beverley. * ■■ ■ No com-miffioner capable to aft in any county at large, unlels rated at xool. per annum (Merioneth, Cardigan, See. excepted) Commiflioners for Anglefea, flee. to act, if rated at 60L per annum. ■ ■ ■— Commiflioners, may aft for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, See. Attomies Sec. not to be commiflioners, without poflefling 1001. per annum. No commiffioner of the city of Loudon, or liberty of St Martm le grand to aft, unleft rated at so I. per annum of his own eftate, &c. ■■■ No commiffioner of the city, &c. of IPeflmmJler to aft, unlefi rated at aol. per annum of his own eftate.—Perfons difabled prefuming to aft, to forfeit 50I. —s—Col-kftors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. — —■ Her Majefty the Oueen not chargeable $ nor her royal Highneft the Princefs dowager of IVales $ nor his royal Highneft the Duke of Cumberland, nor the pnn-ceft Jme&a, - Superannuated fea-officers not to pay, See. nor poor knights of Windfor..	— Refidentiaries, in what cafes not chargeable 1

nor 1001. per annum to tbe poor clergy of the ifle of Man: nor pages of honour. ■ — —. Receivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. -	■ Commiffioners for Lincoln to aft in Lincoln-c/ofi’, and,

for the county, in St. Martin in Stamford baron.—Auditor to keep a

regifter, Sec....Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment

liable to diftrefi. ■—— Receiver-general to give a lift of money received by him, at tbe time and place appointed. On refufal to forfeit any fum not exceeding sol. ■ ■ — — Collectors may keep fo much money as any two commiflioners judge reafonable.—No receiver to return an infuper upon any county. See. after three years for monies in arrear j but the fame to be a debt on him and bis fecurities. ■ Sheriff, on writs of dijbingas, to return ifliies after the rate of 51. per cent, of the fum fet an infuper: and

proofs tp iflue thereupon, Sec.---Water-works in Shrewsbury charge*

able....— Who (hall have the benefit only of overplus fums uncharged*

— ■ Claufe for the eafe of proteftants, to whom lands, Sec. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands doubly taxed are liable only, to a Angle afleflment 5 commiflioners on complaint to examine into the -truth thereof, and to certify the fame to the barons of the Exchequer, be-

B 3	fora

Digitized by

%

Google

6

Preamble.

Anno quarto Georgii III* €- & Cx7^4f

forp zjth September, 1764 j. who are to difcbargf the overplus before the la&

day of November 1764. Certificates of tbe fums difeharged to be produced to the commiffioners at their next meeting. —— Commiffioners may fummpn col legion, who have converted lano-tax monies to their own uie» pr their heirs, &c. and on examination may HTue their warrants fof paying

Juch monies to his Majefty's ufe. —---The payments made according to

the commiffioners warrants, &c. (hall be discharges to the collqftors, or

their heirs, &c. ------Cqllcftors not paying, may be imprifoned, and

their eftates (eized and fold. ■ Arrears of former land-taxes to b*

levied by the prefent commiffioners.-----No receiver-general, or his

agents, may fue the county for a robbery, unlefs the perfbns carrying the jnoney be ip company, and three at leaft in number.----------Tolls or duties on turnpikes, not chargeable by this or any former aft.-Com7

miflioners may, before 19th September 17*4, fummon afieflors j who havq not charged their eftates fince 6th May 1717, and examine them upon oath| and award fatisfaftion, to be levied and paid to the colleftors.——-Com* miftioners* &c. to diftinguifh and fet down the grofc fums aflefed for double

taxes, to be tranfmitted in the Exchequer.---Afleflmentp on tbe tqwqx

of Cambridge to be raifed on manors, See. and on fifhings, See. on the rive?'

Cam.--------On whom and when, yearly aftefttnents on fairs, &c. to be

collefted. Diftrefs on default of payment how to be levied. Tenants of booths. Sec. to pay the rates, and deauft them out of their rents, Sec.

47.954b is. id. to be raifed in Scotland, by an S months cefs of 5.994b 5 s. id. 3 q. per menfeirt, to be rated as the tax roll now is, or fhallbe fettled by themfelves.—----The firft two months cefs to be paid by i4.th of

June 1764, fecond, 19th September 1764, third 15th December 1764, fourth 05th March 1765.—— Commiffioners for putting this aft in execution in Scotland, the fame as for the aft s Geo. iii. Sec. And execution to be done as by the faid aft* Firft meeting to be at the head burghs on 30th April 3764. ■ ■- ■■ All claufes in former afts relating to the bringing in thy cefs, Sec. to be in full force.-No perfons in Scotland, bolden to produce their receipts after 3 years.- —	■ Debtor owing money in Scot/aad

at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from tith Nov. 1763, to xith Nov. 1764.4.7,954b 1 s. 1 d. to be raifed free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. - No perfon to be a comraiflioner of jthc land fax *n Scotland, who is not enfeoft of tool. Scots, per annum real rent in the county where he afts. Exception. Commiffioners in Scotland to take the baths, and fubferibe the afiiirance.---Provoft, Sec. of aay royal borough may aft as acommiffioner.--------Claufe	of loan at4l. per cent——.

Tallies of loan to be ftruck, Sec. Orders regiitered and paid in courfe. No fee for rfcgiftering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. ■■ No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the fame day: nor if fob* fequent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe.

*------Orders affignable. —Commiffioners of the treafury impowered

to prepare any number of Exchequer bills of one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear intereft at 4b per cent* per annum. Thefe bills to be numbered arithmetically. . — - Treafury tq direft the courfe of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, Sec.---Land tax. The bills to be placed as cafh in the Exchequer.--------Claufes in the malt tax aft relating to Exchequer bill*

extended to this. ■	—- How the monies arifing by this aft (hall be applied. -------------Treafury on the 19 Sept. 176c, to take an account of all mo-

nies raifed and difebarged. — - unfatisned monies to be paid out of the nextaid, or out of the finking fund. The monies to be replaced out ot the firft fupplies. ■ ■■	■	Deficiency of the land tax a Geo. iii. how to be

fupplied.

cap. iii.

An a3 for punijhing mutiny and defertion; and for tbe better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS the raifingor keeping flooding army within this	kingdom,	in time of	pea unlefs it be with eonfent of

par-

Digitized by L^ooQle

'1764*1 Anno quarto Georgij III. c. 3.	y

parliament^ h apainft law: and whereas it is judged necejfary bp his Majeftj) and this prefent parliament, that a body of forces Jbould be continued for the Jafety of this kingdom, the defence of the pojfejftons of the crewn of Great ^Britain, and the prefervation of the balance of power in Europe; and that the whole number of ftub forces Number of Jhntld confift of feventeen thoufand fve hundred and thirty two effec- forces,,17,53s, trve men, including two thoufand /even hundred and thirty nine tnva-. including lids: and whereas, during the late juft and necejfary war in which his a»739tov*lMf* Majefty has been engaged againft France and Spain, fame part of bis Majefty's forces, exceeding the number aforefaidy has been employ-id in dijtant parts beyond the feaSy which mujl render the time when 1 jucb forces may return home uncertain; fome of which are intended to be broke, and others reduced, as foon after Jucb arrival as conveniently map be: and whereas no man can be fore-judged of life or.

Emb, or fubjtfied in time of peace to any kind of punijhment within this realm, by martial law9 or in any other manner than bp the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and ejlabhjbed laws of this realm; yet neverthelefs, it being requifite for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafi difcipline bje thfirotiy and that foldiers who /ball mutiny, or Jiir up Jedition^ or JbaU defert his Majefty's fervice within this realm, or the kingdom of Wand, Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney, and Sark, or the iflands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punijb-ment than the ufual forms of the law will allow; be it therefor* enadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament affembltd, and by the authority of the lame. That from and

After «4 March 1764, during the continuance of this ad, every officer and private man, who (hatl mutiny or defert, See. or lift in any other re-

Eit, See, or ihall be found deeping on, or (ball defert his poft, or hold correfpondence with the enemies of his Majefty, or ihall (hike, or 7, his fuoerior officer j ihall fuffer death, or fuch puniftunent as a-court-martial (hall in Aid.—The King may grant commiffion to hold *

court-martial. See.--Court-martial may infLid corporal punilhment for

immoralities. See.—General court-martial not to confift of left than 13 ; and the pfefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not

under the degree of a captain. --May adminifter an oath to witncfies,

— Officers to be fworn. The oaths.—The judge-advocate to be

fwom. The oath.------In fentences of death, nine officers to concur. See*

Hours of trial.---The party tried, intitled to a copy of the feutence

and proceedings of the court-martial. —Original proceedings, Scc. of • courts-martial to be tranfmitted to the judge-advocate general in London,

See----rNone to be tried a fecond time for the lame offence, except in

cafe of appeal.---This ad not to exempt foldiers from ordinary procef*.

----Penalty on falfe certificates to excufe foldiers from mutters. — Penalty on officers making falfe mufters, Scc.—-Fiditious names allowed by his Ma jetty’s order upon, the mufter-rolls for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be conftrued a fa He mutter.—Mutter-matter to give notice of raufter to a mayor. See. Penalty on ncgled. Mufter-rolls

to be ligned by the mayor, &c.---Penalty on perfons offering themfelvet

to befaltty muftered.—Hories falfly muftered, to be forfeited, &c.—*

Forfeiture how to be levied.—Officer embezzeiling, See. military ftores, to be caffiiered, and forfeit 100I. and the damage to be made good by &le of his goods and chattels; for want of diftrefs the perfon to be com?

mitted. Application of the forfeiture.------Mufter-mafter taking a

mutter, to make path, TJje oath. —* Mutter-rolls though tranfmitted

£ 4.	without

Digitized by Got

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. jl [1754J.

without the oath indorfed to the pay-matters general, to be good vouchers

to the auditor.----Penalty on agents. Sec. detaining officers or foldiers

pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents difobeving orders.----Surgeon,

«c. within ten miles of London, See. to certify who are fick; and commanding officers, who are employed in raifing recruits.-Penalty on officers

muttering perfons by wrong names.——Conttables, See, to quarter officers, and men in inns, alehouies, Sec. but in no dittillers houfes, or fhop-keepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty sn conttables, &c. quartering lbldiers in private houfes, Sec. and on officers quartering foldiers contrary to this aft, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain*

to any juftices and be relieved.--No jufttce having any military office,

to be concerned in billeting his foldiers.—-Officers ana foldiers to pay rates for their provifions. — What inn-holders may allow men quartered

On them inftead of meat.-----Penalty on officers taking money to excufe

the quartering.----Dragoons, Sec. and their horfes to oe billeted in the

fame houfe.-----Manner of changing men and horfes.-------Claufe relat-

ing to a foldier’s fettleraent for his wife and children.—Officers, Sec• to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direft. — No pay-matter, Sec. to make deduftions out of officers or foldiers pay.— Exceptions.—Treafury may iffue out the money due for clothing every

two months. Pay-matters to deduft the off-reckonings.------Officers to.

give notice to inn-keepers of fubfittence-money in their hands. Rates of fubfiftence to be paid to inn-keepers, Sec. for foldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying fubfittence-money.---On non-payment of quar-

ters the officer to make up accounts, Sec.—No mutter in Wefimmfier^ Sec. but in the prefence of two or more juftices*—Conttables, Sec. may billet foldiers in Wefiminfter, Sec. Petty conttables, Sec. to quarter foldiers in their refpeftive divifions. — Conttables, Sec. to deliver lifts at quarter-feffions, on oath, of inhabitants, and foldiers quartered in their reipeftive’ divifions; to be infpefted without fee. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by* the clerk at id. per iheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Pe--nalty on giving defective lifts. How to be levied, — This aft to extend to Jerfey, Sec.—Mutter-rolls to be dofed on day of mutter, and returned to the pay-matter of the forces, Sec. Penalty. — Juftices may order conttables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, dec.—~Penalty

on conttables, Sec. negleft.---Treafurers of the county to repay the

conttables extraordinary charges. — The money for thole purpofes how

to be raifed.----- No waggon, &c. to carry above 30 hundred weight. —

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. — Soldiers wives, &c. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty.—Penalty on officers or foldiers

deftroying the game.-----How the account of every regiment (hall be

kept. —■— Penalty on pay-matter, Sec. — Penalty on colonels. — Non-commiffion officer embezzelling the foldiers pay, Sec. to be reduced, dec.— Juftices may commit deferters.—* Reward for taking-up de-

ferters.----Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying their

arms, clothes, Sec.----Penalty on officer breaking open houle without

warrant. — His Majetty empowered to make articles of war.— None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expreffed to be fo punifoable

by this aft.----Deferters beyond fea, dec. may be tried here or in Ireland.♦

— This aft to extend to deferters, Sec. in Ireland, Sec. — Perfons acquitted by the civil magiftrate may only be caihiered by a court-martial. *7-7- Perfons accufed of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the

civil magiftrate, &c.--Pay-matters, Sec. to account with executors.—"

Perfons fued may plead the general iffue. Treble cofts.----All fuits to

be brought in fome of the courts of record at Weflnunfler, or Dublin, or

the court of feffion in Scotland.-Continuance of this aft.--Penalties

againft the aft 1 Geo. i. where to be filed for. — No volunteer liable to procefs, unlefs for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 10I. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and'marked on the back of the procefs. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. —* Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering; or

viftuallers refufing to quarter foldiers.-Juftices may order conttables

to give an account of the number of foldiers quartered. Scc. ....  How

troops

Digitized by t^ooQle

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. C.4J'	9.

troop* are to pay in pa&ng over ferries in Scotland. ——Claufe for relief of perfons baftily enlifting tnemfelves. Perfons refuting the faid relief to be proceeded againft, as u duly lifted. ■ ■ — Offences againft former mutiny ads punifhable by this ad.-None liable to be tried or punifhed

for offences againft former ads, unlefs committed within three years5 except for defertion. — Officers, &c. of the train of artillery fubjed Jto this ad.—American troops a&ing in conjundion with Briti/h forces, liable to the fame martial laws. —- Officers and foldiers of the American troops lent over to Great Britain to be quartered and billetted as the Brittfb forces, and under the fame regulations and penalties. —- This ad not to extend to the militia farther than is direded by the militia laws.

* CAP. IV.

An aft for exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament, for naturalizing his highnefs the hereditary prince of Brunf-wick Lunenburg.

WHEREAS the Kings mod excellent majefiy (whom God Preamble.

long prfferve) hath been pleated to the umverfal joy atid fa-Usfaftion of his people, and for the better Jlrtngthening the protef-tant interejl in Europe, to give his eldef fifttr, her royal highnefs the primtjs Augufta, pojfeffing the moft exalted virtues, and adorned with all pojfible accomplijbmentSy in marriage to his highnefs the hereditary prince of Brunlwick Lunenburgh, diftinguijbed by the moft heroick qualities, which have, from his early youth, rendered him illujlrious overall Europe, and endeared him to this nation: and whereas a more grateful proof of the efteem and affeftion of this kingdom cannot be given to his bighnefsy than, by an aft of naturalization, to make him capable of enjoying tbofe rights and liberties which are enjoyed in tbefe	*

kingdoms: and whereas by an aft made in the feventh year of the claufei in ad: reign of King Tames the Firjl, every perfon is required to receive the 7 Jac. x. faarament of the Lord's fupper, within one month before any bill for naturalization be exhibited, and alfo to take the oaths of Supremacy and allegiance in the parliament houfe,, before his or her bill be twice read: and whereas by an aft fajjed in the firjl year of bis majefiy kn(J f Gco u King George the Firjl, it was enafted, That no perfon Jhall be naturalized^ unlefs, in the bill exhibited for that purpofe, a claufey or particular words, be infertedy to declare that fuch perfon Jhall not thereby be enabled to be of the privy councilr or a member of either houfe of parliament, or to take any office or place of trujly either civil or military, or to have any grant of landsy tenementj, or hereditaments, from the crowny to bimjelfy or any other perfon in trujl for him; and that no bill jbouldy from thenceforth9 be received in either houfe of parliamenty unlefs Juch claufey or words9 be firjl inferted or contained therein; be it enaded by the King’s mou excellent majefty, by Leave given and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem- for exhibiting poral, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the au- a bill for na-thority of the fame. That a bill for the naturalization of his ^ru^gt^cu highnefs the hereditary prince of Brunfwick Lunenburgy without hereditary ° the claufe, or particular words, direded by the faid Taft recited prince of ad to be inferted, and without his receiving the facrament, or Brunfwick taking the oaths by the firft recited ad required, (hall and may ^hh^1*1^16, be exhibited and brought into tbi$ parliament, and twice read; ^ngthe*

the claufe, &c. in

Digitized by L» ooQle

A

io	Anno	quarto	Gborgti	III.	e.	5,&	[1764-

the lad recited *he faid recited ads, or any other law, ftatute, matter, or thing; a£t, or other- whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding. wifequalifying himfeli* according to the fiift recited aft.

CAP. V.

An aft for naturalizing his bigbnefs, Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunfwick Lunenburg.

WHEREAS the King's mofl excellent majefty, whom God long preferve, has been pleafel, to the unwerfal joy and fatisfaction of his people, and for the better firengthening the protefiant in-terefl in Europe, to give his eldejl ftfler, her royal highnefs the prin-cejs Augufta, pojfejfing the moft exalted virtues, and adorned with all poffible accomplishments^ in marriage to his highnefs Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunfwick Lunenburg, dijlinguijh-id by the mofl heroic qualities, which have, from his early youth, rendered him illuftrious over all Europe, and endeared him to this nation: and whereas a more grateful proof of the efteem and ojfeftion of this kingdom cannot be given to his highnefs* than, by an aft of naturalize ation, to make him capable of enjoying thofe rights and liberties which are enjoyed in thefe kingdoms: We therefore, your Majesty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the lords fpiritual arid temporal, and commons, in parliament allembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by thf King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and con-Ujs highnefs fcnt °f the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thi* Charles Wil- prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame* liam Fcrdi- That his faid highnefs Charles William Ferdinand* hereditary <Unand, *'crc”tprince of Brunfwick Lunenburg, be, to all intents and purpofee of Snfiifwick whatfoever, deemed, taken, and efteemed, a natural-bom fub* Lunenburg, jed of this kingdom, as if the faid prince had been bom with* deemed a na- in this realm; any law, ftatute, matter, or thing whatfoever, 19 ftg- the contrary notwithftanding,

U,C’	CAP.	VI.

An aft to continue, for a limited time, the free importation of tallow^ bogs lard, and greafe, from Ireland.

Preamble.

WHEREAS the permitting the free importation of talhu/* hogs lard* and greafe* from Ireland, into this kingdom* hath been found ufeful and beneficial, and that the time allowed for that purpofe is near expiring, and it is expedient that the fame Jbould be prolonged; May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad made in the Aft Geo.II thirty fecon<l ycar °* reign of his late majefty King George 31 c * the Second, intituled. An aft to difeontfauf* for a limited time* the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland; and alfo an ad made in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for extends ing the faid firft-mentioned ad to hogs lard and greafe; which have continuance nil (h$ {irft day pf May^ pn$ thoufand feven

fc 1 Geo. III. farther continued to 1

Digitized by LooQle

It

*764.], Anno.qiiarto Gbosgii III. c. 7.

hundred and fifcty four, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament, Shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, tom the expiration thereof, until the firft day of May, one thousand Seven hundred and Sixty nine, and to the end of the next SdSoo of parliament.

C AP. m

JitaEl to explain and amend fucb	pari afan aS tb*

lajl feffion of	parliament, (intituled, An a& for granting

to his Majefty Several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain dudes upon all cyder and perry, and for railing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the (aid dutips) as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an ail made in the lajl of parliament, preamble, re-intituled,An atS for granting to his Majefty feveral addi- citing daufe* tional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and cer- *<1 th« cy<\er» tarn duties upon all cyder and perry, and for railing the fum of	laft

three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the Said duties; a duty of four fiUIings per	hogjhead was, from end after the fifth day of July,

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty twee, granted upon all cyder and perry which Jbould be made in Great Britain, to be petU by the matter thereof, ever and above all other duties then payable fi¥ cyder or perry: and it was thereby dire died, that the amount of the faid duty Jbould be paid within the fpace of fix weeks, to be computed from the time of making the charge, in manner therein mentioned, by the officer or officers of excifc; and all makers of cyder and perry were thereby authorized to compound for the faid duty, after the rate -	7

in mentioned, in refpefi of the cyder and perry to be confumed in their own private families only, in fuch manner, with fucb exemptions, privileges, and advantages, and under fuch regulations, as are in the fad ail allowed and provided: and whereas it would he a great relief ' to the perfons Jubjeil to the faid duty, or to the eompofition in lieu thereof, many of whom are indufirious perfons with large , if the time for payment of the faid duty were enlarged, ana the com-pofition of five Jhillings, authorized to be made by the Jaid ail, were lowered; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and af- The time liter’the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty mited by the four, in lieu and inftead of the time of fix weeks, limited by fornier foe the faid aft for the payment of the faid duty on cyder and perry, fhe duties, ex-the fpace of fix calendar months (hall be and is hereby allowed tended to 6 for the payment of the Aid duty, to be computed from the time of months; making the charge thereof; and the faid duty (hall, from and after when they the expiration of the faid fix months, be recovered and levied in may be r<rco. fuch manner, a? thp Same could or might have been recovered	das^ire-

and by dkefted.

Digitized by

Google

t%	Anfco	quarts	GeorGII III. C. 7.	[17643

and Jevied by virtue of the faid former aft, at or after the expiration of the faid time therein limited for payment thereof.

In lieu of the II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That former com* from and after the fifth day of Jufyi one thoufand feven hun-pofttion, dred and fixty four, when any perfon, being a maker of cyder or perry within this kingdom, (hall be defirous of compounding for the faid duty on cyder and perry to be confumed in the Officers of ex-private family of luch perfon only, it (hall be lawful for ther Si*	commiflioners	of excife for the time being in England and Scot-

compound*	refpclkively,	as	the	cafe may be, or the major part of fuch

withprviate refpclUve tommiflioners, or fiich perfon or perfons as they, or •families, the major part of them, (hall refpedively appoint for that pur-at the rate of P°fe» an<Um default of fuch appointment, then for the colldt-ii, per head or and fupervifor for the diftrilfc and divifion within which the per annum, perfon defiring to make fuch compofition doth or (hall inhabit for each per- (and the faid commiflioners of excife, and the perfons fo to be old and *PP?inted by them, and in default thereof fuch collector and' wards, in the fupervifor as aforefaid, are hereby refpedively required) upon lifts delivered receiving from fuch perfon an exalt lift, figned by him or her, in to them. Qf the leveral perfons of the age of eight years and upwards whereof his or her family confifts (fpecirying their chriftian and furnames therein) to compound and agree with every perfon fo delivering in fuch lift, for and in lieu of the duty ot four (hillings granted by the faid alt on cyder and perry to be confumed in hi$or her own private family only, at the rate of two (hil-. lings ptrarmumiox each perfon which (hall be mentioned in fuch lift, in lieu and inftead of the compofition of five (hillings autho-Compofition rized to be made by the faid alt\ which compofition, after the smnualhr^^ ntc two things as aforefaid, (hall laft for one year, and be renewed annually j and the money arifing thereby (hall be paid and in cafe of down at the refpedive times of making the compofition: and in an mcreafe in the family of any perfon making the compofition (hall be in-durine'the creafed at any time during the year compounded for, then every year, an ad- perfon whofe family (hall be fo increafed (hall deliver in an addi-ditional lift is tional lift, containing the names of the feveral perfons of the age tobegiven in, cf eight years and upwards added to the famify, and (hall then in on th paid a^° Pay down a proportionable compofition for the perfons fo for every per- added ; videlicet^ two pence for each calendar month that (hall bo Ton added, unexpired of the year for . which his or her compofition was during the made, for each ana every perfon fo added; and in like manner cx^red^erm hfts he delivered,, and compofitions made accordingly S^uch year. CVCI7 Ycar> and that the monies arifing by the faid compofitions Compofitions (hall be applied in fuch manner, and for fuch purpofes, as the to be applied duties granted by the faid alt were thereby directed to be appli-

Other ^artsof ed: an<*	P2Xts °^	®“d a& (not hereby altered) relating to

the reatecUtt the compofitions thereby authorized to be made for the faid du-relating to ty, and alfo to the perfons compounding in purfuance of the compofitions, power thereby given, and for preventing and punching all fraud* continued in wjth refpClt to the faid compofitions, and for fecuring the faid orce*	duty, (hall take effelt, and be in full force, applied, and put in

execution, with refpelt to the compofition hereby allowed to be

made.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*3

*7^4*1 Anno quafto Georgii III. C.7.

made, and to all perfons compounding under the authority of this a&, and for preventing and puni(hing all frauds in relation thereto, and for fecuring the faid duty, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch parts of the faid a<ft were herein fpccially repeated, re-ena<Sted, and applied to this prefent sd.	/

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aferefaid, Makers of That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven cyder at other hundred and fixty four, all and every perfon and perfons, not preffes than being a compounder or cpmpounders, who (hall intend to make own*not any cyder or perry at or with any mill, prefs, or other utenfil ^uifders^are Vrhatioever, not being the property of fuch perfon or perfons, to enter their but of any other perfoti or perfons, whether compounding or not names at tjie compounding for the faid duty, (hall, ten days at the lead be- next office of fore he, (he, or they (hall begin to make cyder or perry, make iontio^* a true and particular entry in writing, at the office of excife next iuch making 3 to the place where fuch cyder or perry (hall be intended to be

made, of his, her, or their refpeCtive name or names; and of together with every mill, prefs, and other utenfil fo intended to be employed;the m|lb#and and of the name or names of the owner or owners thereof; and alfo of every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, cellar, or other place where- cellars or in fuch maker or makers intend to lay or keep fuch cyder or ftorehoufe* perry: and if any fuch maker or makers (hall make ufe of any for keeping other mill, prefs, utenfil, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, cellar, or other pen^tyof* place whatfoever, either for the making, laying, or keeping, any their ufing cyder or perry, without having made (uch entry as aforefaid, or any unentered an entry thereof, in purfuance of the faid former aft, he, (he, or mill, ftore-they (hall refpeCtively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty five houfe,*c#*5,0 pounds for every fuch offence: and all and every the officers of Officen to excife (hall, at all times in the day-time, be permitted, upon their ha*c acr requeft, to enter the millhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, cellar, and miUs°ftore-all other places whatfoever ufed by any fuch maker or makers as houfes, &c. in aforefaid, either for the making, laying, or keeping of cyder or the day-time, perry, of which notice (hall or ought to have been given in pursuance of this a<ft; and to gauge and take an account of all the to gauge the cyder or perry which (hall be there found, and (hall	ms^e	and

make return or report in writing to the refpedive commiffioners report the of excife in Great Britain, or fuch other perfon or perfons as they charge,

(hall refpedtively appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copy leaving a co« of fuch report in writing under his or their hand or hands, with or for fuch maker or makers of cyder or perry; and fuch report * or return of the faid officer or officers (hall be a charge upon w^0 ^ t0 ply fuch maker or makers of cyder or perry; and the amount of the the duty sic/ duties thereby charged (hall be paid by fuch maker or makers cording to xefpeftively, within fuch time as is by this a<ft appointed. fuch c"ar^0-

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- Proprietors of rity aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, cyder mills, no owner or proprietor whatfoever of any mill, prefs, or other &c. fo lent Utenfil for the making of cyder or perry, which (hall be let out

or lent to any other perfon for the purpofe of making cyder or thereof, peny, (haH be obliged to give any notice of the jetting or lend-"	ing

Digitized by

Google

I*

Where the compounder intends to fell or difpofe of cyder. See.

the officer is to deliver to him blank certificates and counterparts for the purpofej

Anno quarto Georqh HI. 0*7.	(1764,2

fng fach mill, prefs, or other utenfil, or of the making cyder or' perry therewith, by the perfon to whom the fame (hall be fo let or lent; any thing m the laid former a# contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V. And, for the better accommodation of fuch makers of cy«* der or perry, who (hall compound for the duty on cyder and perry granted by the faid recited^ a&; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of .	July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, when any fueft

frbm thVmill ma^er intend to fell or difpofe of any cyder or perry imme-1 diately from the mill pound’s mouth, -or place where the fame fhall be made, the officer of excife of the divifion or place wher£ fuch makers (hall refute* (hall, and he is hereby required, dur-ing the time of making cyder or perry only, and at no other time, to deliver to, and leave with fetch maker, if demanded* in writing, a fufficient quantity of blank certificates, numbered one, two, three, and fo on in an arithmetical progreiDon, to be to be filled up filled up by fuch maker, and fubferibed by him or her, who fhall opcafionally j exprefs in each of the faid certificates that fhall be felted up, th^ exadt number of gallons of cyder or perry intended to be fent therewith, and the number of calks or package containing thef fame, and the place to which, and the name and place of abode of. the perfons to whom, fuch cyder or perry is to be fent, and the time when fuch certificate is felted up; which certificate (pro-* vided it accompanies the quantity of cyder or perry mentioned therein) fhall be a fufficient protection for the removal of fuel? cyder or perry, immediately from the mill pound’s mouth, or place where the fame fhall be made; and that the officer of excife, at the fame time that he delivers any quantity of blank certificates to any fuch maker as aforefaid, (hall alfo deliver to fuch maker a like quantity of blank counterparts of fuch certificates, bearing the fame numbers with the certificates; and fuch part to be fil- maker is hereby required, whenever he fills up the blanks of any led up and certificate for the removal of cyder or perry, as aforefaid, at the fametimethC ^anae ^me *° ^ up and fubferibe the blanks of the counterpart with the cer- thereof, in all particulars agreeable to the certificate; and fuch tificate; and maker fhall, at the time of the delivery of the faid blank certi-tob« turned ficates and counterparts, give a receipt to the officer of excife, Receipt te be Steering the fame, acknowledging that he or (he hath received fiver) for the fo many blank certificates and the counterparts thereof numbered as aforefaid; which counterparts fo filled up fhall be returned by fuch maker to the refpedfive officer of excife whenever he fhall require the fame; and foch maker (hall then alfo (hew to the officer all the certificates and counterparts not ufed or filled notufe^to be UP>to t^c cn<* ^^er may then know what number of certificates have been filled up; and fuch maker (hall, at the refpec-tive times when he or (he fhall deliver up fuch counterparts fo filled up, from time to time declare upon oath (or affirmation if a quaker) to be adminiftered by the fupervifor of excife of the divifion or diftridl where fuch maker refides, that the feveral quantities of cyder and perry specified in the feveral counter-

pails

which (hall protett the removal of mch cyder.

The counter-

given for the certificates.

The certificates and counteiyarts not ufed, t produced when called for.

The quantities fold, &c. and certified for, to be verified on oath*

Digitized by LjOOQle

*5

1764-] Anno quarto Georgii III# c. 7.

parts fo directed to be delivered up, contain the whole quantities of cyder and perry which he or (he (hall have fold or dif-» pofed of, from his or her mill pound’s mouth, or place where the fame was made: and the refpedtfVe officers of excife within Returns to be their feveral divifions are hereby required, from time to time, made, and from the feveral counterparts of fuch certificates fo filled up, edutl”cJl fwom to, and delivered as aforefaid, to make returns or reports counterparts, in writing, of the feveral quantities of cyder and perry fold or difoofed of as aforefaid by evety fuch maker refpeAively, to the ieipedive commiflioners of excife in Great Britain, or fuch other perfon or perfons as they (hall refpedtively appoint to receive the fame, leaving true copies of fuch report in writing, under his or Copy to be their hand or hands, with or for fuch refpedfcive maker; and fuch left with the returns or reports of the faid officer or officers, (hall be the makcr» charges upon fuch refpetftive makers of cyder or perry; and the who is to pay amount of the duties thereby charged, (nail be paid refpe&ive- the duty ac-ly by fuch makers to the re(pe<ftive colfedfcors.of excife, within vrhofe collection filch makers (hall dwell and inhabit, or to fuch m<>mhi from other perfon or perfons as the faid refpedtive commiflioners of thence, excife (hall refpcctively appoint to receive the fame, within the fpaceof fix calendar months, to be computed from the time of making fuch charge: and if any fuch maker of cyder or perry Maker not (hall negleCt or rerafe to deliver to the officer of excife, when re- complying

3uir«d, all the counterparts of certificates then filled up, or to eclare upon oath or affirmation as aforefaid, or to (hew to the being guilty of Officer all the certificates and counterparts not ufed or filled up, any fraud, dr (hall fell or difpcfe of more cyder or perry from the mill pound’s mouth or place of making, than is mentioned in fuch counterparts fo delivered up, or (hall fraudulently infert in the blank of either counterpart or certificate, a greater or lefs quantity of cyder or perry than is really fent with fuch certificate; every fuen maker offending in any of the faid cafes, for every to forfeit 25U fuch offence (hall refpeftively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty five pounds; and that no certificate to fie filled up by any fuch Certificates^* maker, (hall be in force for the removal of cyder or perry im- removal of cy-mediately from the mill pound’s mouth or place of making, der from the but between the firft day of September and the thirty firft day of J^ce^butVe1-December, in each year; and that every fuch maker (hall, every tween 1 Sept, year, within ten days next after the thirty firft day of December Sc 31 Dec. in each year, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the officer of ^arI7# ^ excife of the divifion or place where he or (he refides, all the fatesand*" blank certificates and counterparts thereof which have not been counterparts filled up by fuch maker; and if any fuch maker of cyder pr per- to be deliver-rvftul I nettled or refufe, by the fpace of ten days next after the ed WItj_hm thirty firft day of December, in any year, to deliver, or caufe to 10 days aUer>

be delivered, to the proper officer of excife, all the blank certificates and counterparts thereof whidh have not been filled up	. -

by fiich maker, every fuch maker (hall, for every fuch offence	™ r

rtfpe&ively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty five pounds.

Vi. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Penalty ofob-That if| from and after the faid fifth day of Jufy> any perfon or knitting an

j

officer in his P€r' duty 50I.

Digitized by

iS

Officers not doing their duty in any of the premiss.

fqrfeit 40s.

Recovery and efifpoOtion of the penalties.

General ifliie.

Treble cofts.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 8;	f 1764^

perfons whatfoe ver (hall aflault, oppofe, nloleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife in the due execution of any of the powers or authorities given and granted by this ad; all and every the party or parties fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence refpedively, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any officer of excife (hall renjfe or wilfully negled to leave a true copy of his report in writing, with the maker or makers of cyder and perry, as this or the faid former ad dired, or to grant a certificate for the removal of any cyder or perry, upon reafonable requeft made for that purpofe; or if any maker of cyder and perry authorized and impowered by this prefent ad to compound and agree for and in lieu of the duty granted by the faid former ad, mail offer to make fuch compoution and agreement, and if fuch officer of excife, (hall refufe or wilfully negled to accept fuch compofition and agreement as this prefent addireds; every fuch officer of excife fo refuting or wilfully negleding, (hall, for each refufal or negled, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; which forfeiture and penalty (hall and may be fued for, levied, recovered, and applied, in like manner as the other forfeitures and penalties impofed by this or the faid former ad, may be fued for, levied, recovered, and applied.

VHI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral penalties impofed by this ad, (hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, and difpofed of, by the fame ways, means, and methods, and in the fame proportions as any penalty impofed by the faid recited ad may be fued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, or difpofed of.

IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance of or by colour of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffiie, and give this ad, and the fpe-cial matter, in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdid (hall paf? for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or judgment (hall be given againft him or them upon demurrer, or otherwife; theh fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble coffs awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Preamble.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for the regulation of bis Majefifs marine farces while

on Jhore.

WHEREAS it may be neetjjary for the fafety of this king-dom> and the defence of the poffefflons of the crown of Great Britain, that a body of marine forces Jhould be employed in his Maje--fly's fleet and naval Jervict, under the direction of the lord high admiral, or commijfioners for executing the qffice of lord high admiral of

Great

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764-]	Anno quarto G£ORGii III. c. 8.

Great Britain : and whereas the jaid marine forces may frequently f be quartered on /bore, where they will not be fubjeft to the laws relating to the government of bis Majefty's forces by fea \ yet neverthelefs, it being requifite for the retaining of fuch forces in their duty, that an exafl difcipline be obferved, and that marines who Jhall mutiny, or fir up /edition, or Jhall defert his Majefty's fervice, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punijbment than the law will allows beitena&ed by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and “with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from

And after 25 March, 1764, during the continuance of this aft, every marine officer and private man on fhore, who (hall mutiny or defert, &c. or . lift in any other regiment, &c. or (hall be found (leeping on, or (hall defert his poft^or hold illegal correfpondence with the enemies of his Majefty, or (hall (trike, or difobey his fuperior officer, fhall differ death, or fuch punifhment as a court martial (hall inflift.—The lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing that office, may grant a commiflion to hold general courts-martial, &c.—Courts-martiafmay inflift Corporal

ppnifhment for immoralities, &c.----Lords, &c. of the admiralty im-

powered to make articles for puniffiment of mutiny and defertion. See. and to constitute courts-martial.—-None to be adjudged of life or limb,

but for crimes expreffed to be fo punifhable by this aft.-General court-

martial not to confift of lefs than 13} ana the prefident to be a field-officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captains may adminifter an oath to witneiles. Officers to be iwom. The oaths.

----Fiftitious "names allowed by his Majefty's order upon the mufter-rolls,

for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be conftrued a falfe matter. Paymafter to pay the full pay of fuch men to the receiver.—Conftables, kc. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehoufes, Sec. but in no diftil-lers houfes or fhopkeepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this aft, Scc. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftices, and be relieved.—' Officers and marines to be furnifhed at the rates herein fet tor their provi-

fions.---What inn-holders may allow men quartered on them, inttead o£

meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering. ----Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Conftables to billet the fame accordingly.-No paymafter. Sec. to make de-

ductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to inn-keepers of fubfittence money m their hands. Rates of fub-fiftence to be paid to inn-keepers. Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of fubfittence money, and paying auarters, paymafter to fa-nsfy them out of the company’s next pay, ana officer to be cafhiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Scc. Paymafter to pay the fum certified for.--Of-

ficers, See. to t>e quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union

direft.--Juftices to order conftables to provide carriages for the marine

forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty oq conftables, &c. negleft. —- Treafurers of the county to repay the conftables extraordinary charges. The money for thofe purpofes how to be raifed. —• No waggon, Sec. to cany above 20 hundred weight. —Carriages ill Scotland how to be provided. — Marines wives, &c. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty on officers and marines deftroying the game. Con-ftablei may apprehend deferters, and carry them before a juftice. Juftices to commit them, and tranfmit an account to the fecretarv of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the fubfittence of deferters. Reward for taking up deferters.—Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes,&c.—This aft toextertdto deferters, Sec. in Ireland.—Continuance of this aft.—Offences againtt former afts may be enquired of' and ponifhed VO L. XXVI.	C	as



Digitized by i^ooQie

»8.	' AttnoqoartarGEORGH III. c. 9.	[1764.;

ft$ tinder this a£t, pro vided no perfdn be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before ifluine the warrant for trial, except in cafes of de-fertion only. No volunteei liable to procefs, unlefs for fomecriminal matter, or unlefs tor a real debt of the value of 10I. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs 5 otherwife prifoner to be difchargcd with coifs. —— Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance; and proceed to judgment and

execution----Penalty on conftables, &c. negle&ing to quarter marines. #

Penaltv on taking money to excule any perfon from quartering, and on victuallers refufmg to receive marines. —To prevent abufes in quartering, juRices may order conftables to give an account of the number o£

officers, and private men, and where quartered.-Claufe for relief of .

perfons haftily lilting themfelves.-As often as it (hall be neceflary, of-

ficers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the feniority of theircoramiflions.-— Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any (hips of war, are liable to be governed by tne rules eftablilhed by aCt is Geo. II.

CAP. IX,

An aft for repealing the duties now payable upon lever fins imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof ; and for granting certain duties upon the exportation of lever fins and lever wool \ and for taking off the drawback allowed on the exportation of fucb fins.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS the duties now payable upon the importation of V V lever fins, and the drawback allowed upon the exportation of fuch ffinSy are great difcouragements to the manufacture of hats in this kingdom; therefore we, your Maje/iyys mofl dutiful and loyal fubjeftsy the commons of Great Britain, being defirous to promote and encourage the manufactures of this kingdom, do mo ft humbly befeech your Majejly that it may be enafted \ and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent raajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That 176^the jbr fr°m an^ a^ter *he feventh day of April, which (hall be in the merdutie* " year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four* payable upon the feveral rates, duties, fubfidies, and impositions payable up-bever (kins on the importation of bever fkrns, imported into Great Britain ceafe1^*t0 ^om any kis Majefty’s dominions in America, (hall ceafe,

’	determine,	and	be	no	longer paid,

and other du- II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ties to be paid from and after the faid feventh day of April, the following du-ilJ.l,^2therc’ ties (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,. that ° % yiZt is to fay,

* For every bever (kin imported into Great Britain from any of his Majefty’s dominions in Americay the fum of one penny \ and

For every bever (kin, or piece of bever (kin, exported from Great Britain y the fum of feven pence ; and

For every pound weight averdupoife of bever wool or wombs exported from Great Britain, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence.

. III. And

t

Digitized by UooQle

4-]	Afino	quarto	Georgii III. c. ioi	*9

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority* aforefaid, 'f'h&t The new du-

the feveral duties and impdiitions by this acl granted, (hall be ties t° be paid, laid, levied, colle&ed, paid, and applied, in fuch manner, and j!£c former *** for the fame purpofes, as the feveral rates and duties by this	1

ad repealed as aforefaid, and now refpe&iveiy raifed, levied, collected, and paid, and applied: and ail the provifions of or the P£°-itk every a6t or law now in force for raifing, levying, collecting, me^a^ls paying, and applying the duties and impofitions hereby repealed fpeaing the* as aforefaid, (hall be ih fuU force, and fhall be put in execution, fame, to be in for raifing, levying, collefting, paying, and applying, the du- forte, and exties and impofitions by this a6t granted, as fully and effectually, ^"ties of°thi» to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid provifions were partUa#. cularly repeated and re-ena<5ted in the body of this prefent a61.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-	al-

tity aforefaid. That from and after the faid feventh day of April, lowed on the fio drawback fhall be allowed on the exportation of any bever exportation of fkin frortl Great Britain,	*'	beverlkins.

CAP. X.

yin aS for the more eafy difebarge of recognizances ejlreated into bis Majeftfs court of Exchequer.

WHEREAS many recognizances have been ejlreated Into his Preamble.

Majejlfs court of Exchequer, againjl perfons for not appearing as parties orwitnejfes in his Majejlys courts of record at We(l-tninfter, or at the affixes and general quarter fejfons, or other courts cj record in that part of Great Britain called Tngland, or for not profecuting indictments there, or otherwife not performing the conditions in fuch recognizances contained; many of which negleds of duty have happened by the inattention of ignorant people, J'ome of whom are imprifoned, and a great number of others liable to be fo, by the procefs conjlantly ijfued againft them out of the courts of Exchequer* and directed to the Jherijfs, though no other profecution be fubftjling but merely for fuch forfeitures of their recognizances, from which there art no eafy means at prefent, for poor perfons efpecially, to procure any difebarge: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this After i May, prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, r764-» the ba-' That from and after the fifth day or May, one thoufand feven£?ns °*the hundred and fixty four, it fhall be lawful for the barons of his ^^credto Majefty’s court of Exchequer, upon affidavit and petition to be difchaYge, up-prelented to them by or on the behalf of the perfon or perfons im- on affidavit prifoned, or liable to be imprifoned, on the forfeiture of any an<| pct^n* fuch recognizances, to difeharge fuch perfon or perfons, by or- fuc^ dcr from the faid batons, without any quietus to be fued out recognizances for that purpofe; for which order no more than one pound and of perfons one fhilling (hall be taken by the officer appointed to give out e^reiite^ ,nt0 the fame: provided that no difeharge {hall be given on fuch pe- ^eer.xc c* titions where any debt is due.to the crown, other than by the foe payable recognizances fo prayed to be difeharged; nor in any cafes of upon iuch or-defrauding his Majcfty’s revenue by contraband frade, or affault- d«r» J

C 2	in£	the crown |

Digitized by

Google

officers of the revenue 5 excepted.

20	Anno	quarto Georgii III. c. n. [1764J;

cafes of fraudsing his Majefty’s officers of tfte cuftoms or excife in the execu~ frade”traband t*on t^ie*r duty> or mY Perf°n or P^rfons lawfully* aflifting thenv and affaulting therein.

CAP. XI.

An a8 for continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to Bririfh fail clothy and to the duties payable on foreign fail clotby and to the allowance upon the exportation of Britifti made gunpowder, and for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval fores from the Britilh colonies in America.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned are found to be very ufeful and beneficialy and are near expiring \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-irhiting to ^ thority °f the fame, That an adt made in the ninth year of the Britiffi fail reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An doth, See, aft for further encouraging arid regulating the manufacture of Bri-tifli faitclotby and for the more effectual Tecuring the duties now payable on foreign Jail cloth imported into this kingdomy which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of Juney one thou-fand feven hundred and thirty lix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and which, by feveral fubfequent adts made in the thirteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty firft, years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth dav of Septembery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty tour, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Aft 4 Geo. II. II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforqfaid,That relating to the an adt made in the fourth year ox the reign of his late majefty aUoT^ncc UP^ King George the Second, intituled. An aCt for granting an allow-tation of Bri" ance uPon exPortation of Britifti made gunpowder, which was to tifti made continue in force for five years from the twenty fourth day of gunpowder, Juney one thoufand feven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent adts made in the tenth, fixteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty firft, years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to furtherconti- the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and nued to 29 the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration there-P1,17710 of, until the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

III. And

further continued to »jr Sept. 1771.

Digitized by v^ooQle

j;64.J Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 12.	21

III; And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, So much of That fo much of an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of * Gto-King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for giving further en- Jhe7mtK)m. mragement for the importation of naval fores, and for other pur- tion otwood, pofes therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of wood and timber, and timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, therein par- lum^r, from ticularly enumerated, from any of his Majefty’s Britijh planta- plantations in tions or colonies in America, free from all cuftoms and impofi- America, dons whatfoever 5 which was to be in force for twenty one years, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; and which, by feveral fubfequent adts made in the (ixteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty firft, years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the further conti-fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, nuedto^Sep. until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XII.

An aft to continue feveral laws for the better regulating of pilots for the condufting of Jbips and vejfels from Dover,

Deal, and Ifle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway-, relating to the landing of rum or fpirits of the firitifh Jugar plantations before the duties of excife are paid tbereon\ and to the futtber punijhment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife; and to the relief of the officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures •, and for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majefty*s fugar colonies, dire ftly into foreign parts, in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for punifhing perfons who Jhall damage or deftroy any banks, flood gates, Jluicesy or other works, belonging to the rivers and ftreams made navigable by aft of parliament.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have, by expe-preamble.

rience, been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and he it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of A& 3 Geo. I. the fame, That an adt made in the third year of the reign of King for regulating George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the better regulating ofpilotsfor	p	£

the condufting of Jbips and vejfels from Dover, Deal, and the Ifle ver>	up *

of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway, which was the Thame*

C 3	to	and	Medwayj

Digitized by

Google

2#	Anno	quarto Georgii III. Q*i2;	^1764^

tp continue in force for fcven years, and from thence to the end and clanPe in of the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and alfo a. aft 7. Geo. I. cJaufe for further regulating the pilots of £>overy Deal) and tho toi* further re- jfe 0f Thanet% in an aft patted in the feventh year of his faid pilots of Do- Majefty’s re*g^ which was to be in force during the continuer, Deal, and ancc °f fhe faid aft of the third year of his faid Majefty’s. reign 5, TJlwnet, &c. which faid aft, together with the faid clapfe, were, by feveral fubfcquent afts, made in the tenth year of his faid Majefty’* reign, and of the eighth and twenty third years of the reign of* his late majefty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufeod feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame are hereby further M h - 8 continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day m >	Marche	one	thoufand feven hundred and feventy. eight, and

from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II. And be it further enafted hv the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an aft made in the fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Georgethe Second, intituled. An aft to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or /pints of

further continued to 25

So much of aft 15 & it Geo. II. as relates to the landing of

rum or (pints, the Britifti fugar plantation1, to land the fame before payment of the of the Briti(h duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes tionY, ^before a* *^e*r own £XP*™e * an(* far the relief of Kalph Barrow, duties paid, refpeft to the duty oh fame rock fait, lojl by the overflowing of the nsvers Weaver and Dane; as relates to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Brit fa fugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife, and to the lodging of the fame in warehoufes at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof; which wa9 to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by an aft made in the twenty third year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by an aft made in the thirty firft year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the further conti- enc* °f the then next feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the nued to 19 fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof un-i?7x* til the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

So much of HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, as* cfaPsm** That fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign peribns^goiog his *atc majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft far armed or dii- the further punijhment of perfons going armed or difguifed in defiance. guifeej in de- of the laws of cujloms or excife ; and far indemnifying offenders a-faw'C of &awfi thofa tow* upon the terms therein mentioned; and for relief of ftomsYndYx- officers of the cq/loms in informations upon feizures $ as relates to the eke:	further

j^4*3	ArmoqUarts) Gf.ORGUIII. c. 12.	23

further punifhment of perfons going armed or difguifed in de- and to the refiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife, and to the relief of of- hef of officers fleers of the cuftpip.s in informations upon feizures; which adt °n [nforma-1118 was to continue in force for the fpace of feven years, and from tions upon thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, feizures $ by feveral Iubfequent adts, made in the twenty lixth and thirty fecond years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the fa ate is hereby further conti-further continued from the expiration there6f until the twenty nuedto29 ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy SePt# *77*« one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.	,

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That an adl made in the twelfth year of the reign of his fate

majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for granting A&iiGeo.II. a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of granting Ii-any of bis Majeffs fugar colonies in America, from the faid colo- fal^of theT nies directly to foreign parts, in Jhips built /‘//Great Britain, and na- growth of the vigated according to law; which was to continue in force for five Kririih planta-years from the twenty ninth day of September, onethoufand fe- tions in Ame-ven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of rhe	y

then next feffion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfe- parts> &c# qtient ails made in the feventeenth, twenty fourth, and thjrty firft years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament 5 (hall be, and the fame is hereby	e*Q ^ontl*

further continued, from the expiration,thereof, until the twenty Sept. l7*\m ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.	,	.

V.	And whereas the law9 now in being are-not fufficient for the prefervation of the banks, flood-gates, fluices; and ortier works, belonging to rivers and ftreams made navigable by adl of parliament, and for the maintaining the navigation of fuch

rivers and ftreams; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority a- Perfons who forefaid. That from and after the paffing of this a<5l, if any per- ^a,1tfaa|^se fon or perfons fhall wilfully or malicioully break, throw down, flood-gate^ damage, or deftroy, any batiks, flood-gates, fluices, or other or other works, or open or draw up any flood-gate or flood-gates, or do works belong-any other wilful hurt or mifchief to any fuch navigation, fo as to obftruft, hinder, or prevent, the carrying on, Compleating, vigahle by^lst fupporting, or maintaining, fuch navigation ; every fuch perfon of parliament, or perfons fhall be adjudged guilty of felony ; and the court be- (hail be ad-fore whom fuch perfon or perfons fhall be tried and c©nvi<fted, ^u^^ngullty fhall and hereby have power and authority to order fuch perfon and^e'tranf-or perfons to be tranfported for feven years.	ported for 7

years.

C4	CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQie

2+

Preamble.

Anno quarto Georgii IJL c. 13.	J47647

CAP. XIII.	/

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum bf money out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one • thoufand Jeven hundred and fixty four *, and for preventing* in certain cafes, the obtaining of allowances in refpeft of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdotp r<*ndfor making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed-

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majeftyfs moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, tn parliament ajfembled, towards raiftng the necejjary fupplies which we have cheat fully granted to your Majefty in this fiffton of parliament, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the fum herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

Towards railing the fupplies granted, there may be iflued out of the finking fund a fum not exceeding *,000,0001.  -«■— Claufe of loan for raifing

the aforefaid fum of *,©00,0001.----Tallies of loan may be (truck for tb£

fame. Orders to be regiftred, and paid in coUrfc. No fee to be paid for regiftring, &c* Penalty of undue preference j how to be recovered.— It (hall be deemed noundue preference, where tallies are dated, or brought

the fame day;------nor if fubfequent orders be paid before fuch as were

not demanded in courfe. — Orders aflignable toties quoties.------Com-

mifiioners of the treafury, if they (hall think it more advifeable to raife the faid fum, or any part thereof, by Exchequer bills, may make out any number of new Exchequer bills for toe fame, in like manner and form as

is preferibed by the malt aft of this feflion.---Claufes in the faid aft

relating to Exchequer bills, extended to thole to be made out in purftt-ance of this aft. ■■■■-The faid bills, intereft, premium, and charges,

payable out of the finking fund.------The bank impowered to advance,

on the faid credit of loan, any fum or fums, not exceeding 1,000,0001, the aft J&6W-&M. notwithftanding. —------------  Claufe	of	relief	tor Ex-

chequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders. See. loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

XI. And whereas by the eighth rule annexed to the book of rates referred to in the aft of tonnage and poundage, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, every merchant bringing in any fort of wines into this kingdom by way of merchandize, and making due entries thereof, is allowed twelve per cent, for leakage: and whereas it is of late years become a praftice forfeveral merchants to lodgeSpani/b, Portugal, and other wines at the iflands of Guernfey and Jerfey, and after they have filled up the calks there, to import fuch wines into this kingdom, and demand the before mentioned allowances for leakage, notwithftanding the calks are quite full $ to the leffen-

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^4-1	Annb quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

ing of his Majefty’s revenue, and the prejudice of other mcr-> chants who irnport wines direftly from the place of therr growth: for remedy whereof, and in orcler to put all merchants upon a The former more equal footing; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, allowance of That from and after the firft day of May, one thou (arid feven lor leakawT1* hundred and fixty four, no merchant (hall be allowed twelve per upon win** centum, or have any allowance for leakage upon any wine im-'imported, ported into this kingdom, unlefs fuch wine be imported diredlly taken off, with from the country or place of the growth of the faid wine, or the fuchwines^ ufual port or place of its firft (hipping, except only Madeira (hall not be wines imported into this kingdom from any of the Britifh co- imported di-lonies or plantations in America, or from the Eaji Indies; any reftlyiromthe thing in the faid recited rule, or any law, cuftom, or ufage to ar^th \ ** the contrary notwithftanding.	Madeira wines

CAP. XIV.	excepted-

An a£? for the better regulating of buildings •, and to prevent mfehiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

WHEREAS fo much of the alt, pajfed in the eleventh year Preamble, re-of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firjl, inti- citing daufe Udtd, An adt for the better regulating of buildings ; and to pre- in 11 Geo« vent mifehiefs that may happen .by fire within the weekly bills of I# mortality, and other places therein mentioned , as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls, between houfe and houfe, is confined to cafes where one of the houfes is to be ere fled or built; and it may happen that party wails within the faid city and liberty of*Weftminfter, and the parijbes, precinfff, and places com-frifed within the weekly bills of mortality, and within the feveral parijbes of Saint Mary Le Bone, and Paddington, and within the farijbes of Chelfea, and Saint Pancras, or either of them, in the county of Middlefex (except the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and alfo, except houfes on London Bridge, and on the river of Thames below bridge) may be fo far out of repair, as to render it ntcejfary to pull down and rebuild the fame, although neither of the adjoining houfes, to which fuch party walls belong, require to oe rebuilt; and it may happen, that party walls, within the limits aforefaid, may be fo far defective and bad, by falling out of the perpendicular, as to become unfafe for the builder of the next adjoining houfe to reft timbers thereupon, or oblige fuch builder to run or place bis timbers quite through fuch defective party walls, in order to prefers their juft lengths, whereby fire may be more readily communicated from houfe to houfe, contrary to the intent of the faid aCi.: and whereas the workmen appointed, by virtue of the faid recited act, to examine party walls, are often equally divided in opinion about the neceffity of pulling down and rebuilding fuch party walls, whereby a certificate from the major part of fuch workmen, as by the faid recited all is required, cannot be obtained, and the purpofes of the faid all, in many inftanefs, have been evaded; wherefore, may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enadted ;	.

and

Digitized by v^.ooQle

0$	Anno qunto Q$OKGU III, 14.'	[1764^

^nd-be it ^naltcd by the King’s mod excellent m^e^y, by an4 with the advice and coqfent or tjie lords fpfritual and temporal, ami commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by th$ 66 much of authority of the fame. That fo.much of the faid recited alt as the recited a& relates to party walls within the faid city and liberty of IVtJi-par^awails°	or	roy	parifh,	precinlt, or place, comprifed within the

witSin the weekly bills of mortality, or within the feveral pari(hes of Sai/df city and libera Mary le Bone and Paddington, or within the parifhes of Chelfca, ty of Weft-> anti Saint Pancrasi or either of them, in the county of Middli-wtendedto fix{txce^t the city of London, aqd the liberties thereof; aqd al-fo, except the party walls of houfes on the river of Thames below bridge) (hall, from and after the pafling of this prefent alt, extend, and be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend, to all ....	*	cafes whatfoever within the faid city and liberty of Wejimnjier,

ty wJl^whel an^ t*ie feveral parifhes, precinlts, and limits aforefaid, where ther either of it is or (hall be neceffary to pull down and rebuild any party wall, whether either Of the adjoining houfes (ball or mill not be, or reauire to be, rebuilt, or new built.

IL And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the pafling of this prefent alt, in cafe the major part of the workmen appointed, in manner by the faid recited adt prefcribed, to view the party wall of my houfe or houfes within the faid city of IVeftminfter, and the ieveral pari (hes, precinlts, and limits aforefaid, intended to be pulled down, (nail not, within the fpace of one calendar month next any party wall after fuch appointment, lign a certificate in writing, as by the to be pulled laid adt is required; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majefty’s ju-fticcs of the peace for the city or county, refiding within or near the parifh, liberty, or precindt, where the houfe or houfes, having fuch party wall or walls intended to be pulled down, (hall (land, and fuch two or more juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon application to them, for that purpofe, made, by the owner or occupier of either of the houfes between whicn

all cafes, where neceffary to pull down and re-

the adjoining houfes (hall be to be rebuilt or not. Where a majority of the workmen, appointed in purfuance of the recited a& to view

down, (hall not fign a certificate, as required,

Two neighbouring juftices, upon application, may name

anther, to be the party wall, fo propofed to be pulled down, (hall be, toname them*0	an<* aPP°*nt one °ther able workman, to be added to the work-

*	men appointed by virtue or in purluance of the faid recited a It;

and the workmen fo appointed by virtue and in purfuance of the faid former alt, and of this prefent alt, or the major part of them who (hall meet for that purpofe (ten days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling houfe of, each and every of them, of fuch intended meeting) mall view the party wall fo and the majo- propofed to be pulled down ; and in cafe the major part of fuch nty then a- workmen, (hall certify in writing, under their hands, that fuch rcpon^of1 fuch Party wall *s defeltive and bad, and ought to be pulled down, wall being de- then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feflive, the owner or occupier of either of the faid adjoining houfes, to caufe bc fuch party wail to be pulled down and rebuilt; and he or (he andrcbuik1*	bave	remecty	f°r	recovering	a	moiety	of	the	expences

and a moiety thereof, as in and by the (aid recited alt is given or provided ; of the expen-	fubjelt

Digitized by LjOOQle '

Anno quarto Georgn III. c. *4#'	%j

fiityeft ncverthefcfs to fuch appeal to, and dettrroinattea by, ce* recovered, the juftices of the peace, as by the fame a£t is directed.	acc^dingly.

And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the fatal confer flyences of fire fpreading and communicating to adjoining houfes, within the faid city, pari flies, precin&s, and other the limits ar forefaid, if party walls between houfe and houl'e, within the fame, were to be made pf greater thicknefs than is prefcribed by the a& pafled in the feventh year of the reign pf her late ma-jefty Queen Jnne, intituled, An a# for making more effectual an Afi 7 Ann*. act made in the ftxth year of her faid Majejiyreigny for the better preventing of tmfchiefs that may iqppen by fire ; and it no timbers, except the timbers of the girders, binding joiAs, and the templet? under the fame, were laid into the party walls \ and if no tim« bars of the roof be laid into fuch party walls (except the purloins pr kerb thereof) and if the ends of the girders or binding joiAs, lying within the faid party walls, did not exceed one foot; and ft none of the ends of the girders or binding jqiAs, in adjoining houfes, met, or were laid oppofite to each other, and the fide? thereof were laid at leaA fourteen inches diAantfrom each other; and if there (hould be nine inches, at leaA, of fplid brick-work left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, and bond ifimbers, which may or (hall be laid in or upon the walls of the fore and back fronts of all houfes which (hall adjoin to each Other; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That xhickaefi for all party walls which, from and after the expiration of three the future of calendar months next after the palling of this a<S, (hall be eredted party, vails, pr built within the faid city or liberty of JVeJlminJlery and the pa* ™ Jhe^raixtt rifhes, precin&s, and limits aforefaid, fhall be two bricks and an ^oot9 jfn<j £alf thick at the leaA in the cellar, and two bricks thick upwards to from’thence the garret floor, and from thence one brick and an half thick at upwards ; and lead eighteen inches above the roofs or gutters which adjoin tp J? \Linc!1|?! filch party walls 5 and that the fame (hall be built of Aone, or ro|fs* VC pf good found burnt bricks, and none other.

III.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, No timbers to That from and after the expiration of the faid three calendar be laid into months, no timbers, except the timbers of the girders, binding the P31^ joifts, and the templets under the fame, (hall be laid into the whatare here-party walls eredted or built, or to be eredled or built, within in particularly the faid city or liberty of IVejlminJler, and the parifhes, pre- allowed, finds, and limits aforefaid; and that no timbers of the ro°fohrifved^ he laid into fuch party walls (except the purloins or kerb there* pi^ng the pf) and that the ends of girders, and binding joiAs, lying-with* ends ot the in fuch party walls, fhall not exceed nine inches; and that girders, and pone of the ends of the girders, or binding joiAs, in adjoining Joi**s * houfes, fhall meet, or be laid oppofite to each other; and that the Tides thereof fhall be, at leaA, fourteen inches diftant from each other; and that there (hall be nine inches, at leaA of folid .	..	„

brick-work left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, "nd and bond timber, which may or fhall be laid in .or upon the bond timbers, walls of the fore apd back fronts of all houfes which fhall adjoin to each Pthpr; and if any head builder, maAcr bricklayer, Builder, See.

or not conform-

Digitized by LjOoq le

2$	Anno	quarto Georgii III. C.	[iy&k

mg to theft or workman, (hall ered and build, or caufe to be ereded and dire&ions, built, any party wall within the faid city and liberty of JVefl* minfler, and the parifhes, precinds, and limits aforefaid, contra™ to the diredions, true intent, and meaning of this ad; or (nail ufe, in the building thereof, any bricks, other than ©rufmebricksgood found burnt bricks ; or (hall lay any timber in any party not duly wall ereded or built, or which (hall be ereded or built, "within burnt, tbe ^ c,ty or libertY Wejlmnfler, and the parifhes, pre-% p^-ty walls ^ c>ndls, and limits aforefaid, contrary to the diredions, true in-otherwife than tent and meaning of this ad; then fuch head builder, mafter prelcribed, bricklayer, or workman, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and to forfeit 501

* pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be equally divided, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of . 1 tbe parifli where fuch building (hall be; to be levied, by wir-by diftref^and rant un(^er tbe hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s file ;	juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods,

upon convidion upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon his or their own confeflion, rendring the and for want overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners; and, for want of of diftrefs of- fucb diftrefs, the offender (hall be imprifoned for the fpace of committed for montbs> unlefs the faid penalty (hall be fooner paid, by war-6 months; rant under the hands and feals of the faid two or more juftices, who are hereby required and impowered to iffue fuch warrant or the penalty accordingly; or that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all may be fued and every perfon and perfons whomloever, to fue for and recover all and every or any the aforefaid penalty and penalties, given, or impofed by this ad, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlmin-Jlery wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that every the perfon and perfons, fuing or profecuting for any fuch penalty or penalties, (hall, in all cafes where he or they (hall recover the fame in manner herein hft mentioned, be intitled to, and Application of (hall recover double cofts of fuit, over and above all and every the penalty, fuch penalty and penalties ; and one moiety of every fuch penalty and penalties, when recovered, (hall be immediately paid, by . the perfon or perfons recovering the fame, to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor for the time being of the pari(h, liberty, or precind, in which fuch penalty or penalties (hall a-rife, and for which fuch adion (hall be commenced, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh, liberty, or precind, and the other moiety thereof (hall be for the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall inform, fue for, and recover the fame.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no timber or timbers whatfoever (hall be laid or placed under the hearth or hearths of any room or rooms, or within nine inches of any funnel or flew of any chimney or chimnies of any houfe or houfes within the limits aforefaid; and that no timber buildings whatfoever (hall be built adjoining to any houfe or houfes, fo as the timbers thereof (hall be laid into the wall

of

tor and recovered in any the courts at Weftminfter,

with double cofts.

Rules to be oblerved with refped to hearths and chimnies;

and to timber buddings.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764-] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 14. '	39

of any fuch houfe or houfes already built, or hereafter to be Penalty of not built, within the limits aforefaid, under the penalty of fifty conforming pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, againft the work-1 crct0* 50 * man offending therein, or the inhabitant or perfon caufing fuclx building to be erected or built, in like manner as any other penalty or forfeiture is, in and by this adl, diredted to be recovered, levied, and applied.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Party walls

after any party wall pr party walls fhall be eredted or built pur- P0*to be cut fuant to the directions of this a<5t, no perfon or perfons whatfo-	by*

ever, who fhall build againft fuch party wall or party walls, adjoining fhall, on any pretence whatfoever, cut into or wound the fame, buildings, for the conveniency of making a chimney or chimnies, or for n.or/*^r any other purpofe whatfoever: i)or fhall lay into the fame any fJJJ the*2n other timbers than are allowed by this adt to be laid into new than is here’ party walls, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered allowed, againft the party or perfon offending, in the manner herein be? on penalty 0f forediredted.	;	50 L

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Builders to every mafter builder who fhall, after the firft clay of July, one fau^rlhc . thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, eredt or build any houfe ^.veyed°i within the limits above mentioned, (hall, within.fourteen days . after the fame fhall be covered in, caufe the fame to be furvey- V

ed by one or more furveyor or furveyors 5 and fuch furveyor or Surveyors to furveyors fhall make oath, before one of his Majefty’sjuftices make oath of of the peace for the faid county of Mtddlefexy or city of Weft- fhe 'minjler (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and requir- cofdine toVhe ed to adminifter) that the fame hath been (to the beftof his or directions of their judgment and belief) built and eredted agreeable to the fe- this a&. veral diredtions in this adt contained; which affidavit fhall be Oath b* filed with the clerk of the peace for the faid county of Middle- cltrk'of^the /ex, within ten days after the making thereof; and the faid clerk peace, of the peace fhall, for Vis trouble therein, be intitled to and rer His fee. ceive the fum of one fhilling, and no more: and if any ma- Builder not fter builder fhall make’default in the premiffes, by negledting	td

to caufe fuch furvey to be made, or fuch affidavit to be made 0	50

and filed as aforefaid, fuch mafter builder fhall, for every fuch ' negledt or default, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; to be recovered and applied in the fame manner, as any penalties or forfeitures are, by this adt, diredted to be recovered and applied.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pariftnoners, That the parifhioners and inhabitants of the Darifh, liberty, or&c# deemed precindt, where any offence againft this adt fhall be committed ^^efTes? (except perfons receiving alms) fhall be admitted and allowed to

be competent witnefles, notwithftanding his, her, or their being a parifhioner or parifhioners, inhabitant or inhabitants, in fuch parifh, liberty, or precindt.

VIII.	And whereas fome part or parts of houfes already pulled down, or that fhall hereafter be pulled down, in order to be rebuilt, may be fo intermixed with adjoining houfes over or under each other, in fuch manner, that a party wall or party walls,

of

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anna quarto Gfcoiuiil lit. c. 14.	11764.-

J	of brick or ftone, cannot be effectually built upon the old foun-

dations, perpendicular quite through all the dories; in order t<* prevent mifchiefs by fire, without pulling down fame part ot parts of the one, and laying the feme to the other: for pre-* venting difputes thereupon, or determining any fubfifting dif-Difputevabout putes, bert enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafe# c*^gC,iiew w^cre any difpute or controverfy hath arifen, or (hall arife, be-^ pcrpen^iciiiar tween the owner or owners of any houfe or houfes already pul-party wall* led down, or that (hall be pulled down in order tb be rebuilt* upon the old and the owner or owners of any houfe adjoining on either fide foundations, t0 fuch houfe or houfes. Within the faid city or liberty of

minfler, and the parifhes, precihCts, and limits aforefaid, con-honfet inter- cefning any part or parts thereof intermixed over or under each mix,	other, in luch manner that a party wall or party walls of bricfc

Or (tone cannot" be effectually built upon the old foundations^

. perpendicular quite through all the ftories of the faid houfe of houfes, in order tb prevent mifchiefs by fire, without pulling . down feme part or parts of one or more of the faid adjoining feoufes, and laying fome part dr parts of one or more of the faid <■	: adjoining houfe or houfes or ground to the other Of Others there^

6f, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace, in the general or quarter fe(fions to be holden for the (aid city and liberty of llrc(lminjltr\ or the county of Middlcfex, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon application made tb them by the perfon or perfons defirous to pull down or rebuild any houfe or houfes as aforefaid, to examine into fuch difputb or controverfy, and afcertain the property, and fix the value, of what may be found neceflary to be wanted for ereCling perpen-ie order dicular party walls Upon the old foundations as aforefaid ; and for upon that purpofe, to iflue their order to the (heriffs or bailiffs, or other proper officer of the city or county wherein any fuch difpute or controverfy hath arifen or (hall arife, to fumtnon a jury tb view the premifles, try the fads, and fix the value of any damages that may arife, on their verdict; and, upon filch verdiCf, the faid jufticeS (hall and may, and are hereby authorized and required to make fuCh order of ofders in the feid premiss as they, in their difcretions, (hall think to be juft and reafonable $ and the determinations of the faid juftices (hall be final and con-clufive to all parties, without any appeal ffofn the fame.

IX.	And, for the better preventing mifchiefs that may happen by fire, and to deter and hinder ill-minded peffons from wilfully fetting their houfe or houfes, or other buildings, on fife, with a view of gaining to themfelves the infurance money. Cafes, where- whereby the lives and fortunes of many families arc loft ; be it in infurance further enaCled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and offices may *xfiay lawful to and for the refpeCtive governors or director's infurance mo-	^evera^ infurance offices, within the cities of London and

ney, towards \Weftminfler9 for infuring houfes and other buildings againft lofles rebuilding, by fire, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the &c. houfes application and requeft of any perfon of perfons interefted in, or damnified by *nt,tkd unt0> any houfe or houfes, <St Other buildings, With’n fire.

are to bore-ferred to the juftices at their quarter Tedious, who are to fummon a ju ry to fixthe value ; and the made filch verdiCt.

the

Digitized by

Google

1764O Anno quarto Geokoii-III. c. 14.	gt

the limit* by this ad preferibed, which hereafter (hall or taay be burnt down, demolilhed, or damnified by fire; or upon any grounds of fufpicion that the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, or other perfon or perfons who (hall have infured fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, have been guilty of fraud, or of wilfully Yetting their houfe or houfes, or other buildings, * on fire; to caufe the infurance money to be laid out and expended, as far as the fame will go, towards rebuilding, retaliating, or repairing fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings* fo burnt down, demolilhed, or damnified by fire; unlefs the party	t

or parties claiming fiach infurance money fhall, within fixty days next after fuch claim (hall be adjufted, give a'fufficient fecurity to the governors or directors of the infurance office where fuch * houfe or houfes, or other buildings, are infured, that the fame* infurance money (hall be fo laid out and expended as aforefaid ? or unlefs the faid infurance money (hall be in that time fettled and difpofed of to and amongft all the contending parties*, to the fatisfiadion and approbation of fuch governors or directors of	T

fuch infurance offices refpedively.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Orders of fu-That'no order which (hall be made by any juftiee or juftices of ftices not lia-the peace, by virtue of or under this ad, or any other proceed- ble to be r irtgs to be had touching the convidion or convidions of atiy quafbed f°F offender or offenders againft this ad, (hall be quafhed or vacated1 n^robe re™* for want of form only, of be removed or removeable by Ctrtio- moved by run, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of hh'Certiorari. Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminjfer.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Limitation of* if any adion fliall be brought, or fuit commenced, againft any a&i°ns' perfon or perfoto, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad,

fach adion or fuit (ball be laid or brought within fix months next after the fad done, and not afterwards; and (hall be laid or brought in the county or place where the fad was committed, and not elfe-where; and the defendant or defendantsin fuch adion may plead Gcneialiffue, the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecia! matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wasdone in purfuance and by authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any adion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then theiury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or differ a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adions; or if a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the laid defendant or defend- T	.

ants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for re- rc	'

covering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have, for cofts, in any other cafe* by law.	Expence of

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-> party walls forefaid, That in all cafes where any party wall within the faid pulled down city or liberty of IVeJlminfler^ and the parifties, precinds, and .andurftlanc* limits aforefaid, (hall, by virtue of the faid recited ad of the

eleventh aft,

,	Digitized	by	Google

Anno quarto.GeoROII III. c. 14.	[1764.

to beeftimat- eleventh year of his mayfly King George the Firft, and of this the^^ic*1 Pre^ent a&* be pulled down ana rebuilt, agreeable to the di-the rateof ” regions of this prefent aft, by the owner or occupier of one of 6 1. xo8. per the adjoining houfes, the expence of fuch party wall (hall be rod;	estimated and computed at and after the rate of fix pounds and

ten (hillings per rod ; any thing in the faid former aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithft'anding. and in like XIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore-manner thofe That in all cafes where any party wall (hall be erefted or fuance o*fthis built, agreeable to the directions of this prefent aft, in execution . aft.	of any contradt or contracts entered into with the builder or

workman before the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, the expence of fuch party wall (hall be efti-mated and computed at and after the rate of fix pounds and ten (hillings per rod; any thine in fuch contradt or contradts to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Back and fore XIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, future build- That for the further and better preventing the (preading of fires, ing^to be of aM h<wfes or other buildings which, from and after the expiration (tone, or good of three calendar months next after the pafiing of this adt, (hall brick, from be eredted or built within the faid city or liberty of Wejlmihftcr, meri|Cwards' anc* ^ Par^es* Precinft$, and limits aforefaid, (hall be built of a$ealio the	ftone, or of good found hard well burnt bricks, aqd none other,

party walls,	both in the fore front, $nd back front thereof, frbm the breaft

Height of the fummer upwards (an4 likewife the party wall thereof) and that breaft fum-	fuch breaft fummer, in all fuch houfes or other buildings, (hall

r*	not be higher than the flopr of the one pair of (lairs.

Aft 6 Annae. . XV. And whereas, by an adl made in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, a reward of ten (hillings is to be paid to the turn cock belonging to any water work where water (hall be found on, or firft come into, the main or pipe where the firft plug (hall be opened at any fire; thirty (hillings to the firft engine keeper, whp brings in any parifli engine to help to extinguifti any fire; twenty (hillings to the keeper of the fecond pari(h engine, that (hall be next brought to a fire; and to the third, ten (hillings; by the churchwardens of the parifli where fuch fire (hall happen; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any of the faid rewards (hall be claimed, by reafon of any fire happening within the (aid city of JVeJhninjhr, or within the parishes, precinfts, liberties, or places aforefaid, fuch rewards (hall be paid arid payable to the rewards in lame manner to the keeper of any other large engine granted by (though not a parifh engine) who (hall bnng in fuch engine in aft 6 Annas, good order and complete, to help to extinguith fuch fire, in thb fame manner as if fuch engine was a parifli engine.

Poblick aft. :	XVI.	And it is hereby further enafted, That this aft (hall be

deemed, and taken to be a publick aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame. *

In cafes of fire, the keepers of other large engines are equally intit-led with the

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ahnaquatto-GEORGii III. c. 15. CAP. XV.

33

plantations in America > for continamending., and Making	perpetual, aft puffed in the	year of the

reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring and encouraging tfie trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America ,) for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid aft, towards defraying the expences of defending, protefting, and fecuring the faid colonies and plantations; for explaining an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

(intituled,An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade ■,) and for altering and difallowing fevers! drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade between the fame and Great Britain.

WHEREAS it is expedient that newproviftons and regula- Preamble, tions Jhould be	eflablijbed for improving the revenue of this

kingdom, and for extending and fecuring the navigation and commerce between Great Britain and your Majejly's dominions in America, which, by the peace, have been fo happily enlarged: and whereas it is jifi and neceffary, that a revenue be raifed, in your	faid

dominions in America, for defraying the expences of defending, tecting., and fecuring. the fame j we, your Majejly's	dutiful and

Icyal	Jubjefts,the commons of Great Britain, parliament ajj'em-

hled', being	defirous to make fame	provifion,in this prefent feffton of

forliment, towards raiftng the faid revenue in America, have refined to give and grant unto your Majejly the fraeral rates and duties herein after-mentioned; and do mod humbly befeech your Ma-je/ty that it may be enacted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From and af-parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ter 19 Sept, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand tlle fot~ feven hundred and fixtv four, there (hall be raifed, levied, col- and'^tfe's* levied, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceilbrs, for to take place and upon all white or clayed fugars of the produce or manufac- on the feveral tare of any colony or plantation in America, not under the do- fp?cie> °* dominion of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; for and upon {^'re'Vnume-indico, and coffee of foreign produce or manufafturej for and rated, import-upon all wines (except French wine;) for and upon all wrought ed into any or Clks, bengals, and (luffs, mixed with (2k or herba, of the ma- ,hii Maie%’»

Voi.. XXVI.

D



America $

Digitized by

34

Anna quarto Gborgii III. c. 15.	[1754..

nufadture of Perfidy China, or Eaji India, and all callico painted, dyed* printed* or ftained there 5 and for and upon all foreign linen cloth called Cambrick and French Lawns, which (hall be imported or brought into any colony or plantation in America,’ which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral rates and dutie&fol-lowing; that is to fay,

white	For every hundred weight avoirdupois of foch foreign white

clayed fugars, or clayed fugars, one pound, two (hillings, over and above all 11. 2 s. per	other duties impofed by any former ad of parliament.

C.^wt. ^	^	For	every	pound weight avoirdupois of fuch foreign indico,

^	fix pence*

Coffee il 1 s For every hundred weight avoirdupois of (bch foreign coffee, 9 d. per c. wt. which (hall be imported from any place, except Great Britain, two pounds, nineteen (hillings, and nine pence.

Madeira wines	For every ton of wine of the growth of	tht.MadeiraSy or of

71. perton. any other ifland or place from whence fuch wine may be lawfully imported, and which (hall be fo imported from fuch ifiands or places, the fum of feven pounds.

Portugal and For every ton of Portugal^ Spanijhy or any other wine (except Spanim wines French wine) imported from Great Britainy the fum of ten (hil-10s. perton. fines.

WroughtfiJks,	For every pound weight avoirdupois of wrought filks, ben-

bengJs, and ga]s, and fluffs, mixed with filk or herba, of the manufacture of wlth^uTor	China,	or Eaji Indidy imported from Great Britain,	two

herba, is.	(hillings.

per lb.	For	eveiy	piece of callico painted, dyed, printed, or ftained,

Callicoes is. in Perfiay Chinay or Eaji Indidy imported from Great Britainy two 6d. per piece, (hillings and fix pence.

Cambricks 3 s. For every piece of foreign linen cloth, called Cambricky im-per piece.	ported from Great Britainy three (hillings.

French lawns For every piece of French lawn imported from Great Britain, 3 s. per piece, three (hillings.

And after thofe rates for any greater or lefler quantity of fuch goods refpe&ively.

^ .	II.	And	it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

fee and ohnen- That fr°m an^ a^tcr ^le kid twenty ninth day of September, one to of the * thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, there (hall alfo be raifed, growth of the levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-Britilh colo- ceffors, for and upon all coffee and pimento of the growth and tfom t^raceto Pro^ucc any Btitijb colony or plantation in Americay which other places, (hall be there laden on board any Britijb (hip or veffel, to be except Great carried out from thence to any other place whatfoever, except Britain, viz. Great Britainy the feveral rates and duties following * that is to fay,

Coflee 7s. per	For	every hundredweight avoirdupois of fuch Britijb

C. wt. 7 coffee, feven (hillings.

Pimento 1 q. For every pound weight avoirdupois of fuch Britijb pimento, per lb. : one halfpenny.

And

4

Digitized by (^.ooQle

35

lyff^] Anno quarto GeoRgii III. c. 15.

And after tbdfe rates for any greater or lefler quantity of fuch goods refpeftively.

IV.	And whereas an aft was made in the fixth year of the Aft 6 Geo. IL reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An

ad for the better feewring and encouraging the trade of his Majeffs fugar colonies in America, which was tb continue in force for five years, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and thirty three, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and which, by feveral fub-fequent afts made in the eleventh, the nineteenth, the twenty fixth, and twenty ninth, and the thirty firft years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was, from time to time, continued; and, by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the end of this prefent fef-fion of parliament; and although the faid aft hath been found in fbme degree ufeful, yet it is highly expedient that the fame (hould be altered, enforced, and made more effeftual; but, in confideration of the great diftance of feveral of the faid colonies and plantations from this kingdom, it will be proper further to continue the faid aft for a fhort fpace, before any alterations and amendments (hall take effeft, in order that all perfons concerned may have due and proper notice thereof; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad for the better Jecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty's fugar colonies in America, (hall be, and fmtherctmtL the lame is hereby further continued, until the thirtieth day of nued to 30 September9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.	Sept. 1764..

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The faid aft

from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven madepeipe-hundred and fixty four, the faid aft, fubjeft to fuch alterations tual> *uhjc& and amendments as are herein after contained, (hall be, and the Jfonsmade*-fame is hereby made perpetual.	herein.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Foreign mein lieu and inftead of the rate ana duty impofed by the faid aft lades and fy-upon melafles and fyrups, there (hall, from and after the faid fuP5 i^P?1^ twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and {"Colonies to fixty four, be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Ma- pa« 3d. per jelly, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon every gallon of me- gallon.

lafles or fyrups, being the growth, produft, or manufafture, of any colony or plantation in America, not under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, which (hall be imported or brought into any colony or plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, the fum of three pence.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- The duties 0131 faid. That the faid rates and duties hereby charged upon fuch the enumerat-foreign white or c|ayed fugars, forei^ indico, Foreign coffee, cmdeEedh^ wines, wrought filks, bengals, and (luffs, mixed with (ilk or be raifed and herba, callico, cambricks, French lawns, and foreign melafles or paid as bv the fyrups, imported into any Britijh American colony or plantation, recited aft of

D 2	(hall	Ge0,	JI*

Digitized by t^ooQle

36	Anno	qilarto Georgii III. C. t$l [1764^

fliall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in the fame manned and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures (not otherwife altered by this aCt) as are mentioned and expreffed in the faid aCt of parliament, made? in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, with refpeCt to the raifing, levying, collecting, and payment, of the rates and duties thereby granted; and that the aforefaid duties hereby charged upon Britijb coffee and pimento, exported from any Britijh colony or plantation, fliall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and referred unto in an aCt of parliament, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades^ and for the better feiuring the plantation trade, with refpeCt to the raifing, levying, collecting, and payment, of the rates and duties thereby granted upon the feveral goods therein particularly enumerated: and that all powers, penalties, provifions, articles, and claufes, in thofe ads refpec-tively contained and referred unto (except in fuch cafes where any alteration is made by this ad) fliall be obferved, applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, and anfwering, the refpedive rates and duties granted by this ad, as fully and effedually, as if the fame were particularly and at large re-cnaCted in the body of this prefent ad, and applied to the rates and duties hereby impofed; and as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame could have been at any time put in execution, for the like purpofes, with refpod to the rates atld duties granted by the faid former ads. Importer re- VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by fufing to pay the authority aforefaid. That if the importer of any wines fliall the duties on refufe to pay the duties hereby impofed thereon, it (hall and mayfeizeCCr maY he lawful for the colledor, or other proper officer of the the tame, cuftoms where fuch wines (hall be imported, and he is hereby refpedively required to take and fecure the fame, with the caflcs and publickly or other package thereof, and to caufe the fame to be publickly fri* **> fold, within the fpace of twenty days at the moft after fuch re-der, bld* fufal made, and at fuch time and place as fuch officer, (hall, by and* deduct four or more days publick notice, appoint for that purpofe ; the duties and which wine (hall be fold to the beft bidder, and the money charges. arifing by the fale thereof (hall be applied, in the fir/t place, in payment of the faid duties, together with the charges that (hall have been occafioned by the faid fale; and the overplus, if any, fliall be paid to fuch importer, or any other perfon authorized to receive the fame.

If they (hall IX. Provided alfo. That if the money offered for the pur-not bring fuf- chafe of fuch wine, (hall not be fufficient to difeharge the duty t0 anc* charSes af°re^a^> then, and in every fuch cafe, the collector, charges^ they or other proper officer, fliall caufe the wine to be ltaved, fpilt,' are to be 7 or otherwife destroyed, and (hall return the cafks or other pack-ltaved and age wherein the fame was contained to fuch importer.

Qto*	X. And

Thofe upon coffee and pimento.

•s by aCl ac Car. II.

Digitized by

Google

1764*] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15.	37

X.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That every piece Limited of callico intended to be charged with the duty herein before- length and mentioned, if of the breadth of one yard and a quarter or under, breadth of Ihall not exceed in length ten yards; and if above that breadth, ca 1C0CS*

/hall not exceed fix yards in length; and that every piece of cam- and of cam-brick and French lawn (hall contain thirteen ells each, and (hall bricks, and pay duty for the fame in thofe proportions for any greater or Frcnch lawng. iefler quantity, according to the fum herein before charged upon

each piece of fuch goods refpe&ively.

XI.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Monies arif-faid. That all the monies which, from and after the twenty ninth ing by the fe-day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four*

ihall arife by the feveral rates and duties herein before granted; ©d;° * ^° " and alfo by the duties which, from and after the faid twenty and upon fu-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty gars,&c. four, (hall be raifed upon fugars and paneles, by virtue of the laid aCt made in the fixth year of the reign of his faid late ma- to be paid into jetty King George the Second (except the neceflary charges of the Exche-railing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and quer $ accounting for the fame) (hall be paid into the receipt of his be re-Majefty’s Exchequer, and (hall be entered feparate and apart J^ds defray-from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs ing the or fucceflbrs: and (hall be there referved, to be, from time to charges of time, difpofed of by parliament, towards defraying the neceflary Pr?teftingthe expences of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the Britijb colo- ni"^in nies and plantations in America.	rica.

XII.	And it is hereto further enaCted by the authority afore- E	f

faid. That from and after the tenth day of September, one thou- w\£?s from fand feven hundred and fixty four, upon the exportation of any this kingdom fort of wine (except French wines) from this kingdom to any to the Britilh Britijb colony or plantation in America, as merchandize, the ^loni.es 111 exporter (hall be paid, in lieu of all former drawbacks, a draw- to^rpa*Jj a back or allowance of all the duties paid upon the importation drawback of of fuch wine, except the fum of three pounds ten (hillings per the duties on ton, part of the additional duty of four pounds per ton, grant- importation; ed by an aCt made in the laft feffion of parliament (intituled, £^ton3gran£ An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral additional duties upon id by an aft * wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder of the laft fef-and perry, and for raifing the fum of three millions five hundred fion » thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on

tie faid duties) and alfo except fuch part of the duties paid upon and a]f0 the

wines imported by (Grangers or aliens, or in foreign (hips, as aliens duty s

exceeds what would have been payable upon fuch wines, if the

fame had been imported by Britijb fubjeCls and in Britijb (hips;

any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding 5

which drawback or allowance (hall be made in fuch manner,

and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in

all refpeds, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out

of the duties of cuttoms upon the exportation of fuch wine, was,

ppuld, or might be made, before the patting of this aCt.

*	D	3 r	XUI.	Pror

Digitized by LjOoq le

3«

He firft giving bond and fe-curity

for the due exportation and landing of the fame;

conditioned to produce a certificate thereof from the proper officer, within j8 months.

Ho part of the old fubfidy to be repaid for any foreign goods exported as afort-faid j

except for wines, white callicoes, and xpuflins *.

And upon the exportation of white.callicoes or muflins, neither the moiety of the old mbfidy,

nor the third part of the net duties thereon, granted by

Aft ii and is Will. III.

and 3 and 4 Annae, (hall be repaid j

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15.	[1764.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That upon the entry of any fuch wine for exportation to any Britijb colony or plantation m America, and before any debenture (hall be made out for allowing the drawback thereon, the exporter (hall give bond, with fufficient fecurity, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be approved of by the colle&or, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, in treble the amount of the drawback payable for the goods, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall (the dangers of the Teas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, fome Britijb colony or plantation in America, and that the fame (hall not be exported, or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, nor relanded in any part of Great Britain* Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sari, or Marts or either of them: and fuch bonds (hall not be delivered up nor difeharged, until a certificate (hall be produced, under the hands and feals of the colleftor or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof: and the condition of fuch bond (hall be, to produce fuch certificate in eighteen months from the date of the bonds (the dangers of the feas and enemies excepted.) And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforeiaid, That front and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no part of the rate or duty, commonly called The old Jubfidy, (hall be repaid or drawn back for any foreign goods of the growth, produftion, or manufacture, of Europe, or the Eaft Indies, which (hall be exported from this kingdom to any Britijb colony or plantation in America (wines, white callicoes, and muflins, only excepted j) any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the tenth day or September, one thou* fand feven hundred and fixty four, upon the exportation of any fort of white callicoes or muflins, except as herein after is mentioned, from this kingdom to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, befides the one half of the rate or duty commonly called The old Jubfidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the lame, there alfo (hall not be repaid or drawn back the further fum of four pounds fifteen (hillings for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch goods, ac-cording to the grofs price at which they were fold at the fale of the united company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, being the third part of the net duties granted thereon refpeftively by two feveral afts of parliament, the one made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An aft for laying further duties upon wrought Jilts, miiJHns, and fome other commodities of the Eaft Indies, and for enlarging the time for pur chafing certain reverftonary annuities therein mentioned 5 and the other made in the third and fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An alt for continuing duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices^ and pictures, and upon hawkers,

pedlars,

Digitized by LjOOQle



Anno quarto Georgi* III. c. 15.

39

pedlars, and petty chapmen, and upon mujlins; and for granting new duties upon frveral of the faid commodities, and alfo upon callicoes.

China-ware, and drugs 5 any law, cuftom, or ulage to the contrary notwithftandmg.	but unt51 x

XV.	Provkled always, and be it further enafted by the autho- March, 1765, rity aforefaid, That until the firft day of March, one thoufand upon exjpor-feven hundred and fixty five, upon the exportation from this kingdom, to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, of fuch ^

white callicoes or muflins only as were fold on or before the iins as were j twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fold on or be-fixty four, at the fale of the united company of merchantsforc *5 March trading to the Eaft Indies, fuch and the fame drawbacks (hall be J^xnduf’ * allowed is are now payable upon the exportation of the faid Houfe, the goods.	fame draw-

backs (hall be allowed as are now payable.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Where «)oda That if any merchant or other perfon (hall, from and after the exromtion bid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty to parts be-four, enter any goods for exportation to parts beyond the feas, yond the Teas, other than to the faid Britijb colonies or plantations in America, m order to ob-in order to obtain any drawback not allowed by this aft upon

the exportation of fuch goods to the faid Britijb colonies or iOWed by this plantations, and the faid goods (hall neverthelefs be carried to aft, (hall be any Britijb colony or plantation in 'America, and landed there, carried to any contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, that then, and “P? in fuch cafe, the drawback (hall be forfeited, and the exporter merica, of fuch goods, and the matter of the (hip or veffel on board fuch draw-which the fame were loaden and exported, (hall forfeit double batfclhaJl be the amount of the drawback paid or to be paid for the fame, double die and alfo treble the value of the faid goods.	araountthere-

of; with treble the value of the goods<

XVII.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Addition to That from and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand the oath upon feven hundred and fixty four, if auy goods, not allowed to draw debentures, back any part of the old fubfidy, or any other duty by this aft, aT(baUb^°en-(haH be entered for exportation from this kingdom to any othertcred forex-" place beyond the feas, except to feme Britijb colony or planta- portation to tion in America, in every cale where the exporter is required, by other places any law now in force, to fwear that fuch goods are not landedj^0"^1®^ or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ille of[^t Britidi Man, there (hall alfo be added to, and included in, the oath up- American

on the debenture for fuch goods, 44 any Britilh colonies or planta- plantations.

44 tions in America.”

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Foreign rum That from and after the twenty nintn day of September, oneor fpij1^ thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no rum or fpirits of the ^ produce or manufacture of any of the colonies or plantations in Bntifli plan# America, not in the poffeflion or under the dominion of his Ma- tations in A* jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall be imported or brought intomcncai

any of the colonies or plantations in America which now are, or hereafter may be, in the poffeflion or under the dominion of his

D 4.	Majefty,

Digitized by

Google

40	Anno quarto GeoRgii HI. c, 15.	[1^64^

liable to be Majcfty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon forfeiture of all fuph ruot ee^he^wltli or *P*r*ts» togcther with the (hip or veflel in which the fameffiall vsffeT&c. be imported, with the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof 5 to .be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and profecuted in fuch manner and form as herein after is exprefied 5, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

No fugars may XIX. And it is hereby further enacted ^nd declared by the be imported authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day ^t°fu”h as &ePte*$er>one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, pothingp lhaHbe (hip- m	before-recited act made in the fixth year of the reign of*

ped in Great his late majefty King George the Second, or any other act of Britain, and parliament, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to giv^ from “berty t0 any Per^on or perfons whatfoever to ini port into th^ theope* kingdom of Ireland\ any fort of fugars, but fuch only as (frail be fairly and bona fide loaden and (hipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence in (hips navigated according to law.

XX.	And, for the better preventing frauds in the importation pf foreign fugars and paneles, rum and fpirits, molafles and fvrups, into any of his Majefty’s dominions, under pretence that the fame are the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the Britijb colonies *or plantations, it is further enacted by the authority Exporter of aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-turn, fpirits, iery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, every perfon or FaflTes or Jy?" perfons loading cn board any (hip or veflel, in any of the Britijb rups, from the colonies or plantation^ in America, any rum or fpirits, fugars or Bmifli colo- paneles, molafles or fyrups, as of the growth, product, or manures mAme- fa<ture, of any Britijb colony pr plantation, (hall, before the growth there- c^ear‘nS out °f the ^ ffiip or veflel, produce and deliver to the of,	collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the loading

to produce port, an affidavit figned and fworn to before fpme juftice of thp and deliver to peace in the faid Britijb colonies or plantations, either by the officer°beCfore £rower> maker, or fhipper, of fuch goods, pr his or their knowp clearing, an agent or factor, exprefling, in words at length ana nqt in figures, affidavit of the the quality of the goods fo (hipped, with the number and dequality of the nomination of the packages, and deferibing the name pr names lamination ^ie P^antat*on or plantations, and the name of the colony of the pack- where the fame grew or were produced and manufactured; ages, See. which affidavit mall be attefted, under the hand of the laid juftice of the peace, to have been fworn to in his prefence; who Officer to is hereby required to do the fame without fee or reward : an$ grant the ma- the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms to whom fciicertifi-	affidavit	(hall	be	delivered,	(hall thereupon grant to thp

cate thereof; mafter, or other perfon having the charge of the (hip or veflel, a certificate under his hand and feal o? office (without fee or reward) of his having received fuch affidavit purfiiant to the directions of this act; which certificate (hall exprefs the quality of the goods (hipped on board fuch (hip or veflel, with the num-and to tranf- * ber and denomination of the packages: and fuch collector or Sc^affidavit ot^er principal officer of the cuftoms (hall alfo (without fee or to^hcfccrc- reward) within thirty days after the failing of the (hip or veflel, tary's office	tranfmit an exact copy of the faid affidavit to the fecretary’s of-

6	fice

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764.] .Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15.	41

£ce for the refpeCtive colony or plantation where the goods were for the colo* (hipped, on forfeiture of five pounds.	ny’°n

XXI.	And it is further enaCted, That upon the arrival of^5 *.	-

foch (hip or veflel into the port of her difeharge, either in Great ^ *affeTat Britain or any other port of his Majefty’s dominions, where the port of fuch good* may he lawfully imported, the matter or other per- difeharge, the fon taking the charge of the (hip or veffel (hall, at the time he "lafter lV° makes his report of his cargo, deliver the faid certificate to the certificate*© colle&or or other, principal officer of the cuftoms, and make oath the proper before him, that the goods fo reported are the fame that are officer, and mentioned in the faid certificate, on forfeiture of one hundred I?a^ oat.h °f pounds; and if any rum or Spirits, fugars or paneles, molafleq th^good*1’on or fyrups, (hall be imported or found on board any fuch (hip or penalty of veflel, for which no foch certificate (hall be produced, or which 1001.

(hall not agree therewith, the fajne (hall be deemed and taken ^ to be foreign rum and fpirits, fugar and paneles, molaflcs and fyrups, and (hall be liable to the fame duties, rettridions, regu~ certified for, latiqns, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpe&s, as rum, fpirits, Sec. fugar, paneles, molafies, and fyrups, of the growth, produce, or ar5 to PaY f°-manufa&ure, of any foreign colony pr plantation, would re- rci^tt dutiCS* fpectively be liable to by lawr

XXII.	Provided always. That if any rum or fpirits, fugar or Where any paneles, molafies or fyrups, (hall be imported into Gnat Britain foch goods, from any Britijb colony or plantation in America, without being ^e certffi. jncluded in fuch certificate as is herein before directed, and it catC| ^all be* (hall be made to appear, to the fatisfadion of the commiflioners imported

of his Maj?tty’s cuftoms at London or Edinburgh respectively, that without in-fihe goods are really and truly the produce of fuch Britijh plan- fJa^the ration or colony, and that no fraud was intended, it (hall aqd may may be a in fuch cafe be lawful for the (aid refpedive commiflioners to per- fitted to en-piit the faid goods to be entered, upon payment of the like duties try, paying ps fuch goods would be liable to it this law had not been made. ^**4 du-

XXIII.	And whereas by an ad of parliament made in thetlC8’ twelfth year of the reign ot King Charles the Second, intituled, Claufein ad An aft for encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, and 1* Car. if. feveral fubfequent ads of parliament which are now in force, it

is, amongft other things, direded, that for every (hip or veflel that (hall load any commodities, in thpfe ads particularly enumerated, at any Britijh plantation, being the growth, produd, or manufacture thereof, bonds (hall be given with one furety, to the value of one thoufand pounds, if the (hip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, and of the fum of two thoufand pounds; if the (hip be of greater burthen, that the lame commodities (hall be brought by fuch (hip or veflel to fome other Britijb plantation, or to (ome port in Great Bri* taui\ notwithttapding which, there is great reafon to apprehend fuch goods are freqqently carried to foreign parts, and landed there: and whereas great quantities of foreign mo-Jafles and fyrups are clandeftinely run on thore in the Britijb colonies, to the prejudice of the revenue, and the great detriment of the trade of this kingdom, and it’s American plantations : to remedy which practices for the future, be it further

cpaCtcd

Digitized by

Google

42	Ahno	quarto	GeoRGU	III.	C.15.	f 17$4~

enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty iour, bond and fecurity, in the like penalty, (hall alfo be given to the collector or other principal officer ot the cuftoms at any port or place in any of the Briti/h American colonies or plantations, with one furety befides the mafter of every (hip or veflel that (hall lade or take on board there any goods not particularly enumerated in the faid acts, being the product or manufacture of any of the faid colonies or plantations, with condition, that, in cafe any molaffes or fyrups, being the produce of any of the

Sdantations, not under the dominion of his Majefty, hjs heirs or iicceflors, (hall be laden on board fuch (hip or veffel, the fame (hall (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or wilful diminution, by the faid (hip or veffel to iiiuivH ur w ^ome	Majefty’s	colonies	or	plantations in America, or to

Grfcat Britain^ fome port in Great Britain \ and that the mafter or other perfora of which re- having the charge of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall, immediately up-port is to be on bis arrival at every port or place in Great Britain, or in the pwt ofarri* Briti/b American colonies and plantations, make a juft and true vai. ” report ofall the goods laden on board fuch (hip or veflel undet Non-enume- their true and proper denominations; and if any fuch non-enu*-ratfd goods merated goods (hall be laden on board any fuch (hip or veffel board without ^ore bond (hall be given, the goods fo laden together with bond given, the (hip or veffel and her furniture (haH be forfeited, and (haH are forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, and profecuted with the veffeL |n the manner herein after directed.

Bond and fecurity to be given pursuant to the recited aAt in cafe of lading any enumerated goods, that any foreign molaftes and fyrups, on board,

(hall be brought to fome of the Britith plantations m A-

Mafter before failing from the port of lading, is to take a certificate of his having given bond$

which, upon compleating bis voyage,he is'to deliver up at the port of di (charge, on penaky of 100I.

Britifh veflels with any Bri-ti(h American goods,

or foreign molaffes or fyrups, dilco-vered near the Britifh American coafts, not producing a certificate

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every mafter or perfon having the charge of any (hip or veffel (hall, before he departs from any Briti/b colony or plantation where he receives his lading, take a certificate under the hands and feals of the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms there (which certificate fuch officers are hereby required to grant without fee or reward) that bond hath been given, purfuant to the directions of this or any other aft of parliament, as the cafe (hall require; and the mafter or perfon having the charge of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall keep fuch certificate in his cuftody till the voyage is compleated, and (hall then deliver the fame up to the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where he (hall difcharge his lading, either in Great Britain or any Briti/b American colony or plantation, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds for eacn and every offence.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Briti/b (hip or veffel laden, as aforefaid, with any goods of the produce or manufacture of any Briti/h colony or plantation in America, or having on board any molaftes or fyrups the produce of any foreign colony or plantation, (hall be difcovered by any officer erf his Majefty’s cuftoms within two leagues of the fliore of any Briti/h colony or plantation in America, and the mafter or perfon taking charge of fuch (hip or veffel (hall not produce a certificate that bond has been given, purfuant to the directions of this or any other aft of parliament, as the ckfe may require; or

if

Digitized by L^ooQle

I7$4*] Anno quarto pEORGll III. c. 15.	43

if he (hall not produce fuch certificate to the colle&or or other as required by chief officer of the cuftoms where he (hall arive, either in Great law ;

Britain or any Britijb American colony or plantation, fuch (hip °r n.ot orvefiel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all the th^pwM^of * foods therein laden, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be arrival,

Seized and profecuted as herein after is diredted.	are liable to

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- forfeited-forefaid, That the faid bond diredted to be given by this adt, enumerated*1" with refped to fuch non-enumerated goods, (hall continue in goods to be in force for one year from and after the completion of the voyage} force for i and in cafe no fraud (hall appear within that time, it (hall be year after the lawful for the'commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any wteiPif no four or more of them, to diredf the faid bond to be delivered up. fraud’appear,

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority it is to be giv-afonefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Sep- up. tmber9 one thoufand feven hundred and Uxty four, all coffee, othc^enume-pimento, cocoa nuts, whale fins, raw filk, hides, and (kins, pot goods of and pearl alhes, of the growth, produ&ion, or manufadture, of the Bntifh A* any Britijb colony or plantation in America, (hall be imported mericao plan-diredtly from thence into this kingdom, or fome other Britijb

colony or plantation, under the like fecurities, penalties, and JJfSke fecul forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned in two adts of parlia- rities and pe-ment made in the twelfth and twenty fifth years of the reign of nalties,

King Charles the Second, the former intituled. An aft for the en- a* th°fc «*• couraging and incrtafing oj Jbipping and navigation, and the latter car.n. ** intituled. An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and eaft-land trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade, or either of them, with refpedt to the goods in thofe adts particularly enumerated; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary, notwith-ftanding.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority Bond and fe-sforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- ^^^fore her, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no iron, nor any lading any fort of wood, commonly called Lumber, as fpecified in an adt iron or lumber pafied in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Firft, of the Britifli intituled. An aft for giving further encouragement for the impor-	,

totion of naval fores, and for other purpafes therein mentioned* of	*

the growth, produdtion, or manufadture, of any Britijb colony 4 or plantation in America, (hall be there loaden on board any (hip or veflel to be carried from thence, until fufficient bond (hall be given, with one furety befides the mafter of the veflel* to the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the loading condition to port, in a penalty of double the value of the goods, with con- land the fame, dition, that the faid goods (hall not be landed in any part of G^a^Bn^ Europe except Great Britain; which bonds (hall be difeharged tain $ and to in the manner hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, for fuch of produce a cer-the faid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain, nfiratethereof the condition of the bonds (hall be* to bring a certificate in dif- months* and charge thereof within eighteen months from the date of the if for any of bond; and within fix months for fuch of the faid goods as (hall the Britiin A-be entered for, or landed in, any of the Britijb colonies or plan- mf.rican Plan“

J	tattons, with-

tations jn 6 m0ntiisi

Digitized by

Google

and if for any other place in America, A-frica, or Ada, within 11 months. Where the goods perifh, or are taken* the bond is difcharged.

l)fo goods to be (hipped in oneBritilh colony to be carried to another, without a fuffeiancej

and taking out a proper cocket |

which is to be produced at the port of difcharge $

on forfeiture of the good?.

Goods nlfo to be forfeited if they do not agrte with the cocket.

Veflel difeo-y? red near the

Anno quarto GeoRGii III. c.15.	[1764.*

rations in America; which refpeSive certificates (hall be unde** the hands and feals of the collector or other principal officer of* the cuftoms refident at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof; and for fuch of the laid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed at, any other place in America, Africa, or Afia> to bring the like certificate within twelve months, under the common feal of the chief magiftrate* or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants refiding there; or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difeharged, in either of the faid cafes, by proof upon oath made by credible perfons, that the faid goods were taken by enemies, or perithod in the Teas,

XXIX. And, for the better preventing frauds in the importation or exportation of goods that are liable to the payment of duties, or are prohibited, in the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no goods, wares, or merchandizes, of any kind whatfoever, (haJI be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or veflel in any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in A~ merica, to be carried from thence to any other Britijb colony or plantation, without a fufferance or warrant firft had and obtained from the collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be intended to be put on board; and the mafter of every fuch (hip or veffej (hall, before the fame be removed or earned out from the port or place where he takes in his lading, take out a cocket or cockets expressing the quantity and quality of the goods, and marks of the pack*-age, fo laden, with the merchants names by whom (hipped and to whom configned; and if they are goods that are liable to thp payment of any duty, either upon the importation into, or upon the exportation from, the faid colonies or plantations, the faid epeket or cockets (hall likewife diftindUy fpecify that the duties have begn paid for the fame, referring to the times or dates qSf entry and payment of fuch duties, and by whom they were paid; which cocket or cockets (hall be produced by the mafter of fuch (hip or veflel, to the collector or other principal officer of thp pultons at the port or place where fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive in any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in Americay bet-fore any part of the goods are unladen or put on (hore: and if any goods or merchandizes (hall be (hipped as aforefaid without fuch fufferance, or the veffel (hall depart and proceed on her voyage without fuch cocket or cockets, or the goods (hall be landed or put on (hore before fuch cocket pr pockets are produced at the port or place of difcharge, or if the goods do not agree iq all refpedts therewith, the goods, in any or either of thofe cafes, (hall be forfeited and loft; and any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms is hereby impowered to flop any fuch (hip or veflel, bound as aforefaid, which (hall be difeovered within twp leagues of the (hore of any of the faid Britijb colonies or plan-t^tion? iq Jmfrifjy and \q feiz$ aqcj frqm theqep all the

good*

Digitized by L^ooQle

t7®4-] Anno quarto Georgii III. C.15.	£5

goods whidh (hall be found on board fuch (hip or veflel for which coaft may be no fuch cocket or cockets (hall be produced to him.	thc

XXX. And whereas Britijh veflels arriving from foreign ^hichno* parts at feveral of the out ports of this kingdom, fully or in cocket is pro-part laden abroad with goods that are pretended to be deftined duced,mayb« to fome foreign plantation, do frequently take on board feme fcizcd* ftnall parcels of goods in this kingdom which are entred outwards for fome Britijh colony or plantation, and a cocket and clearance thereupon granted for fuch goods, under cover of which the whole cargoes of fuch veflels are clandeftinely landed in the Itriti/b American dominions, contrary to feveral afts of parliament now in force, to the great prejudice of the trade and revenae of this kingdom; for remedy whereof, be it further en-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the ftrft day of Majy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no (hip No ^ or veflel (hall, upon any pretence whatfoever, be cleared out- cleared oat wards from any port of this kingdom, for any land, ifland, for any of the plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majefty belong- Britijh coding, or which (hall hereafter belong unto or be in the pofleflion JV*® or under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, whoie^argo in America, unlefs the whole and entire cargo of fuch (hip or veflel be (hipped in fliall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and (hipped in this this kingdoms kingdom j and any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms is hereby ioipowered to flop any Britijh (hip or veflel arriving from any and Where an* part of Europe, which (hall be difeovered within two leagues European vef of the (hore of any of the faid Britijh colonies or plantations fel is difeover-m Ameritay and to feize and take from thence, as forfeited, any cd near fuch goods (except as herein after mentioned) for which the mafter or other perfon taking the charge of fuch (hip or veflel (hall not which no fuch produce a cocket or clearance from the collector or proper officer cocket is proof his Majefty’s cuftoms, certifying that the faia goods were duced,maybe laden on board the faid (hip or veflel in fome port of Great fclzcd 5 Britain.

XXXI.	Provided always, That this aft (hall not extend, nor be conftrued to extend, to forfeit, for want of fuch cocket or salt, clearance, any fait laden in Europe for the fiftieries in New Eng-landy Newfoundlandy Penfylvaniay New Yorky and Nova Scotia, or any other place to which fait is or (hall be allowed by law to be carried; wines laden in the Madeira}, of the growth thereof;

and wines of the growth of thzWefiern Iflandsy or Azores, and Madeira laden there; nor any horfes, viftuals, or linen cloth, of and wines, See. from Irelandy which may be laden on board fuch (hips or veflels. Horfes, pro-

XXXII.	And it is hereby further enafted, That if any per-

fon or perfons (hall counterfeit, rife, alter, or falfify, any affida- iand,excepted> vit, certificate, fufferance, cocket, or clearance, required or di-Penalty on ? refted by this, aft, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufe of*founterieit-any affidavit, certificate, fufferance, cocket, or clearance, fo coun-teneited, rafed, altered, or fatfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall^certift^tcj for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds5oo 1. Scc* and fuch affidavit, certificate, fufferance, cocket, or clearance, fliall be invalid and of no effeft*	*

XXXIII.	And

-Digitized by v^ooQle

4$	Anno quarto GeoRGH III. C.i5.	[1764*

Claufc in aft XXXIII. Afid whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the a Geo. s. ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for indemnifying perjons who have been guilty of offences againji the laws made for fecuring the revenue of cufloms and excife, and for enforcing thofe laws for the future, and by other afts of parliament fince made, which are now in force, in order to prevent the clandeftine landing of goods in this kingdom from veflels which hover upon the coafts thereof, feveral goods and veflels, in thofe laws particularly mentioned and deferibed, are declared to be forfeited, if fuch veflels are found at anchor, or hovering within two leagues of the (hone of this kingdom, without being compelled thereto by necefiity or diftrefs of weather; which laws have been found very benefit rial to the publick revenue: and whereas, if fome provifion of: that fort was extended to his Majefty’s American dominions, it may be a means of preventing an illicit trade therewith, and tend to enforce an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of si Car.JI. and King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouraging and increafmg of Jhipping and navigation, and another aft made in 18c $ Will. 3. the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade, fo far as thofe laws do prohibit any goods or commodities to be imported into or exported out of any Britijb colony or plantation in America, in any foreign (hip or Foreign vef- veflel; to which end therefore, be it enafted by the authority fels found at aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-anchor, or for, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, if any foreign the coals of or vc^ whatfoever (hall be found at anchor, or novering any of theBri* within two leagues of the fhore of any land, ifland, plantation, tiflfi American colony, territory, or place, which fhall or may be in the poflef-dominions, flon or under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and not de- in America, and (hall not depart from the coaft, and proceed upon parting, unlefs her yoyage to fome foreign port or place, within forty eight diltreUed, hours after the matter or other perfon taking the charge of fuch hoursafter	or V€^	^	required	fo to do by any officer of his Ma-

notice, jetty’s cuftoms, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable necefiity and di-are liable to be ftrefs of weather, fuch (hip or veflel, with all the goods therein forfeited, to- laden, fhall be forfeited and loft, whether bulk fhall have been the eoods^ broken or not; and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by.

*	9	any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in fuch manner and form

as herein after is exprefled.

ExceptFrench XXXIV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fifhm£ vef- fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any (hip or veflel be-fels erfr New- longing to the fubjefts of the French king, which (hall be found foundland. fifhing, and not carrying on any illicit trade, on that part of the* ifland of Newfoundland, which ftretches from the place called Cape Bonavijla to the northern part of the faid ifland, and front thence running down to the weftern fide, reaches as far as the place called Point Riche.

XXXV.	And, in order to prevent any illicit trade or com* pierce between his Majefty’s futydU in America, and the fub-t

' jefts

Digitized by f^ooQle

47

1764.7 jftduio qoaata Georgii III. c. 1

jftfts of the-aftwn of France in the iflands of Saint Pierre and ABquelotei it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, V. That from and after,the twenty ninth day of September, one found rtand-thoufand feven hundred and lixty four, if any Britijh (hip or inginto, or" vefleJ (hall be found (landing into, oncoming out from, either coming out of thofe iflands, or hovering or at anchor within two leagues of from the ifles thecoafts thereof, or (hall be difeov^red to have taken any goods or merchandizes on board at either of them, or to have been ^ hovering, * there for that purpofe; fuch (hip or veflel, and all the goods fo &c. on the taken on board there, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and coafts, mav be feized and profecuted by any officer of his Majefty’s^arc&cm cuftoms; and the matter or other perfon having the charge of ^nce^&c.0”1 fuch (hip or veflel, and every perfon concerned in taking any fuch are forfeited, goods on board, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof.	together with

the goods;

and the matter, See. forfeits alio treble value.

XXXVI.	And, to prevent the concealing any goods in falfe packages, or private places, on board any (hip or veflel arriving at any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America,, with intent to their being clandeftinely landed there, be it farther cn-a&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty c°”?eaJed . ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty onboardUn^-four, all goods which (hall be found concealed in any place what- ter report foever on board any fuch (hip or veflel, at any time after the made by the matter thereof (hall have made his report to the collector or matter, other proper officer of the cuftoms, and which (hall not be com- and not com-

1>rized or mentioned in the faid report, (hall be forfeited and prifed in his oft, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer f^^ed^0 of the cuftoms; and the mafter or other perfon having the ^ t^c ^a-charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel (in cafe it can be made fter, being appear, that he was any wife confenting or privy to fuch fraud privy to the or concealment) (hall forfeit treble the value of the goods fo

found.	value.

XXXVII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- If cuftomed for, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, if any goods or good, be ei-mcrchandizes whatfoever, liable to the payment of duties in ther laden on any Britifb colony or plantation in America by* this or any other b°»Jd* e of parliament, (hall be loaden on board any (hip or veflel|^“d^e* jjJJ outward bound, or (hall be un(hipped or landed from any (hip p^d, or veflel inward bound, before the refpedlive duties due thereon are paid, agreeable to law* or if any prohibited goods whatfo- or prohibited ever (hall be imported into, or exported out of, any of the (aid goods be im~ colonies or plantations, contrary to the true intent and meaning ^^ported of this or any other a6t of parliament; every perfon who fliafi out o£any of be aflifting, or otherwife concerned, either in the loading out- the Bnti/h co. wards, or in the unfhipping or landing inwards, fuch goods, orloniesin Ame* to whole hands the fame (hall knowingly come after the loading J^perfons or unfhipping thereof, (hall, for each and every offence, forfeit concerned treble the value of fuch goods, to be eftimated and computed ac- therein forfeit cording, to the heft price that each refpe<ftive compaodity bears treble^ the

1

Digitized by LjOOQle

forfeits jool. and is difa-bled:

And perfons

giving or

48	Anno	quarto Gtotidlilit* C.

together with at *he place where fuch offence Was committed; and all thd the boats, boats, horfes, cattle, and other carriages whatfoever, made ufe carriages^nd Qf jn the loading, landing, removing, carriage* or conveyance^ cattle employ- Qf 0f t^e	goods,	(hall alfo be forfeited and loft,

c *	and (nail and may be feized and profecuted, by any officer of

his Majefty’s cuftoms, as herein after mentioned.

Officer receiv- XXXVlII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority ing any bribe, aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-ber, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, if any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms fhall, direftly or wrdireftly, take of receive any bribe, recompence, or reward, in any kina whatfoever ;• conniving at a or connive at any falfe entry, or make any collufiVe feiZure or roa^inea^I- a&reement 5 or do any other aft or deed whatfoever by which hiy lufive leisure j Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall or may be defrauded in hi*, or guilty of or their duties, or whereby any goods prohibited fhall be fuffer-othcr fraud in ed to pafs either inwards or outwards, or whereby the forfeitures Ins office 5 arid penalties inflifted by this or any other aft or parliament relating to his Majefty’s cuftoms in America may be evaded; every fuch officer therein offending fhall, for each and every offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapa-; ble of ferving his Majefty in any office or employment civil or military: and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall give, offer, or promife to give, any bribe, recompence, or reward, to Sribe&ct^ any °®ccr	cuftoms, to do, conceal, or connive at, any

fuch officer, a<ft* whereby any of the provifions made by this or any other in order to be-aft of parliament relating to his Majeffy’s cuftoms in America tray his tmft, may bo evaded or broken, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall, for each and every fuch offence (whether the fame offer, propo-fal, or promife, be accepted or performed, or not) forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXXIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the feventh and eighth year of the, reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in the plantation trade, all governors of commanders in chief of any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations, are required to take a folemn oath, to do their utmoft that all the claufes, matters, and things, contained in that aft, and feveral other afts of parliament therein referred to, relating to the faid colonies and plantations, be punftually and bona fide obferved,. according to the true intent and meaning thereof: and whereas divers other good laws have been fince made, for the better regulating and fecuring the plantation trade: be it further enaft-Goveraors, or ed by the authority aforefaid. That all the prefent governors or commanders COmmanders in chief of any Briti/b colony or plantation fhall, Brhiffi colo-# before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand fevea hundred and fixty four, and all who hereafter fhall be made governors or commanders in chief of the faid colonies or plantations, or any of them, before their entrance into their government, fhall take a folemn oath, to do their utmoft that all the claufes, matters, and things, contained in any aft of parliament heretofore made, and now in force, relating to the faid colonies

and

forfeit 50I.

Cltufe in aft 7 & 8 Will. 3.

nies, are to take an oath for the due execution of their duty In this and all other afts rc-

Dic ' by LjOOQle

1764.J Anno quarto GeoRGII III. c.15.	49

and plantations, and that all and every the claufes contained in latinfc to the this prefent aft, be punftually and bona fide obferved, according colonies, to the true intent and meaning thereof*, lo far as appertains unto * the laid governors or commanders in chief refpeftively, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, either for negleft- under the ^ ing to take the laid oath, or for fittingly neglefting to do their natties in the duty accordingly, as are mentioned and exprefled in the faid re- recited aft of cited aft made in the Seventh and eighth year of the reign of 7 Will. 3. King William the Third; and the faid oath, hereby required to be taken, (hall be adminiftered by fuch perfon or perfons as hath or have been, or (hall be, appointed to adminifter the oath re* quired to be taken by the faid aft made in the feventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third.

XL. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalties and» That all penalties and forfeitures herein before mentioned, which forfeitures in-{hall be incurred in Great Britain, (hall and may be profecuted, curred m fued for, and recovered, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record thereto be ns at Wejlminjler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, refpeft- covered; ively; and (all neceflary charges for the recovery thereof being and ho* to b« firft dedufted) (hall be divided and applied, one moiety to and divided and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and thd apP11**. other moiety to the feizor or profecutor.

XLI. And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That The money from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand granted by feven hundred and fixty four, all fums of money granted and	a,ld

impofed by this aft, and by an aft made in the twenty fifth year ^	**

of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for duties; the encouragema.t of /^Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for tie better fecuring the plantation trade, as rates or duties; and alfo all andthepenal-fums of money impofed as penalties or forfeitures, by this or ties and for-any other aft of parliament relating to the cuftoms, which (hall futures relat-. be paid, incurred, or recovered, in any of the Britijb colonies or ft^^inAme-plantations in America; (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared rica, are to b6 to be fterling money of Great Britain, and (hall be collected, re- deemed itcr-covered, and paid, to the amount of the value which fuch no- W money of minal fums bear in Great Britain; and that fuch monies (hall a^the rat^of* and may be. received and taken according to the proportion and 5,. 6<j. per value of five (hillings and fix pence the ounce in filver; and ounce, infil-that all the forfeitures and penalties inflifted by this or any other aft or afts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid Britijh colonies or plantations in America, which (hall be Penalties and incurred there, (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and re- forfeitures in covered in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, America, may in the faid colonies or plantations where fuch offence (hall be thc°coutu committed, or in anv court of vice admiralty which may or (hall JJ- ^0^1* l>e appointed over all America (which court of admiralty or vice there, admiralty are hereby refpeftively authorized and required to or court of proceed, hear, and determine t;he fame) at the eleftion of the ™cc admiral-informer or profecutor.	y*

XLII. And it is hereby further enafted, That all penalties an(j the nce and forfeitures fo recovered there, under this or any former aft produce is to VoL. XXVI.	X	ofU paid.

Digitized by t^ooQie

50	Anno quarto Georgii III. c.15/	[1764-

of parliament, (hall be divided, paid, and applied, as follows j One third tQ that is to fay, after deducting the charges of profecution from the King, the grofs produce thereof, one third part of the net produce (hall be paid into the hands of the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port or place \^iere fuch penalties or forfeitures (hall be recovered, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-One third to ceffc/rs; one third part to the governor or commander in chief the governor, of the faid Colony or plantation; and the other third part to the and one third jterfon who fhall feize, inform, and fue for the fame; excepting: cutoi*e pr0 e’ ftich feizures as fhall be made at fea by the commanders or o£-But feizures fibers °f his Majefty’s (hips or vcflels of Vvar duly authorized to made at fea make feizures; one moiety of which feizures, and of the pe*-by the King’s nalties and forfeitures recovered thereto, firft deducing thd ft^ps arc to charges of profecution from the grofs produce thereof, (hall bp One moiety to Pa^ as aforefaid to the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to the King and and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the tue other to other moiety to him or them who fhall feize, inform, and fue the profecu- for the fame; any low, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-fuijca never- wth(landing; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch diftribution of thA theiefs to fuch produce of the feizures fo made at fea, as well with regard to the diftribution, moiety herein before granted to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-if hlLM.a^rfty ceffors, as with regard to the other moiety given to the feizor coundl?or or pfofecutor, as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, (hall think proclamation, fit to order1 and diredl by any order or orders of council, or by (hall make, airy proclamation or proclamations, to be made for that pufpofe. Where the XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by not anfvw^ ^ aifthority aforefaid,Tnat if the produce of ajiy feizure made the expence ^ America^ (hall not be fufficicnt to anfwer the expences of of condemna- condemnation and fale; or if, upon the trial of any feizure of any tion and fale, (hip or goods, a verdidt or fentence (hall be given for the claim-ant, m c*t^cr t^l0^e ca^esJ the charges attending the leizing theSd^ant, and profecyting foch (hip or goods (hall and may, with the con-the charges, * fent and approbation of any four of the commiffioners of his with appro- Majefty’s cuftoms, be paid out of any branch of the revenue of bation ot the cuftoms arifing in any of the Britijb colonies or plantations ixi ers7may°he America; any thing in this or any other adi of parliament to thi defrayed out contrary notwithftanding.

of the cuftoms	XLIv. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority a-

in America, forefaid. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Sep-be sulmftted, f*5#*** one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty four, no perfon till fecurity to fhall he admitted to enter a claim to any (hip or goods feized in anfwer colts purfuance of this or any other adt of parliament, and orofecuteA be given, to jn any 0f the britijb polonies or plantations in Arnricay until 601 aai?d ** 0t fo®c‘ent fecurity be firft given, by perfons of known ability, in the court where fuch feizure is profecuted, in the penalty ot fix* m default, ty pounds, to anfwer the cofts and charges of profecution; tp £e con- * anc*’ *n default °F giving foch fecurity, fuch (hip or goods (hall demned. be adjudged to be Forfeited, and (hall be condemned.

Where (hip or XLV. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a-goods are forefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Scptem-caufe offor^	thwfand feven hundred and fixty four, if any fhip or

goods

17^4-3 Apnp quarto GEOfcpn IU. C.15.	51

£oods lhall be feized for any caufe of forfeiture, and any difpute ftiture> the ftiall arife whether the cuftoms ana duties for fucb goods have owner Utp been paid, or the fainp have been lawfully imported or exported, proyetbemat. or concerning the growth, product, or,manufacture, of fucn “r in difpute. goods, or the place from whence<fuch goods were brought, then,

4nd in foeh cafes, the proof thereof flm lie upon the owner or dainoer of fochfhlp or goods, and not upon the officer who (hall ferae or ftop the. fame} any law, cuflopa, or ufage, to the contrary qotwithftanding.

XLVI. And be it fiirther efiafted by the authority aforefaid, In up0lt That from and after the twenty ninth day of	,	one	information,

thoufand (even hundred and fixty four, in cafe any information in America, lhall be commenced and brought to trial in America, on account of any feizure of any Anp or goods as forfeited by this or any other aft of parliament relating to his Majefty’s cuftoms, wherein a verdift or feotence fhall be givep for the claimer thereof} and it fhall appear to the judge or court "before whom the fame w|jere a „ro„ Ihhll be tried, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the bable caufe of judge or court before whom the fame- fhall be tried fhall certify feizure ap-«m foe recor'd or Other proceedings, that there was a probable ■pelr3,i|hfl ;caufe for the profecutors feizing the /aid fhip or goods; and, in tbe fetch cafe, the .defendant (ball not be intitjed to any coils of foit fame „n the whatfoever; nor fhall the perfons who feized the (aid fhip or record) ’goods, be liable to any aftion, or other foit or profecution, op wuithede-account of fuch feizure: #nd in cafe any aftion, or other fuit or ^venocoftl profecution, fhall he commenced and brought to trial againft any nor aaion (* perfon or perfons whatfoever; on account of the feizing any fuch and in fuit«, -ihip or goods, where no information fhall be commenced or where no w-brought to trial to condemn the fame, and a verdift or fentence (^commenced •fhall be given upon fuch aftion or profecution againft the de- an(j brought fondant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom fuch to trial, aftion or profecution, fhall certify in like manner as aforefaid that and the court .there was a probable caufe for fuch leisure, then the plaintiff, certify feefides his fhjp or goods fo feized, pr the value thereof, fhall provable* * -not, be intitled tp above two pence damages, nor to any cofts of caufe of blit; nor fhall the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above feizure.

—	iMSSt.

a d. damage*, and no cofts; and the defendant be fined not more than i

XLVII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That if apy adion or fuit (hall he commenced, either in Great Britain or America againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this or any other ad of parliament relating to his	cuftoms,	the defendant or defendants in

fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give the faid	^

ads, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had General iffuei thereupon, ana that the fame* was done in purfuance and by the authority of fuch ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his adion after (he defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment

Ex	(hall

Digitized by

Google

Treb’c cofa.

Preamble reciting claufe in act 7 Ann.

Infants fcifed of lands tenements, or hereditaments, may, by order of the court.

Anno quarto GeoRgii Ilf. c.i& [1764.

fhall be given upon verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XVI.

An ait to enable infants who are feized of lands, tenements9 or hereditaments, within the duchy of Lancafter, or the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, or Durham, or the principality of Wales, in fee, or for the life or livds of one or more other perfon or perfons, in truftr or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of fucb eftates by order of the court of the duchy chamber of Lancafter, of the court of Exchequer of the county palatine ^ Chefter, the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancafter, of the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and of the courts of the great Jeffions in the principality of Wales.

WHEREAS by an ait of parliament made in the feyenth year of the reign of her late majefty ghteen Anne, intituled, An aft to enable infants who are feiled or pofleffed of eftates in fee, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of fuch eftates, perfons under the age of one and twenty years, having eftates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, only in truft for others, or by way of mortgage, are enabled and compellable, by the direilion and order of the high court of Chancery, or the court of Exchequer, to convey and ajfure fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fueh manner as the faid court of Chancery, or the court of Exchequer, Jhally by fuch order in purfuance of the faid ail, direif: and whereas the benefit intended by the faid ait wilt be manifeftly extended, by giving to, and vefting in, the proper rejpeitive courts of the duchy of Lancafter, and the courts in the Jeveral counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, and Durham, and the courts of the great feffions in Wales, fuch and the like power, jurifdiifton, and authority, re-foiling infants who are or Jhall be fetfed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the faid duchy of Lancafter, and the fevered counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, and Durham, and the principality of Wales refpeHively, in fee, or for the life or lives of one or more other perfon or perfons, as by the laid ail is given to, and vefted in, the high court of Chancery, and the court of Exchequer: be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled,and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June, one tnoufand feven hundred and fixty four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons under the age of one and twenty years, having fuch eftate or eftates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the duchy of Lancafter, or the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, and Durham refpedtively, or in the principality of IVales, by the diredtion of the court bf

the

Digitized by

Google

jjrfif] , Anno qtcnto Georgii III. c.17.	53

tbc duchy chamber of Lancafter, of the court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Cbsjler, of the court of Chancery ofthe county palatine of Lancaflcr, of the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and of the feveral courts of the great fef-	.

{ions in Wales refp©ftively,fignificd by an order made upon hear- Son?wmo-iog all parties concerned on the petition or motion of the perfon tion’made, * Ot perfons for whom fuch infant dr infants (hall be fo feized as afbreiaid, in trull, or of the mortgagor or mortgagors, or guardian or guardians, of fuch infant or infants, or perfons intitled to the monies fecured by or upon any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any infant or infants are or (hall be feif-edrintruft, or by way of mortgage, or of the perfon or perfons joptlcd to the redemption thereof, to convey and aflure any fuch make convey-lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuen manner as the laid sneet of fuch fcvend courts of the faid duchy, counties palatine, and great feffion in Wales, wherein fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

(hall lie, by fuch order fo to be obtained, dire ft, to any other

perfon or perfons; and fuch conveyance or afliirance fo to be had whichjhallbe

and made as aforefaid, (hall be as good and effectual in law, to	good

all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid infant or in*

iants was or were at the time of making fuch conveyance or af-

furance of the full age of one and twenty years; any law, cu-

ftpm, or ufage, to the contrary in any wile notwithftanding*

II* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Infants being .all and every fuch infant or infants, being only truftee or truftees,	^ortea-

mortgagee or mortgagees, as aforefaid, (half and may be com- gCC8> 8 ’

y fuch order as aforefaid to be obtained, to make fuch may be com-conveyance or conveyances, afliirance or afliirances, as aforefaid, p«J}ed by fuch in like manner as truftees or mortagees of full age are compellable	.

tp convey or aflign their truft eftates or mortgages*	conveyances

CAP. XVII.	SS3T

An aft tv explain and amend an aft, faffed in the fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Maje,intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the ieveral laws now in being, relating*) the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the laws now in fora, for the and train- Preamble.

ing the militia, within that part of Great Britain Eng-Jand, are in fome	refpeds defective:and whereas frequent	delays,

and many difficulties have occured in the execution of the ads now in forte for raiftng and training the militia, from the manner in which the whale execution of the ads is made to depend in all counties, ridings, and places, where the militia has been or Jhall be raifed, upon holding a general	meeting,on either the loft Tuefday	Oaober, or the laff

Tuefday in May, in each year-, and doubts have arifen, whether, in fuch tale, any fubjequent general meetings can now be called for the purpofes of the faid ads, unlefs there Jhall have been a previous ge- ■ neral meeting on one of the days before	may it therefore

E 3	plcafe

Digitized by ^ooQle

fa	Arind qtrairtb GfeofeGll ITL Kif.

pfceafe your Majefty,; that it thay be enaRed; *nd be rt enadteef by the Xing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirftual ahd temporal, and commons, its this prerent parliament aiRembled, and by the authority pf tilt* In counties feme, That it Ihall and may be lawful for his MajeftyVHedtfe* U^?as&en* nant cvei7 ccranty> ridmg, and place* where the mifitht hM or (hall be been or than be raifed, together with irtiy two or more deputy railed, general lieutenants, and on the death or removal, dr in the abfence of meetings may his Majefty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, in th?feme whenever and as often aS they (haH find necefiary, to fummoh, manner as in caufe to be fummbned, a general meeting, according to the couQtieswhere dntdtibrts bf the aR, faffed in the fecond year of the reign of tire mitltk has ^rs prefeitt MaJeftV, for ftmmoning general meetings in corn* and^fluSbave ***	the mmtTa -ha^ndt been rarfed; Which gerteral meeti

the fame pow- tags herein drredfed, foal! have the fame powers as tf Fuch ge* er as meetings neral meetings had been held bn the fad Tuefdcty in Majy or oh lift Ttitfday ih 0£Mery in each year, in puffuance of the faid

iaft^ueWif H« And whereas fthe raifing the militia has, in feme counties,

in O&ober. been delayed by the vacancy of lord Keutenants in particular

counties, and it is eflential to the good of the fervfcb, and the

In every conn- eftoblifhftierit of a militia, which, to be effectual, (hould bfe ge-

tv, &c. where nerai, that fuch local difficulties (hould be removed for the nr*

office °f turc; be it therefore enaReid, and it is hereby enacted, Thht in

iTvican^h^ tvclty epunty, riding, and place, where the bffice of lordfieute-

Majeftyto ap- nant is, or fhall be vacant, it mall and may be lawful for his

obint 3 deputy Majcfty, his heirs and fucteffors, to appoint three perfims out of

lieutenants, to the deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, riding, or place, tb

office fo far^s exectrtc tfle office of lord lieutenant 6f fuch county, riding, or

relates t6 tfbd place, fo far as the feme relates tb the executing the feYeral poW-

aftsfbr raifmg ers and authorities verted in lieutenants, in and by the feveral aRs

aitd training Qf parliament for the raifing and training the militia, during fuch the militia. vacancy.

No volunteer	w^ereas many inconveniencies havearifen m the fer-

orfubttitute to v*ce> ®rctai	wartt fQtn€ defer! ption of the men who (hall be

be admitted accepted fcs volunteers, offered by parifhes as parochial fobrti-and fworn, tutefc, or of men tendered to ferve as fubftkutesby perfonsebofen beh° feet n<>t ^ ballot; be it enadted, That no liich volunteer or fubftilute incho/high. taajl be admitted and fworn to ferve in the militia who (hail opt 6 ’ he five "feet four inches in height, and able and fit for A perfon be- IV. Add whereas it is become neceffary to prevent the militia ing in rolled to men of one county from inrolling themfelves in the militia of ferve in the another; be it therefore enabled, That if any perfon, after being, county °ande tarolled in the militia bf one county, riding, or place, (hall, during fuch fervice, engage and be inrolled to ferve in the militia of any other county, riding, or.place, he (hall, upon convidtion thereof before any one juftice of the peace of the county in which he (hall laft enter into the faid militia, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds; and in cafe fuch person (hall ndt immediately pay fuch penalty, (uch juftice of the peace fhall, by warrant under his hand and feal, commit fuch

perfon

3

ity, who mall engage and be inrolled to ferve in the militia of another county,

Digitized by

Google

iAnna quarto G&o&gu IIL 0.17*	55

Period to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, forfeits ioi. if where he {hall have been fo convicted, there to remain without ^ly^id ^to hail or main prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or be committed unlefs he fjiall fooner pay the penalty aforefaid.	for any time

V. And whereas the provifions in the faid aft, paffed in the not exceeding fecpod year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reimburfing 3 months# officers of parilhes the monies by them expended for the relief of militia men, who on their march, or at the place where they (ball be called out to annual exercife, (hall, by ficknefs or othcr-wifig^ want fuch relief, have been found infufficient for the pur-pofes thereby intended; be it therefore enafted. That in cafe A militia man any man ferving in the militia (hall, on the march, or at the on the march, nlace where he (hall be called out to annual exercife, be difabled ofexeixiie,di£ by ficluiefs or otherwife, it {hall and may be lawful for any one abled by lick* juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, or any mayor nefs, orother-or chief roagiftrate of any city, town, or place, where fuch 7 be.ro* man (hall then be, by warrant under his hand and feal, to order o^cer8 of the him fuch relief as he (hall think reafonable; and the officers of parithwherebe $he parifh, .tything,.or place, where fuch militia man (hall be fo lhall then be, relieved, (hall, upon producing an account of the expenccs P31*1^ °f-occafioned thereby, allowed under the hand of a juftice of the f^urftd the* peace, to. the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, for which expences oc-( Juch militia man (hall ferve, (hall be reimburfed fuch expences cafionedther^-by the treafurer of fuch county, out of the county (lock, and by, out of the (peb treafurer (hall, upon producing fuch account allowed as a- uMn^r^uc-Fprefaid, be allowed the fame in his accounts.	^ accounts"

VI.	And whereas, a$ the laws for regulating the militia now thereof allow* ftand, no power is given of punifhing fuch militia men as (hall, by a .after having joined their corps, defert during the time of annual of “c Pcacc* exercife, and not be taken till after the expiration of the time of

juch annual exercife, and confequently of the period now fixed for the continuance of martial law; be it therefore enafted.

That if any militia man (hall fo offend, and not be apprehend- Militia men cd during the time of fuch annual exercife, every fuch militia who after barman, being thereof convicted upon oath, before one juftice of	,0J£(6^

the peace, of any county where fuch militia man (hall be ap- fti^dcfcrt! prehended, (haflincur the penalty, and be fubjeft to the puhiih- during the* meat, inflifted by the laid aft of the fecond year of his prefect time of annual Majefty upon militia men not joining their corps.	,	^

taken till after the expiration of the time of annual exercife, (hall incur the fame penalty an militia men not joining their corps.

VII.	And whereas it would be very conducive to the prefervi-tion of order and difcipline, during the time of annual exercife, of great convenience to the corporals and private militia men in the fopplying them with neceflaries, and of eflential utility to their relpeftive families, if the captains or commanding officers were enabled to flop a limited part of the daily pay of luch corporals and private men when called out to annual exercife; be it therefore enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for every A captain or captain or commanding officer of the militia, to put the cor- o^^mayput

E 4	porals	corporals and

Digitized by (^.ooQle

56	Anno quarto G®oitGn III. c.17.	[1764.’-

private men porals and private militia men of his company under ftopffages, under ftop- not exceeding fix pence a day, for the purposes aforefaid: proceeds n6dCXaVKk^ always» That every captain and commanding officer fhalf dayVand (half ac<*>unt with each corporal or private militia man for the faid* account with ftoppages, before fuch corporal or private man (hall be difmHE* them for fuch ed from the faid annual exercife, having firft deduced what/hall ftoppages be- have been laid out for them for neceflaries and repair of arms SfaifaT torn damaged by their negledt. '

annual exer- VIII. And whereas no powers are granted by the faid aft, cif$.	palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for

f>unifliing drummers for misbehaviour during the time the mi-itia to which they belong is not'called out to annual exercife (except by their being difplaced 1>y their captain) which defeft in the law has been found inconvenient to the ferviceof the mi-* A drummer litia; be it therefore enafted, That if any drummer (hall be negligent in negligent in his duty, or difobedient to the orders of the adju-difobec^ei^to tant» or other his fuperior officers, and be thereof convifted the orders of upon the oath of the adjutant, or other fuperior officer, or the adjutant, other credible witnefs, before one or more juftice or juftices of °rot'^luPe’the peace of the county in the militia of which fuch drummer forfeit not ex° ^erves> fuch drummer {hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceed-* feeding40s. if ing forty (hillings, at the difcretion of fuch juftice or juftices ; notimmedi- and if (uch drummer (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, it ately paid, the fhall and may be lawful for the captain, or commanding officer company to C °f the company of militia to which fuch drummer (hall belong, ftop the pay ofand he is hereby required to ftop the pay of fuch drummer, un± fuchdrumnjer, til the fame (hall amount to the fum of money afcertained by to pay the pe- fueh juftice or juftices, as the penalty inflicted upon fuch drum-tobe*applied mcr> anc* the faid captain, or commariding officer, (hall pay the as part of the feme to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be appHea and common flock accounted for as part of the common ftock of fuch regiment or ot the regi- battalion $ and the receipt of the clerk for fuch fum mall be a mentor bat- <jjfcharge to the captain* or commanding officer for the fame;

and the money f<? paid, (hall be deemed as fo much money paid to fuch drummer for his fervice in the militia.

IX. And whereas by the faid aft, pafled in the fecond year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, it is enafted. That in all counties and places where the militia has not, or (hall not be raifed, by virtue of the feveral afts made for railing the militia forces, that the fum of five pounds (hall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private man therein direfted to be raifed within each refoeftive county, riding, and places which faid fum and fums of five pounds ptr man, the juftices of the peace of each refpeftive county, riding, and place, aflembled at their general or quarter feffions, arc direfted to rate and aflefs on the county; and that the faid fum and fums (hall be rated and aflefied in fuch and the fame manner, and according to fuch and the fame proportions, upon every town, parilh, and place, within each refpeftive county or riding, and (hall be collefted, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, by the perfons making fych col-leftipn, in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as the county

rates

Digitized by t^ooQle

57

17^4-] Anno quarto G£gHgii III. c. 17/

rates have been ufaally, or may, ty an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majcfty, intituled. An aft for the more eefy ajfeffng, collecting, and levying of county rates, be aflefled, colleded, received,' levied, paid, and accounted for: and whereas there ate feveral cities, towns, and places, in many counties and ridings, which do. not contribute to the payment of the faid fate, called the County Rate, by reafon whereof doubts have arifert, whether fuch cities, towns, and places can be legally rated or af-fcflcd towards the payment of the faid fum and fums of five pounds fir man, in purfuance of the dire&ions of the faid a6k of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty: and whereas it is juft and reafonabte, that all luch cities, towns, and places, (hofcld bear an equal (hare and proportion of the faid payment of five pounds per man with each county or riding where the mi* within which fuch cities, towns, and places, may happen to lie; lids (hall not be it therefore enabled, That in all cafes where the militia has ** fo€ fiot been raifed, or (hall not at any time hereafter be raifed, for “thi^which any county or tiding, within which any city, town, or place, any city (hall (hall not be rated to the faid rate called the County , the pay- not be rated ■sent of the faid (um of Sve pounds per man, upon the whole to the county number of private militia men directed to be raifed within every 5^’tof Arr county or riding, (hall be divided and apportioned between each man (hall i>e refpeaive county or riding, and each fuch refpe&ive city, town, apportioned and place within the fame, as (hall not contribute to the faid rate, between fuch called the County Rate., in' fuch proportion as the refpedlive quo- “tva* there-taa paid to the land tax by each refpedlive county or riding, and fpeaivequotal by each fuch refpedive city, tqwn, and place, bear to each other, paidtotheland and the refpedive fum and fums fo afeertained and apportioned tax bear to (hall be rated, levied, and paid, out of the rates for the relief JjjJd t£e iSm* the poor, to be collected within each fuch refpedtive city, town, fo apportioned and place, not rated to the faid rate, called the County Rate., by fltJTbe paid fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and regulations for ont of the levying, collecting,and keeping the feme diftinCt, as are preferib-ed m the faid ad parted in the fecond year of the reign of his city by the prefent Maiefty, for each refpedive county or riding; and the churchwar-church wardens and overfeers of the poor of each fuch refpedive denttndoTer-dty, town, and pl^ce, lhall, from time to time, pay over the ^ the lame to the treafurer or treafurers of every county or riding with- trerfurer of in which any fuch city, town, and place as aforefaid lies, in or- the county, to dcr that the laid treafurer or treafurers may pay over the fame to be by him paid the receiver general of the faid county or riding, together with the proportion of the faid fum of five pounds per man, dired- §,er with the" ed to be rated, levied, and paid, by each county or riding, by proportion of the faid ad pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent thefo^fumof

jL And be it further enaded. That in fuch cities, towns, ^y^uc&count/* and places, as are counties of themfelves, and yet have no fuch tb^tobefoU* rate or afleflineto as is called the County Rate, nor any powers or iowedln fuch" directions for rating, levying, or colleding the proportion of the cities as arc laid fum of five pounds per man, to be raifed by the county to counties of which the faid cities, towns, or jdaces are, by the faid ad pafled tbwdelves.

in

Digitized by

AflPO^qvBrtq	[1764^

i* tb«,feew4 year of the., reign -of hi* prefer Mw®¥» united, far th«^porpofes of (fee faid	the directions herein>«ofe given,

for rating,, levying* aqd ^coU^CUng the proportion of the faidl fum of Sye pounds ptr wm* within fuch cities, tqwns, and, places, as do not contribute to th# county ratq, Avail bq purfqed. and foUowed ia all fuch ckiesj tpwqs, or places* are counties of themfejvies. . t ,

XI., And wb&$a&) in fome*part* of this kingdom there ar^ towns wbh& lif in two counties* and doubts Jiay^arifea, whether fuch tpwns arc obliged to pay to both counts the fum of five, pounds vn Ijeu of every private militia man whjch Avail not bn Where a town naifed by foch counties it. be ifi therefore ena$pd by the authority lies in two afonetaid, That where any jtown bos in two counties, it (hall be Mtt^coakwful far th^frid town to cpntribjofa their quqtvfpr and in lieu, bnmhcitiqeo. of r^fmg *bs o>Uhia, for that cnunty only where the ehqrclv ta, in lieu of of the faid town is ntuatej apd the deficiencies of the other raifmg rtie mi- county rate, which the faid town would have.paid, Avail be made} tii^ tor that u ^ the county in general# and not by the divifion or hundred XTthdr where the M town is fixated.

clmrchfbmds* ahd the deficiencies of She other county aates, are to be made up bp the county in general,

cap. xvm.

Aa .aft far (barging on the finking fund, ter tain annuities granted by an aftfaffed in, the Jwfi year 9/ the reign of his frefent Mayefty •,. and far earryimg the duties mentioned, ta the faid fund-, - and for<eonfekdating fab of the faid annuities as are granted for a certain term	qf years, irredeemable, with other annuities granted

by an aft faffed in the fecoud year of his prefent Meyer fty's reign..

Preamble, re- Vt/^EREAS, inpurjuance of an aft of parliament made in citing cUufe* ▼ V the firfi year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in 1 Geo. An a<5t for granting to his Majefly an additional duty upoq II1*	(trong beef and ale; and for railing the fum of twelve millions,

• by way of annuities and a lottery., to be charged on the laid duty: jmd for furrier encouraging the exportation of ftrong beer ana ale; fever a Iperfons, bodies politic or	,	have advanced arid

lent the fum of twelve millions upon the credit of the feveral duties upon ftrong beer and ale by the faid aft	,far the purebafe. of

annuities	traits/errable at the bank ^England, after the rate of three

pounds per centum per annum, upon the faid fum of twelve mil* lions; andalfo of an annuity after the rate of one pound, two fallings, and fix pence, per annum, for every hundred pounds of the fum of eleven millions four hundred	pounds. Part of the faid fum

of twelve millions Jo fubferibed as	,	for a certain term if

ninety nine years, to be computed from the fifth day of January, ouf t Geo. III. thoufand feven hundred and fixty one: and whereas in purfuanie y an oft gfparliament made in the fecond year of the reign of his peer

*	... j-(nt

Digitized by

Anno quarm GcorCii III. c.i ff*

ySnr Mayfly, intituled, An aft for raifuig by annuities; ha manner therein mentioned, the font of twelve millions to be charged on the linking fond; and for applying the furplus of certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and alio the monies ariling from the duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an aft of this feffion of parlra* meat;	fitvralperfons, bodies	politic or , advanced and

km the Jum of	twelve milliont upon the credit of the furplus of the

fevered dudes on fpirituous	liquors, granted by two ads of

of tie twenty fourth and thirty third years if the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and on the credit of the fevered duties on finrittms liquors\granted by an ad of the year of bis perefent Majefty, far the	purchafi of annuities at the

bank of England, at the rates fo; that is to fay, for every fitrn of eighty founds by them advanced towards the Jum of nine Hons fix hundred thoufand pounds, part of the	twelve mHiions, to

bo milled to one hundred pounds capital, being an interefi of font founds per centum per annum, during the term of nineteen years ;

end after the expiration	thereof’,to an annuity of three pounds	pee

centum per annum on every hundred pounds of ftch abb by parliament; and for every twenty pounds of the fiem of two millions four hundred	thoufand pounremainder of (he fad twelve

nuUions, to an annuity of am pound per annum, for a certain term of ninety eight year's, to be computed from the fifth day of January, one tboxfind fiven	hundred and finty two: and whereas it is thought

omcejfitrythat the find annuities granted for the term of ninety tune yean from the fifth of January, one thoufand feytn hundred and finty mu, hytho find ailof the firf year of the reign ef his prefint Majefty, and transfirvabteat the bank of England, be, with -the confint ef tbt proprietors thereof, added to, and made a joint Jloek with, the Jaid annuities granted by the faid ail of the ficond year of the frig*	of bis'pttfini Majefty,far the term of ninety eight	,

from the fifth day if January, one thoufand fiven hundred and toot, alfi	trmsferoaUeat the hank of England;	that the charges

and exponees Of the find annuities granted in the firfi year of the reign of hit prof eta Majefty, be charged upon and paid out of the finking fond, in the fame and tike	as thofe of thefend annui-

ties granted in the feeonA 'year of the reign of his prefint Majefty Ore paid and payable: and whereas it is thought necejjary that the Jhid principal Jum of twelve millions borrowed on the credit of the fetid aiT of the firfi year of tho reign of his prefint together with the charges and expenses attending the fame, Jhould be, with ■ the confint if the proprietors thereof to bo	within the time

herein after-mentioned, charged upon, and paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and that the feverd duties upon firongbeer and ale, which by the faid ail were made a fund for the payment ef the faid three pounds per centum per annum amttfities, Jhould be carried to and made part of the Jaid ; may it therefore pkafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it ngsy be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and oonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftem-

bltd,

Digitized by LjOOQle

Co

Anno quarto Gbougii III. c. 18.

[i7^4*

The long an* bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after nuities grant- the fifth day of January? one thoufand feven hundred and fixty/ ef* 7" four, the feid annuities granted by the feud ad of the firft year ^Geo. III.	reign	of	his	prefent	Majefty,	for	the term of ninety nine

with content .years, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hun-> ofthe proprie- dred and fixty one, (hall be, with the confcnt of the feveral pren tort, to be ad- prietors, added to, and made a joint (lock with, the annuities made*ioint wkich were granted by the faid ad of the fecond year of the ftock with?	of his prefent Majefty, for the term of ninety eight years,

thofe granted from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and by aft * Geo. fixty two, transferable at the bank of England-, and that the h t0 bC c*largcs expences thereof be charged upon, and paid out an^payab^” the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, in the fame.and out ofthe like manner as thofe of the faid annuities granted for ninety Sinking Fund, eight years, in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma* jefty, are paid and payable; any thing in the faid ad made in .the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

The principal It. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefeid, fum of That from and after the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven ii,ooo,oool. hundred and fixty four, the fiud principal fum of twelve millions * thecredit of borrowed on the credit of the laid ad of the firft year of the aft i Geo. III.-reign of his prefent Majefty, carrying an interefl after the rate with the V>f three pounds per centum per annum, together with the chaiges charges at- and expences attending the feme, (hall be, with the confcnt of c^rgeS/witb t*lc proprietors, charged upon, and paid out of, the fund com-content of the monly called The Sinking Fund, until redemption thereof by jpar-propnerorsjon liament; any thing in the faid ad made in the firft ye?r of his F^und'ancT aid Pre^nt Majefty’$ reign to the contrary thereof in any wife not-

thereout, till withftanding.	,	,	.	.	c f. i

redeemed. HI* And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefeid. Annuitants That fuch proprietors of the feid annuities for ninety nine years, -and alfo fuch proprietors of the feid annuities on the capital on or before ^um twc^vc millions redeemable by parliament, granted by 1 June, 1764. the feid ad of the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to the charg- who (hall not on or before the firft day of June, one thoufand hig t^rre* ' feven hundred and fixty four, fignify their difient to the charg-nultirton the *n6 ^e*r t^P^^e annuities on the finking fund in books to be SinkingFund, opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, (hall be deemr deemed to af* ed and taken to afient thereto any thing to the contrary thereof lent thereto. in hny wife notwithftanding.

The monies IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, arifingby thfe That all the monies which' have ariien fince the nfth day of dft5CdfnadC January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, orthst paymentof mall or may hereafter arifeof the feveral duties upon ftrongbeer the faid an- and ale, which were made a fund for the payment of three pounds per centum per annum, in manner above mentioned, on twelve millions; and aho of the feid annuities for ninety nine years, by virtue of the faid ad made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty (which fum of twelve millions was granted towards the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and

fixty

nuities and

principal

fums,

Digitized by L^ooQle

6i

1764.} Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 19.

fixty one) (ha!! be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund? and the fame lhall be deemed and taken to be part of the fame finking fund; and (hall be to be carried Hlued and applied to fuch ufes and purpofes as the federal ex-	s,,iking

cedes, furplulfes, or overplus monies compofing the finking	*ccoA-~

fund, are or may be iflued and applied; any thing in the faid aft uigly. of the firft year bf the reign of his prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

cap. xix.	;

An a& for importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the rivers, bays, and coajls, of the colony ^pre-muie Quebec in America, and the feas adjoining, are commodi-oufiyftuated for carrying on a very advantageous fijhery, to the great benefit of the inhabitants of the faid colony, and to the extending the commerce and increafeng the riches of thefe kingdoms: and whereas it would be of great advantage to the faid fijhery, if his Majejlfs fubjefts were permitted to import fait into the faid colony direftly from foreign parts, in like manner as is allowed with refpeft to the fijheries if New England, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, by feveral Taws now in being: may it pleafe your molt excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from Ff0m an(J ^ and after the twenty fourth day of june3 one thoufand feven ter *4ju;ae * hundred and fixty four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any 1764, (alt may of his Majefty’s fubjefts to carry and import fait from any part he imported of Europe into the faid province oiQuebec in America, in Briti/b jn^Briti(h vef-» fipps and veflels manned and navigated according to the aft of maimed and parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles navigated ac-the Second, intituled. An aft for encouraging and increafing of cording to aft /hipping and navigation, and in the fame manner as fait may be I* Ctr* imported from Europe into New England and Newfoundland by 0fE^pemto an aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the faid King the province Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of of Quebec;

trade\ any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom* to the contrary in mUknmnn^ •r J . LA ..	0	'	-	*	ner as into

any wife notwithftanding.	New England,

&c. by virtue of *ft«j Car. IL

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiud, . . ' That this aft (hall continue and be in force from and after foroforone the faid twenty fourth day of June, for the term of one year from a, year, and from thence to the end of the then next fefion of June 1764. parliament,

CAE.

S'

.Digitized by

6a

Anno quarto Gso&gii III. c.20.' CAP. XX.



Preamble, reciting claufts in act at Geo, II.

The fort of Senegal, and

An all for vefting the fort of Senegal, and Its dependencies* in the company of merchants trading to Africa.

Me# re- \I7HEREAS by an all made in the twenty third year of the * * re*&n °f late majejiy King George the Second, intituled, An ad for extending and improving the trade tQ Africa, all the Britilh /tfr/j, fettlements, and factories, on the coaji of Africa, <?/&/ tf// other the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, bays, rivers,	iw/Ara rtr ^ fife

deferibed,	in the company by the fold alt ejlabli/bed,

and called The company of merchants trading to. Africa, and their JucceJfors, to the intent and purpofe, that the mid forts, fctflements, and premises, Jhould be employed at all times thereafter, only for the frotetfidny encouragement, and defence, 0//^ fat'd trade: and where-as the fort of Senegal tfm/	dependencies yjtre, by the late treaty of

peace, ceded to Great Britain, W are now fubjeft thereto: and whereas it woidd be of advantage to Great Britain, and to the trade to Africa, if the faid fort and its dependencies were alfo vefed in the /aid company: may it therefore plpafe your Majefty that it maybe enaded; and be it enacted by the king’s trioft excellent ma-$efty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaj ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after its debendea-	°* this ad, the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies,

dc£, vStel in he» anc^ the fame, and every part thereof, are hereby de-the African dared to be, veiled in the company of merchants trading to Africa, to be employed at all times hereafter for thp protedion^

. eneoqrageraent, ana defence of the African trade,.in the fame . manner, and under the fame regulations, and fubjecl to the famp rules, orders, diredions, governments, limitations, reftridions, ^.	powers, and authorities, as the other forts and fettlements on

.; I	o • the coajft of Africa are now veiled in the faid company, and fub-

iv	..	„.	jed to, by virtue of the faid recited ad, in as fujl, ample, and

4	y\[;	effedual manner, as the fame could or would have been, if

* »	o	the laid fort and dependencies had been mentioned in the faid

gd, or all the claules# provifoes, authorities, powers, diredions, limitations, rellridions, matters, and tilings, contained in the iaid recited ad, were herein again repeated and enaded.

Claufe in the D. And whereas by the faid recited ad, the committee for the mittd 3$, Anafe being having the diredion and management of the aftirs .	1 of ithe Aid company, are intpowered, out of the monies they

j	-flall ireceivc, to dedud annually a futn not exceeding dghthurb-

. tdred pounds, for paying Salaries, houfe-rent, and other charges, and for the other purpofes mentioned in the faid gd; which The commit- fum will now be inadequate to the expences of the faid com-^having the mittee, and the intention of the faid ad; be it therefore further man^ement enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid committee (hall of the affairs dedud annually out of the monies they (hall receive, a further of the compa- fum not exceeding four hundred pounds, for the purpofe of ny, impower-	paying

.1 1

Digitized by Google

1764.]	Anno	Quarto GfcoRon III. C.i i .	^3

paying the falaries of their clerks and agents at London.) 6ri/lot9*& to deduct, and Liverpool^ the houfe-rent of their office in* London^ and all	^

charges of management, commiflion, or agency In England, for and as a farther compensation"for their trooble and attendance ries, houffe-in the laid office as cbmmittee-men.	reht,

III.	And be it further enabled bv the authority aforefaid, Publick a6t. That this a<5t (hall be deemed, and taken to be a publickoft, and (hall be taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other. f,!' perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the ftme.

CAP. XXI.

An dtt for taking and f wearing affidavits to be made itfe of in any of the courts of the county falatint 0/ Durham. '

WHEREAS rir hath been found very inconvenient, that no Preamble.............

per fin or perfins is dr are tptpvwered'to grant iommiffions fdr the taking atiifwearing of affidavits to be read and made ufiof in the court of chancery of and for the county palatine ^Durham, and in the court of fiffion of pleas held in and for the fend county palatini of Durham, before his Majefifs juftices as will of pleas of the erown as of common pleas, and all manner of pleas tt/batfiever within the faid county palatine of Durham, in the feveral matters and taufes depending m the faid courts rtfpe£tively\ for remedy whereof* he it ena&ed fby the King's jnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeht of the lords fpmtua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled* and by theatN fhority of the fame. That the chancellor of the county palatine Th? chaacel-of Durham for the time being, the juftices of the court of pleas |gr* an|? ^ in and for the faid county palatine for the time being, or any ^urt ofplear two of them in their feffion of pleas, tjiall and may, by one or impowered to* more coonniffion or commiffions undo: the feveral feals of the iiTue commif-£ud refoe dive courts of chancery ind court of pleas in and for fio“s to P*0!** the faid county palatine of Durham, from time to time, as need fhall require, impower what and as many perforn as lhall be fidavits in thought fit and ftecefiary, to take and fwear all and dvery fuch pufesdepends-fcllkkvit and affidavits as any perfon or perfons fttall be willing j*^1*** and defirous to make before any of the perfons fo -impowered,

In or concerning any caufe, matter, or thing, depending, or	*

hereafter to be depending, or any wife concerning any of the proceedings to be in either of the faid courts of chancery, or court of pleas, in and for the faid county palatine of Durham* as matters in chancery in extraordinary do ufe to do* which faid The'affidayits affidavits, taken as aforefaid, lhall be filed in the feveral and re-fpeAive offices of the faid court of chancery, and the court of court*,***! pleas, in and for the faid county palatine of Durham 5 and the readia m*. fame fhall and may be read ana made ufe of in the find relpeo- dence. live courts, to all intents and purpofes, as other affidavits taken

tn the laid courts now are: and that all and every affidavit and....

'affidavits, taken as aforefaid, (hall be of the fame force as affidavits taken in the faid refpeAive courts now are: and all and penalty of •every perfon and .perfons fi^wearing him, her* or thcmfelves, forfwcaring.

in

Digitized by L=.ooQ[e

Cnriitor to make out the commiflions, upon a hat from the chancellor $ and hat from % juftices of the pleasj and make an entry thereof»

His fees for each commif-fion. .

Commiflion-ers fees for fwearing affidavits.

Officers of the refpeftive courts im-powered to take affidavits as heretofore.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 2 2 «	[	1764.

in fuch affidavit or affidavits, (hall incur and be liable unto the fame penalties, as if fuch affidavit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court: which faid feveral commiflions (hall be made out by the curfitor of the faid county palatine of Dur-ham, upon a fiat or warrant from the faid chancellor of the faid county palatine of Durham, for taking affidavits in the faid court of chancery; and upon a fiat or warrant from any two of the juftices of the pleas, in their feflion of pleas, in and for the faid county palatine of Durham, for taking affidavits in the faid court of pleas: and the faid curfitor (hall caufe an entry to be made, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, of the names of the per-fons to whom fuch commiflions are from time to time granted, and the refpedive times when iflued; and the following fees (hall be paid for each commiflion, and no more, (to wit) the fum of two (hillings for the fiat or warrant; the fum of four (hillings for making out the faid commiflion, befldes the Kind's duty, and value of the parchment; and the fum of four (hillings for fealing the fame: and every commiflioner or perfon fo impowered (hall take and receive, for the fwearing of every affidavit before him in the faid court of chancery ot Durham, the fum or fee of two (hillings, and no more; and for the fwearing of every affidavit before him in the faid court of pleas, in and for the (aid county palatine of Durham, the fum or fee of one (hilling, and no more.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That fuch officers of the faid refpeftive courts of chancery and court of pleas, in the faid county palatine of Durham, as have heretofore taken fwom affidavits, (hall and may continue fo to do, in the fame manner as if this aft had not been made.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for continuing feveral alls of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fifhery carried on by bis Ma~ jejly9s fubjefts.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS divers afts of parliament have been made for V V the encouragement of his Majefty's fubjefts to carry on and improve the whale fifhery, which, by the bounties given by the find afts, did) till checked by the late war, greath increafe, and by the continuance thereof, will fill further increafe, to the great advan± tage of the trade and navigation of thefe kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcntofthe lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority Aft < Geo. II. ^e fame. That an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of whkn was Ms late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for continued by encouraging the Greenland fifhery, which was to continue in force Quent aftt of *°r nine from t*ic twenty fifth day of December, one thou-q	fand feven hundred and thirty one 5 and which aft, by an aft

13 Geo. II.	of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his faid late Maje-

fty’s reign, intituled. An aft for continuing feveral hws thereim mentioned relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafic*

yards

Digitized by ^ooQle

1764O	Anno	quarto Georgii III. c. 22.	65

yards* and bowfprits, tar* pitch* and turpentine; to Britifh made fail cloth* and the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the Greenland* and to the whale fijbery; for granting a further bounty for all Jbips employed in the whale fijbery during the prefent war; for exempting harpoontrs and others employed in the Greenland fijbery trade* from being imprejfed; ahd forgiving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of eteris and apprentices; was continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which aft, by an aft of parliament made in the twenty fecond year of his** Geo. It faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fijbery* and for continuing fucb laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of fitch foreign protejlants as jhall ferve* for the time therein mentioned* on board fuch Jhips as Jhall be fitted out for the faid fijbery* was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which aft, by an aft of parliament made in the twenty eighth** Geo. It year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for continuing* explaining * and ameming* the feveral aft s of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fijbery carried on by his Majefiys fubjefts* and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others* upon three Jhips fitted out for the faid fijhery* and loft in the Greenland Seas, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- further cond-fion of parliament ; (hall be, and the ftme is hereby further con- “uedto *5 tinued, from the time in the faid lad-mentioned aft limited for UCCm 17 7' the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. Aft 6 Geo. U. That an aft made in the lixth year of the reign of his (aid late	by

Majeftv, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement of the1*™™^*' whale fijbery carried on by his Majefty s fubjefts* which was to be in before recited* force during the continuance ot the aft of the fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for encouraging the Greenland fijbery; and which was, by the (aid aft of the thirteenth year of his faid lateMajefly’s reign, continued unto the faid twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which aft was, by the faid aft of the twenty fecond year of his faid Majefty’s reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fifty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which aft was, by the faid aft of the twenty eighth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, further continued onto the twenty fifth day of Decemter* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next • VouXXVI.	F	feflioa

’ Digitized by L^OOQie

66

further continued to 25 Dec. 1767,

Aft 21 Geo.II. which was continued by a fubfequent a^t of 28 Geo.

farther continued to 25 Dec. 1767.

Anno quarto Georgii III. G. *3.	[ 1764;

feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the time in the faid lad mentioned aft limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December > one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That the faid aft of the twenty fecond year of his laid Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement and enlarge-went of the whale fijhery? and for continuing fuch laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto? andfor the naturalization of fuch foreign protejlants as Jhall ferve? for the time therein mentioned? on board fuch Jhips as /ball be fitted out for the faid fijhery, which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September? one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December? one thoufand leven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion or parliament ; and which was, by the faid aft of the twenty eighth year of his faid late Majedy’s reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December? one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament * (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the time in the faid lad mentioned aft limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December? one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and from thence to the end of Ac then next fefiion of parliament.

CAP. XXIII;

An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by loans or Ex* chequer bills •? and for applying certain monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the fervice of the year qne thoufand feven hundred and fixty four •? and for application of certain favings of publick monies and of monies arifen by the fait of military Jlores ? and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament •? and for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert in indentures? or other writings, the full fum agreed to be pend with clerks, apprentices, and other fervants.

Mofi gracious Sovereign?

Preamble. XXT E, your Majefifs mofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts? the commons ” of Great Britain in parliament affiembled? for raifing the re-fiduc of the neccffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majejly in this feffion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefiy the fums herein after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeechyour Majedy, fhat it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

%	Treaferf'

Digitized by CjOOQle

i764-]

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 23.

Treafmry impowered to take in loans, or ilTue Exchequer bills, for any fum not exceeding 800,0001. in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt aft of this feffion, concerning loans and Exchequer bills, thereby authorized to be taken and made.-------Claufes, Sec. in the faid aft relating to

loans or Exchequer bills, extended to this aft.----Exchequer bills fo if-

fued not to be tendred or received in payment of any of the publick taxes, ^before 6 April 17655 unlefs the fame (hall be in courfe of payment before the faid day. —The fame to be repaid out of the firft fupplies which fhali be granted in the next feffion ; or out of the fmking fund, if no fup-

plies be granted before 5 July, 1765.-----Monies iffued.for that purpofe

out of the linking fund, to be replaced out of the next fupplies. —- The bank impowered to advance on the credit of the faid loan, any fum or fums not exceeding 800,0001. the aft 5 Sc 6 W. Sc M. notwithttanding. - -—- And they are further impowered to iiTue the fom of 3,4.97 1. 9 s. $d. fur pi us of the duties upon beer, Sec. granted by aft 1 Geo. 3. to 5 Jan. 1764; and furplus of 150,000 k granted the laft feflion, for paying and cloathing of the militia $ remaining in the Exchequer. Alfo the fum of *01,469 H 19 s. 3d. 3 q. favings of the grant laft feflion, for pay of the Brunpwkk troops, fubfidies, and former grants, Sec. and 61,0881. 4 s. other favings ; and by fale of ftores in Germany and Portugal, to be applied towards the extraordinary expences of the land forces, Sec. incurred to $ Dec. 1763, not provided for. 170,906 k 2 s. 8 d. favings upon the ndn-et-feftive accounts of feveral regiments; to be applied towards the unfatif-fied claims in Germany, reported to be due.— The monies arifing by *he malt aft, land tax, with the fum of 2,000,0001. charged on the faking fitted3 and the fum of 1,110,0001. to be railed by the bank; and alio the 'aihrefaid lura of 3,497 k 9 s. 9 d. furplus remaining in the Exchequer of the duties on beer and ale; and alfo the favings on 150,000 k granted laft feffion for pay and cloathing of the .militia $ and 800,000 k granted by this aft; together with the money arifing by fale of French prizes taken before the war ; are appropriated, viz. 80,000 k for the marriage portion of the princefs Augufta, 1,430,5681.11 s. 9 d. towards naval fervices in jOTiend; 3,0*01. for building 4 houfes for the officers of the hofpital at Phnumib. 10,000 k upon account, to the commiffioners of Greenwich hof-pital, for out penfioners. 650,0001. towards paying off the debt of the navy. 1,231 L 17 s. 6 d. for paying a bounty for the year 1764, to the oldeft chaplains of the navy, who have ferved 4 years on board in the late war, and have not preferment of 501. per earn, value, viz. to 15 fuch is. 6 d. per diem, and to 15 others 1 s. per Mem. 173,080k 8 s. 6 d. charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice. 52,3591. 8 s. 1 d. charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice not provided for in 1763. 2,610,745 k 10 s. 7d. 3q. for pay, See. of the land forces in general; whereof 617,704 k 17 s. 10 d. 3q. charge of 17,532 effeftive men, including invalids, for guards and ganifons, See. 372,7741. 6s. 4d. 3q. for the forces and garrifons in the plantations, and in Minorca and Gibraltar ; and for provifions for them; 11,3221. 7 s. 3 d. for pay of the general and general ftaff officers. 8o,oco 1. on account, for pay and cloathing of the militia; 30,1881. 18 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines, for the year 1764; 125,4551. 13 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces difbanded in 1763* and fuch as are to be reduced for the year 1764. 1,605 k 15 s. to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe reduced, and fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards; 1,696k for penfions to officers widows. 103,794k 2s. for eut-penfioners of Cbelfea hofpital; 18,331k 17s. nd. deficiency in the grant .of the laft year for out-penfioners of the Odd hofpital in 1763 5 43.901k 3s. 7d. 3q. fubfidy to the duke of Brunswick, purfuant to treaty ; 50,000k on account, to the landgrave of Hejfe Caffel, purfuant to treaty; 823,876k 12s. ad. 3a. extraordinary expences of land forces, &c. incurred in 1763, not provided for; 329,093k 17s. 4d. upon account, towards fktisfying the claims in Germane, reported to be due. 1,800,000k for paying off Exchequer bills made out by virtue of an aft of the laft feffion; 5,703k 14s. ijd. for fupporting the civil eftablbhment in Nova S&tiaf 4,031k 8s. Id. for charges of the civil eftablifhmtat in Georgia; 5,700k for Charges ,	Fa	of

Digitized by

fTOmble.

Anno quarto GeoRGII III. C. 24.	[1764.

of the civil eftabli foment in Eaft Florida; 5,7001. for charges of the civil cftablifoment in Weft Florida \ 1,8181. for charges of the general furveys in North America \ »o,oool. for fupporting the forts and fettlements on tho coaft of Africa ; 38,3471. los. to the foundling hofpital, to be ifTued without fee ; 7,350!. to make good to bis Majefty the like fum ifTued by him, purfuant to the addrefs of the commons; io,oool. to enable the commit-boners for paving, See. the ftreets of Weftminfler, to perform the trufts re-pofed in them ; whereof 5,0001, to be paid by 5 April 1764} and 5,0001. by 5 April 176 2,oool. to the truftees of the Sritijb Mufeum ; 2,5001. toy. Blake efquire, for carrying on his fifo fcheme ; 545I. 15s. compensation* for lands purchafed, &c. under aft 2 Geo. 1. for erefting forts on the fen eoafts ; 1031.13s. 9d. iq. for intereft of principal money for lands purchafed under the recited aft of 2 Geo. 3. 7,000 to Samuel Toucbet merchant, expences incurred in fitting put vefTels in the expedition againfl Senegal, &c. 69,6711. is. ad. to replace to the finking fund the like fum ifTued thereout, for the half year's payment due 29 Sept. 1763. on the annuities granted on the navy and viftualling bills; 41,223!. ts. 6d. to make good the deficiency on 5 July, 1763. of the duties on offices and penfioiw, and upon hpufes and Ughts; 36,6991. x 53. ^d. aq. to make good the deficiency on 10 OB. 1763. of the additional duties upon wines imported, and duties upon cyder and perry; 129,4891. os. 3d. to make good the deficiencies of the grants for the year 1763. --Thefc aids to be applied to no other

ufes.---Rules to be obfervedin the application of the naif-pay.—Claufe

in the aft of 3 Geo. 3.—Application of the Pavings of the feveral Aims of 33,35x1. 17s. 6d. and 88,7041. 3s. 4d. granted the laft feffion towards

half*pay.--Claufe for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert in

indentures, or other writings, the full fum agreed to be paid with clerks^ apprentices, or fervants. The duties to be paid by 29 Sept. 1764.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of poftage.

WHEREAS, under colour of the privilege of fending and receiving pojl letters by members of parliament, free from the duty ofpoftage, many great and notorious frauds have been andfill art frequently praftifed', as well in derogation of the honour of parliament, as to the detriment of the publici revenue$ divers perfons having pre-fumed to counterfeit the hand, and otherwife fraudulently to mate uft of the names, of members of parliament, upon letters and packets to be Jent by the poft, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of poftage : and whereas the allowance of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, heretofore granted to, or cujlomarily exercifed by, certain per Jons not being members of parliament, in re-fpeft of their offices, has not been Jufficiently confined to fuch letters and packets only as relate to the buftnejs of their refpeftive offices, and may therefore, if continued without further reftriftions and limitations, be liable to great abufe : in order, therefore, to put the more ef-feftual (lop to thefe and the like frauds and abufes, and at the fame time to afeertain, for the better guidance arid direction of his Majefty’s poft mailer general, and the officers to be employed under him, in the performance of their duty, by what perfons only, and under what regulations or reftridtions, the privilege or allowance of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of poftage {hall thenceforth be enjoyed and

exereifed

Digitized by t^ooQle

1764*3 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 24.	69

exercifed, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; From and af-atid be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by andter 1 M*X’ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, n W ' *

revenue

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the of the poft of-aUthority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, foe (hall con-onc thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, fo long as the reve- tinu? bs nue arifing in the gerteral letter office or poft office, or office °f aggregatethC poft mafter general, (hall continue to be carried to, and made fund; no let-part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets fent by the poft, ters or packets to or from any place whatfoever, (hall be exempted from pay- be fixing the duty of poftage, according to the rates cftabliftied by the feveral ads of parliament now in force; other than and ex- fach fs (hall be cept fuch letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and fent from or to in fuch manner, and under fuch reftridions, as are herein after ^*Sing5 declared and ena&ed concerning the fame; that is to fay. Except j!"ceedine two all fuch letters and packets as (hall be fent from or to the King’s ounces in moft excellent majefty ; all letters and packets, not exceeding weight, as (hall, the weight of twb ounces, fent from and to any places (within bfi lent during the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland) during the fitting ofparliament any feffion of parliament, or within forty days before or forty br within 40 days after any iummons or prorogation of the fame, which (hall days before or befigned, on the outfide thereof, by any member of either of after fummons th# two houfes of parliament of Great Britain,, and whereof the whole fuperfeription (hall be of the hand writing of fuch mem-	the

her, or which (hall be direded to any member of either houfe outfide by a of the parliament of Great Britain, at any of the places of his member of ufual refidence, or at the place where he (hall actually be at the e't^fi1e°whoI time of the delivery thereof, or at the houfe of parliament, or *j?the e the lobby of the houfe of parliament of which he is a member; feription to be all letters and packets, not exceeding the weight of two ounces, of (uch mem. fent from and to any places within the kingdom of Ireland, dur- bfir'* wntmg \ ing the fitting of any feffion of parliament of Ireland, or within ^member, at forty days before or forty days after any fummons or prorogation his ufual refi-thereof, which (hall be figned, on tne outfide thereof, by any dence, or place member of either of the two houfes of the parliament of Ireland, where ^he (hall and whereof the whole fuperfcriptipn (hall be of the hand writ- Ih^boufeT&c; ing of fuch member, or which being fent, during fuch time as 0f parliament I aforefaid, from any part of Great Britain or Ireland to any part and in like of Ireland, (hall be direded to any member of either houfe of manner,letters the parliament of Ireland, at any of the places of his ufual re- j^^nd fidence, or at the place where he (hall adually be at the time to piaces jn of the delivery thereof, or at tjhe houfe of parliament, or the Ireland, du-jlobby of the houfe of parliament of which he is a member; all £>ng the fef-Jettcrs and packets direded to the lord high treafurer, or com- ^ within* o jniffioners of the treafury, or the fecretaries to the treafury ; to days beforeor ihe lord high admiral, or commiffioners of the admiralty, or afterfummons jhe fecretaries of the admiralty; to his Majefty’s principal fecre- °r proroga-iarics of ftate, or their under fecretaries; to the commiffioners ^ dircOed for trade and plantations, or their fecretary; to his Majefty’s aforefaid s fecretary at war, or the deputy fecretary at war 5 or to his Ma- alfo all letters jefty’s lieutenant general, Or other chief governor or governors and packets to * '	F3	of the lord high

Digitized by v^ooQie

7®	Anno quarto Georgii III. C. 24^	[1764*-

treafurer, or of Ireland, and his or their chief fecretary, his or their fecretary commiflion- for the provinces of Ulfter and	in	that kingdom, his or

f”:and ^re' their fecretary redding always in Great	,	the	under	fecre-

SSK; lord tary and firft clerk in the offe ce in Ireland of the faid chief fecre-high admiral, tary, the firft clerk in the office in Ireland of the faid fecretary, cttmmiflioners for the provinces of Ulfter and Munfter \ or to his Majefty’s poft— and fecret*- mafter general, or to thcL deputy erf the poftmafter general, for that mtraky; p^‘ part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the kingdom of Ireland9 cfpal (ecreta- or for his Maiefty’s dominions in America refpeAively \ or to rie* of (late, the fecretary of fuch poftmafter general, or deputy of the poft-and their u.n“ mafter general, or to the farmer of the bye and crofs road let-comSjncn ters> or to any of the furveyors of the poll office, all for the time* ftr trade being; and all letters and packets fent from any of the faid of-; and plants- fleers for the time being, which (hall be figned, on the outfid^ tions, or their thereof, by fuch officer, and whereof the whole fuperfcriptjon ftcretary at	likewife be of the hand writing of fuch officer; and alfo

war, or his de- except all letters and packets fent from the treafury, the admi-puty; lieute- ralty office, the office of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, the plantation office, the war office, or from the general poft office at London, or from any of the chief offices at Edinburgh, at Dublin, or in America, and which (hall appear, by an indorsement made thereupon by feme perfon properly authorized as herein after mentioned to make the fame, to be upon his* Majefty’s fervice, and (hall be fealed with the feal of the office, the provinces or w*th the fad °f the principal officer in the office or depart-of ulfter and ment from which they are fent.

Munfter; their fecretary redding in Great Britain 5 the under fecretary, and firft clerk. In the office in Ireland of the chief fecretanr, and the firft clerk in the office of the fe«* cretary for Ulfter and Munfter, the poftmafter general, or deputy for Scotland, Ireland, and America $ the fecretary, or deputy of the poftmafter general; farmer of the bye and crofs road letters $ furveyors of the poft office; and letters and packets fent from any of the faid offices, figned by them on the outfide, and the whole fupericription of then* writing t and letters and packets from the treafury, admiralty office, office of the fecre-r taries of ftate, plantation office, war office, general poft office at London, chief offices Edinburgh, Dublin, and America, indorfed for the King's fervice, and fealed with the leal of office, or of the principal officer in the department.

rant general, or other chief governor or

fovemors of reland; or their chief fecretary, or fecretary for

Commiffioners IJ. And, for more effeAually preventing $11 fuch frauds and pfthetreafu. ^bufes as might otherwife be praAifed under colour of theal-raltyf the fe- lowance hereby granted and continued, of fending letters and cretaries of packets from the feveral offices and officers herein before men-ftate, commif- tioned free from the duty of poftage; be it further enaAed by *°dCrS t*ie authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the plantations, l°rd ^gb treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, the lord fecretary at* high admiral, or commiffioners of the admiralty, his Majefty’s war, poftma- principal fecretaries of ftate, the commiffioners for trade aftd ter g?n®ral* plantations, his Majefty’s fecretary at war, his Majefty’s poft-ties,impower- mader* general, and the deputies of the poftmafter general*here-r ed to author *n before mentioned, all for the time being,‘to authorize and rize certain direA certain perfons in each of their offices or departments re-peirfons in	fpeAively, a lift of whofe names (hall be from time to time tranf-

office*r ofC”	by the principal officer or officers authorizing the fame,

whom*lifts to to the general poft office in London, to make and fubferibe an in-tmnfmitted dorfement upon each lett# pr packet wbicfi (hall concern the to the general	f	*	public^

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764.]	Anno	quarto	Georgii	III. c. 24.	71

!niblick bufinefs of their refpeftivc offices, fignifying that fuch poft office, etter or packet is. upon his Majefty's fervice, and to feal the London,toin-fame with the feal of fuch office or officer refpeftively ; all which dorfc tJje lct~ perfons are hereby ftriftly forbid fo to indorfe and feal any let-	the

ter or packet whatsoever, unlefs fuch only concerning which King’sforvice* they /hall receive the fpecial direction of their fuperior officer, and feal the • or which they (hall themfelves know to concern the bufinefs of fan“ the their refpeftive offices; and if any perfon employed in any of the ^ °soneto /aid offices, /hall knowingly make and fubfcribe fuch indorfe- t* f0 indor-cnent, or procure the fame to be made upon any letter or packet fed and fealed, which does not really concern the bufinefs of the office in re- but by direc-fpeft of which he is authorized to make the fame, he (hall, for fuT-Hor of-the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be fiCcr,or which recovered and applied in fuch manner as, by the aft of the ninth concerns the year of the reign of Queen Anne for eftabli/hing a general poft bufinefs of the office, is direfted, with refpeft to the penalties inflifted by the ® . ce, OIl j laid aft; and, for the fecond offence, (hall be difmifled from his for the ’ Office.	offence, to be

recovered and applied as by aft 9 Anns is direfted, and for the fecond offence, the offender to be difmi/Ted

III.	Provided always. That the number of perfons fo to be Perfons ap-appointed, in each of the offices above mentioned, to make and pointed to fubfcribe fuch indorfement as aforefaid, /hall not exceed two in	m*

any one office or department* except only in tbe admiralty office ^ ct0 exc9^. and the war office 5 and that the number fo to be appointed in % in any of-the admiralty office (hall not exceed eight in time of peace, or fice, admiralty twelve in time of war; and that the number fo to be ap- jjjjdwarof-pointed in the war office (hall not exceed fix in time of peace, win^he Id! or ten in time of war.	mindty not to

exceed 8 in time of peace, and 12 in tinpe of war $ and in the war office, not to exceed 6 in time of peace, and 10 in time of war.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority where any aforefaid. That in cafe any perfpn intitled to lend letters or privilegedper-packets free pf the duty of portage, being, by bodily infirmity, f°n> difabled difableri from writing the whole /uperfeription of fuch letters or [j,e^hde/u-packets, (hall chufe to authorize and appoint fome one perfon, perfoription," on his behalf, and in his ftead, to fign his name upon, and write /hall authorize the fuperfeription of, fuch letters and packets, and /hall caufe fome perfon to notice thereof in writing, under his hand and feal, to be tranf- 1J^ame mitted to his Majefty’s poftmafter general, all letters and pack- write* the fuels, fo figned and faperfcribed by rite perfon fo authorized and perfoription, appointed, (hall be allowed to piafs free of the duty of portage, and give no-and (hall in all refpefts, be proceeded with, as if the whole fu-perfeription had been of the hand writing of the perfon by handandfeal whom fuch authority was given as aforefaid.	to the port-

mafter general, letters and packets fo figned and faperfcribed, (hall go free.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That Printed votes nothing herein contained (hall extend to charge with the duty of poftage, any printed votes, or proceedings in parliament, or mfnt^a^d printed news papers,'being fent without covers, or in covers newspapers, open at the fides, which (hall be figned, on the outfide thereof, fent without

*	v a	bv	cover,»or ,n

*	*	covers open at

Digitized by

Google

the (ides, and figned on the outfide by a member, or dire&ed to a member, ac

Clerks in the offices of the Secretaries of ftate andpoft office, being duly licenfed, may continue to frank the

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. *4:	[ 1764*

by the hand of any member of parliament, in fuch manner as hath been heretofore pradtifed, or which (hall be directed to any member of parliament, at any place whereof he Shall have given, notice in writing to the poftmafter general, or to his deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin refpedtively, but that all fuch votes, pro— wording to no- ceedings, and news papers, fo lent and figned or diredted as a-him tothe * forefaid, (hall be received free of the duty of portage; anything poftmafter ge- in this or any former adV to the contrary notwithftanding. neraJ, or liS deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin, are to go free.

VI.	And forafmuch as it hath been ufual for the clerks in the offices of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, and al-fo for certain officers in the office of his Majefty’s poftmafter general, to frank printed votes, and proceedings in parliament, and printed news papers, to be fent by the port; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch clerks and officers as aforefaid, being thereunto ceedingsm° ^ccnkd by his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or his parliament, Majefty’s poftmafter general refpedlively, to continue to frank and news pa- fuch printed votes, and proceedings in parliament, and printed pers, as here- news papers, in fuch manner as they have heretofore been ac-in!? the fame cu^otne<^ to frank the fame; provided that fuch printed votes, without co- proceedings, and news papers, (hall be fent without covers, or yrrs, or in co- in covers open at the (ides, vers open at the fides.	«

Poftmafter *e- VII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, neral, and of- hat it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s poftmafter ge-ncers under neral, or any of the officers employed under him, to examine him, may and fearch any packet fent without a cover, or in a cover open packet fent ** t*ie ^es’ *n or^er to difeover whether any other paper or without a co- thing whatfoever be inclofed or concealed in or with fuch print-ver, or in a ed paper, as is hereby permitted to be fent free of portage with-cov«ropenat out a cover, or in a cover open at the fides; and in cafe any and iftbev	paper or thing whatfoever (hall be found to be in-

wall find any dofed or concealed in or with fuch printed paper as aforefaid, other paper or or in cafe there (hall be any writing, other than the fuperferip-thing inclofed tion upon fuch printed paper, or upon the cover thereof, the thCrC*(h ?ibe ^hole of ftich packet (hall be charged with the duty of portage, Jny^writing, according to the rates eftablifhed by the feveral adts of parlia-other than the ment now in force for that purpofe.

fuperfeription upon the printed paper, or cover, the whole of fuch packet is to be charged with the poftage.

jf rfon VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ihall, after i That if any perfon (hall, after the firft day of June, one thou-June*, 1764, fand feven hundred and (ixty four, counterfeit the hand writing counterfeit the 0f 2ny perfon whatfoever, in the fuperfeription of any letter or ^(bn^in^he y packet to be fent by the poft, in order to avoid the payment of Ibperfcr?ption. duty of poftage, every perfon, fo offending, (hall be deemed of any letter guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported for feven years, or packet, to avoid the poftage, he (haU be adjudged guilty of felony, and be tranfported for 7 years.

CAP.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

j 764.3	Anno	quarto	Georoii III. c. 25*	7	j

CAP. XXV.

An aft for tftablifhing an agreement with the governor ani company of the bank of England, for raifing certain fums of money towards the fupply for the fervice of the year* one tboufand feven hundred and fixty four\ and for more effeftually preventing the forging powers to transfer fucb flocks or receive fuch dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perfonating the owners thereof.

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made in the feventb Preamble, re.

year of the reign of her fate majejly, Sheen Anne, intituled, 9ltin3 c]aufe* An aft for enlarging the capital ftock of me bank of England) inatt7 Ann*, and for raifing a further fupply to her Majeftj for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine; it was declared and enafted, That the governor and company of the bant of England, and their fuccejforsfor every Jbould continue and be one body corporate and politic) and Jbould for ever have) receive, and enjoy, the entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds therein mentioned) out of certain rates and duties of excife therein deferibed, and fuch abilities, capacities) powers 9 authorities) franchifeS) exemptions) privileges^ profits) and advantages, as are therein expreJJ'ed) fubjeft never thelefs to a power and condition of redemption in that aft contained in that behalf; and it whs thereby provided and enafted) That at any time) upon twelve months notice, after the fir ft day of Auguft which Jbould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand Jeven hundred and thirty two, and not before) and upon repayment by parliament to the Jaid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, of the feveral fums amounting to one million fix hundred thoufand pounds therein mentioned, without any deduction, difeount) or abatement whatfoever) to be made out of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucceJJorS) of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interejl money which Jbould be owing unto them upon all Juch tallies) Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fuccejfors, Jbould have remaining in their hands) or be intitled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given as a-forefaid (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion was made in the fame aft) only excepted) then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then9 the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jbould ceafe and determine, as by the faid aft (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majejly's reign, (intituled, An aft to it Annas, raile twelve hundred thoufand pounds for public ufes, by circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majefty to raife five hundred thoufand pounds on the revenues appointed for ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of fuch debts^ and arrears owing

to

Digitized by LjOOQle

74	Anno	quarto Georgii III. c. 25.	[1764.*

to her fervants, tradefmeo, and others, as are therein mentioned) the before recited provifo or condition, for determining the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, upon twelve months no* tice after the faidfirjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty two, upon fucb payments as aforefend, was thereby repealed and made void j and it was thereby provided and enabled, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firjl day of Auguft, which Jlmld be in the year of our Lord one thoufand Jeven hundred and forty two, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuc-cejforsj of the faid fum of fixteen hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduftion, difeount, or abatement whatfoever, and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money, which Jhould be owing to them upon all fetch tallies, Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, Jhould have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time of feuch notice to be given / as aforejaid (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifeon is made in the faid former afts, or any of them, or in the faid recited aft, always excepted) then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jhould ceafe and de-'	termine:	and	it	xs alfo further provided and enabled. That from and

ef ter fuch redemption of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and from and after redemption Jhould be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one-, founds, thirteen JbilUngs, and five pence, by the faid recited afty of the feventh year of her faid late Majejly's reign, fettled and payable to the faid governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned, and from and after redemption jhould likewife be made of the fund ejiablijhed by the faid recited aft, in relation to the Exchequer bills therein mentioned, then, and not till then, the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank a/* England Jhould ceafe and determine ; but till then the faid governor and company Jhould continue a corporation, and Jhould have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were intitled to, as by the fame aft (relation being thereunto had\ may more fully appear: and whereas by an aft of parliament made iri >5 Geo. II. the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second (intituled, An a<5t for eftablifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two) the faid governor and company, and their feuccejfors, were direfted to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majejly s Exchequer, for his Majejly s ufe, the full fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, on or before Juch time, and in fuch man* ner, and under fuch conditions, as in the faid aft are mentioned; and it was thereby declared and enafted, That the feveral and reflective provifocs, contained in the faid afts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majejly JJueen Anne, and each of themy 0/td oil other provifoes contained in any other aft or afts ofparliament for

deur*

Digitized by

Google

»

17^4-]	Anno	quafto G*ORGii III. C. 2gl

determining	the'find fund of ont hundred thoufand pounds per annum,.

and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank ^fEng-land, upon the refpedive notices and payments in the fomerefptHrue ails mentioned, Jbould be, and were thereby repealed and made-void; and	.

thefaid governor and	company of the England,	enlarged at.

afarefatd, and their fuctejjors for everemain, continue, and be* me body corporate and politic, by the name	and	Jbould

for ever have,	receive,and	enjoy» the faid entire yearly fund of one.

hundred thoufand pounds, out of the faid rates and duties of	,

together with a perpetual fuccejjion, and privilege of	,

as therein after was mentioned, and aU other	capacities,

powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges,	ami.

advantages whatfoever, wbereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the find	were infilled’

by the Jaid a8s of the feventb and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late	majefty fputen Anne, or either of thorn, or by any ether alt

or ads of parliament, grants or chartewhatfoever, then inf era ; aU which were by the faid all ratified and confirmed to the find governor and company, and their fuccejfors, freed and difeharged of and from the faid provifoes and conditions of redemption thereby repealed* or intended to bt repealed, as aforefaid, and all other provifoes, ails, matters, and things, whatfoever, theretofore had, niadej done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, ' or making void, the faid corporation, or. yearly fun4 of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the ftid privilege of exchfive banking, and	their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions,	»	pro-

fits, and advantages, or any of them JubjeCt neverthdefs to fetch re-JlriCiions, rules, and directions,	.and other agreements,

matters, and dungs, as in the	feidaCts and charters, or any of them

then in forte, were contained or prefaribed, and alfo power and condition	ofredemption thoreafterin the feud all. contained

in that behalf-, and it was thereby alfo provided and	That	at

any time, upon twelve months notice, after the day of Auguft, which Jbould be in the year	of our Lord ont Jftvtn hundred

and fixty four, and not before, and upon the re-payment bp parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank <f England, or their	fiicufjors,as well	of the faid of one tmUiois fix hundred

thoufand pounds formerly	advancedi of the Jum of one million Jin

hundred tboujand pounds before mentioned then to bt advanced, a-meunting, in the whole, to the fum of three thoufand pounds, without any deduction, or abatement soever, to bt made out of the faid fum of thru millions two hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fuccejof all tht arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and fit. the principal and interejl money which Jbould bt, owing unto them upon all fuch fair lies. Exchequer orders. Exchequer bills, or parliamentary , which the find governor and company, or	Jbould	have

remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time	notice

to be given as aforefaid	(feucb funds for redemption whereof .other pro-

pifion was made in and by the acts of parliament tbtrein	,

always

Digitized by

Google

76;	Anna	quarto	Gborgii	III. c.	f i 764.

alway s and only excepted) then, in fuch cafe, and not till then, the J'aid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jbmld ceafe and determine: and whereas the faid governor and company of the bank of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the fuppfy granted to your Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoujand feven hundred and fixty four, the fum of one million, on Exchequer bills hearing interejl at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the faid interejl to be paid quarterly, and the faid Exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of the firji aids or fupplies which Jball be granted by parliament for the fervice of the year one thoufani feven hundred and fixty fix, and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies Jball not be granted for that purpofe before the fifth day of April, one thou-fond feven hundred and fixty fix, the fame to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the finking fund$ and alfo to pay into his Majefifs Exchequer,towards the faid fupply, the fum of one hundred ana ten thoufand pounds, without any repayment of the principal, or allowance of interejl for the fame, provided that the privilege of exclufiye banking, ana all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in this or any former a& contained, be granted and confirmed to the faid governor and company, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned: now we, your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Commons of. Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firOus to raife, with as much eafe and advantage as poffible to your fubjefts, the necefiary fupplies, and to encourage the faid governor and company to advance the dud fums of one million, and of one hundred and ten thoufand pounds, in the manner herein after appointed, do snoft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may bercna&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s tnoft Commiflion- excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the ersof thetreaw |OKjg fpintual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-edTat'any * lament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it. time before	(hail and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of his Ma-

5	Jan. 1765, to j®fty*s treafury now or for the time being, or any threeor more djreft Exche- 0q	or	rhc	high	treafurer	for	the time being, at any time

made out for or times before the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven any fum not hundred and fixty five, to cauie or direft any number of Ex-exceeding chequer bills to be made out for'any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million, in the fame or as is prTfcrib- manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or ed by the malt like rules and directions, as in and by an aft of this prefent fef-®ft of this fef- fion of parliament (intituled, An all for continuing and granting Aon, concern-t0 fa Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for bifis the-cSy^	y£ar	one	thoufand	feven hundred and fixty four) are

authorized to enafted and prefcribed concerning the Exchequer bills to be be made out. made in purfuance of the faid aft.

Claufes, &c. II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforcfaid. That *n thc,®ljd ^ all and every the claufes, provides, powers, privileges, advan* the^xchequer tagcs* penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the bills to be4 faid laft mentioned aft, relating to the Exchequer bills autho-snade in pur- rized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do

charge

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764.3	Anno	quarto	GeorGH	III. c.25.	77

charge the tune on the taxes granted by the lame aft, and fuch fiwnce ^ claufcs as limit or relate to the afcertaining the rate of intereft a<a# . to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the laid ad, and alfo except as herein after mentioned) (hall be applied and extended to the Exchequer bills to be made in purfu-ance of this ad, as fully and effeduallv, to all intents ana pur-pofes, as if the fame had been originally authorized by the faid fart mentioned ad, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefeid, Bill* to carry

That die faid Exchequer bills (hall bear an intereft after tht per cent, rate of three pounds per centum per annum.	wterett.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Exchequer rity aforefeid, That no Exchequer bill or bills to be made out bills (o ilTued; by virtue of this ad, (hall, after the feme hath or have been not to be ten-lliued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the dc.r«*<?r refifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, !re- ment ofany^* wived or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or collector of the publick in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, taxes, before aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, 5 April, 1766* or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the Exchequer, from any fuch

receiver or colledor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwife, or on any other account, than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame unlei* the lhall be in due courfe or order of payment, before the faid fifth feme be in day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; nor (hall C0UI*e any fuch receiver or colledor exchange, at any time before the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, for any money 01 fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any Exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been ifiued as aforefeia by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any adion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledor, for negleding ot refuting to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money before the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven Hundred and fixty fix; any thing in the faid ad made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting tq bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fer~	’

vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	^

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That The feid Mitt all fuch Exchequer bills, together with the intereft and charges 10 ** WP incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and art hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or borne by (ha^b^ grantor out of, the firft aids or fupplies which (hall be granted by edforthcyeju*' parliament for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hun- *7** i dred and fixty fix; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, then all the faid Exchequer bills, with the intereft and charges incident to or attending the feme, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon

fuch

Digitized by LjOOQle

7$	Anno quarto Georgii III. 0,25;	{1764.

foch monies as, at any time or times at or ifter the (aid fifth day ontof A April, {hall be or remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, of fok^ftindt the furplufles, excefles^ overplus monies, and other revenues, if no Applies compofingthe fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except be granted be-fuch monies of the faid linking fund as (hall then be appror-fore 5 April of priated to any particular ufe of ufes by any aft or afts of parlia-*****ycar* ment in that behalf) and fuch monies or the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly ftated and ascertained, for and towards paying ofl^ cancelling, and difeharging, fuch Exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the r&-fpe&ive proprietors thereof.	,

Montes IHbed VI. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore-for that pur- fa*1€^ Xhat whatever monies lhall be fo iffued out of the faid EhkingVundT furplufles, exceffes, overplus monies, or other revenues com-lo be replaced pofing the finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced out of the firft by and opt of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in par-fupphes after. lament j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-«	^	Handing.

Bank to ex- . VII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore*-change for faid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng~ monqr and their fuccefiors, (hall and are hereby required to ex-WHs^ifbaU c^ange for ready money, from time to time, all fuch of the laid be tendered Exchequer bills as (hall, at any time or times before the faid them before fifth day of April, one thoufimd feven hundred and fixty fix, be A* ^ tented or produced to them, or their cafhier or caftiiers, for Aefotereft t*lat PurP°k> by any perfon or perfons; and (hall pay or caufe due thereup- he paid to fuch perfon or perfons, in ready money, the fum on$	for which every fuch bill, fo tendered or produced, was iffued,

together with the intereft, after the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, which (hall be then due thereupon ; and fhall exchange, in manner as aforefaid, fuch of the faid bills as ihal! have been, from time to time, paid away or circulated by or on the behalf of the fiud governor and company, or their and no allow- fucceffors, and (hall before thefaid fifth day of April, one thoufand ancc is to be feven hundred and fixty fix, be tendered or produced as afore-

bank to the *a,cJ’ as °^cn a8 ^uch ^a11 *iaPPen * and the faid governor and company, or their fuccefiors, pr their agents orlervants, (hall not be mtitled to or receive any premium, rate, or allowance whatfoever, for or in refpeft of the exchanging or circulating the faid Exchequer bills; any thing herein, or in any other aft of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bank refufing VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

JP difcharge That in cafe the faid governor and company of the bank of lucn mils, England, or their fuccefiors, or their ca(hier or caftiiers, (hall negleft or refufe to exchange any fuch Exchequer bill or bills for ready money as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, upon demand thereof made at their chief ' office within the city of London^ for the fpscc of twenty four

nours,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

79

1.764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c.2£.

hoars, then the perfon or perfons demanding the lame, or the per-fon or perfons for and on whofe behalf fuch demand (hall be made, (hall and may recover fuch money to his, her, or their the money own ufe, by action of debt or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or infbr-	ree®*f

mation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at	,	thecouitTat

wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall wdbmofta, be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which adion, bill, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the /aid governor and company, or their fuccefibrs, are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the money demanded upon the faid bill or bills, according to the form of this (iatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufbcient; and the plaintiff, or plaintiffs in fuch adion, bill, fuit, or information, (hall recover againft the laid governor and company, and their fucceflors, not only the money fo negleCted or refufed to be paid, but alfb with damages, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, after the rate on fuch money, together with mil cofts of fuitj and the faid of *j'- P«r governor and company, and their fuccefibrs, and their faid dock and funds, (hall be, ana are hereby ipade fubjed and liable there* unto.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ciaufes in the That the ciaufes, powers, and provisions, in the (aid ad, made malt aft of in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An a£t for ton- f<dEon re.

tinuing and granting to bis	Majefty	certain duties upon matt, mum,

cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufand /even Exchequer hundred and fixty four, relating to fuch perfon or perfons, body bins, or bodies politick or corporate, as fhould contrad by virtue of that ad with the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, for the circulating and exchanging for ready money the Exchequer bills by the laid ad authorized to be ifiiied (except the daufe for altering the rate of intereft, and fuch other parts as are varied by this ad) (hall extend to and operate with refped to the faid govern, extended to or and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefibrs, in retation to the Exchequer bills to be made out, exchanged, and circulated, by virtue of this ad, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if a contrad in writing had been made for that purpofe in the manner prefcribed by the faid ad, and as if the faia ciaufes, powers, and provifions, were herein fpedally re-enaded, and applied to the purpofes of this

ad.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, tQ „„

That the faid governor and company of the bank of	,	intotheExcho-

and their fuccefibrs, (hall advance and pay into the receipt of quer no.oool. his Majefty’s Exchequer, for his Majefty’s ufe, the full fum of by*j April* one hundred and ten thoufand pounds, on or before the twenty 1?(+’ third day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four;

and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccefibrs, fhall not be intitled to any repayment of the principal, or allowance of any intereft for or in refped of and no repay, aii or any part of the (aid fum of one hundred and ten thoufand me"t be.

pounds}ra4de * Ptm*

Digitized by v^ooQle

go	Anno	quarto	GeoACiI III. C. 25.	[1764*

cipalorintereft pounds; and in cafe the faid governor and company of the for the fame, bank of England, or their fucceflors, (hall make failure in the Bank making fod payment lb by this a6l appointed to be made into his Ma-monev mai be Exchequer as aforefaid, the faid fum of one hundred and recovered m tcn thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, remaining unpaid, af-apy of the , ter the faid twenty third day of April one thoufand feven hun-courtsatWeft- dred and fixty four, (hall and may be recovered to his Majefty’s minfter; ufe by a(cyon Qf fob^ 0r upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfler, wherein no elfoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance: in which aCtion, bill, fuit, or information, it lhall be lawful to declare, that the faid governor and company, or their fuccelfors, are indebted to hi» Majefty the money or which they (hall have made default in payment according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch action, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe againft the faid governor and company of the faid with damages bank	England,	or their fucceflors, damages after the rate of

after the rate twelve pounds per centum for the money fo unpaid contrary to of ixl. per this aCt, together with full colls of fuit; and the faid governor cent, and full ancj company and their fucceflors, and their faid (lock and funds, cott8#	(hall be, and are hereby made fubjeft and liable thereunto.

In confident- XI. And for the encouragement of the faid governor and tion of the company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, to exbanks com- change and circulate the faid Exchequer bills, in the manner L^premifres, an<* «u”ng the time herein before mentioned, and to pay into * the receipt of his Majefty’s Exchequer the faid fum of one hundred and ten thoufand pounds on or before the day above limited; and to the end the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, may have a competent recompence and confideration for fo doing; it is hereby declared and enaCted by the authority Part of the aforefaid, That fuch part of the faid recited provifion contained provifion in in the faid a<St, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late the recited a& majcfty King George the Second, as relates to the determining relatine^o the the fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and determining the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank their fund,&c. of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, ** repealed* (hall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the faid continued^ governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-body corpo- ceflors for ever, (hall remain, continue, and be, one body corporate, &c. with rate and politick, by the name aforefaid, and (hall for ever have, Jdlth^r f?r- receive, and enjoy, the faid intire yearly fund of one hundred wivUeges,1 and thoufand pounds out of the faid rates and duties of excife, to-advantages. gather with a perpetual fucceflion, and privilege of exclufive banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England are, or, before the making of this aCt, were intitled, by the faid a6ts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majefty

Queen

Digitized by L^ooQle

1764-] Anno (Jifairto Geoitgii III. c. 2$;	ll

Queen Anne, and the faid acft of the fifteenth year of the reigrt of his late majefty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other a6t or acts of parliament, grants or charters what-foever now in force; all which are by this a<5t ratified and confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, freed and difchargeu of and from the laid provifo and condition* of redemption hereby repealed or intended to be repealed as a-forefaid, and all other provifoes, powers, a&s, matters, and things whatfoever, heretofore Had, made, done, or committed* for redeeming* determining, or making void, the faid corporation or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the laid privilege of exclufive banking, and all other their abilities* capacities* powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions* privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of thetn; fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftriltions* rules, and directions, and alfo to fuch other agreements, matters* and things, as in the faid ads and charters* or any of them now in force, are contained or prefcribed, and alfo fubjeCt to the power and condition of redemption hereafter in this ad contained in this behalf.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That at any time, upon twelve months no- Claufe dfr£ tice after the firft day of Augujt, which Oiall be in the year of	A

pur Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, and not ionics ad- ' before, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor vanced by th* and company of the bank of England, or their fucceflbrs, of the bank on the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds ad- parliamemary vanced by virtue of the faid in part recited ads, without any deduction, difcount, or abatement whatfoever, to be made out recited ads, of the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, &c. on the or any part thereof* and upon payment to the faid governor and ternJ? company, and their fucceflors, of all the arrears of the faid one here menfioiw hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and C(j# intereft money which (hall be owing unto them upon all fuch' tallies. Exchequer orders, Exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fucceflors*

(hall have remaining in their hands, or be intitlcd to, at the timtf of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid * fuch funds, for redemp* lion whereof other provilion is made in and by one a6t of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft to enable the South Sea && aGco.ii, company to difpofe of the ejfefts in their hands by way of lottery, or fubfeription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the faid company, and for, relief of fub who were intended to have the benefit of a late aft touching payment of ten per centum therein mentioned; and in and by one other a& of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft t Geo’. 11) for granting an aid to his Majefiy by fale of annuities to the bank of England, at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying ihe produce of the finking fundand for enlarging the\ time for ex-Vqi*. IpCVI.	G	thong*

Digitized by

G6ogle

far	Anno quarto Georgii III. c.25.	07^.

Changing Ncris and Saint Chriftophcrs debentures for annuities at three per centum; and for applying the arrears of his late Majejlys civil lijl revenues; and by one other ad of parliament, made in r . the fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled,

% oeo. I. jn	rajjjng	tfje fum 0f we	two	hundred	and	fifty

thoufand pounds, by fale of annuities to the bank of England, after' the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament-, and for applying the produce of the finking fund; and by Aft19Geo.il. one other ad of parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for ejtablijbing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned, and for obliging them to advance the fum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties granted to his Majefiy for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; always and only excepted, then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the laid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds (hall ceafe and determine.

Privilege of XIII. And, to prevent any doubts that may arife concerning exclusive	the privilege or power given by former ads of parliament to the

banking	faid governor and company or exclufive banking, and alfo in re-

fan'k bylbr* * g3™*to ^ ereding any other bank or banks by parliament, or mer afts, con- redrawing other perfons from banking during the continuance firmedtothem; of the faid privilege granted to the governor and company of the bank of England as before recited, it is hereby further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of this ad, that no other bank (hall be ereft-ed, eftablifhed, or allowed by parliament; and that it fhall not be lawful for any body politic or corporate whatfoever ereded or to be ereded, or for any other perfons united or to be united in covenants or partnerftup, exceeding the number of fix perfons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, •we, or take up, any fum or fums of money, on their bills or notes payable at demand, or at any lefs time than fix months from die borrowing thereof, during the continuance of fuch faid privilege to the faid governor and company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of ex-ftihfeft to the clufive banking as before recited, fubjed to redemption on the imptbnbe- and conditions before-mentioned5 that is to fay, on one fer™mention~- Tear>s rtotiee a^tcr the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven ed»	hundred and eighty fix, and repayment of the three millions

two hundred thoufand pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and inter* eft money that fhall be owing them on all fuch tallies. Exchequer orders, Exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds (fuch fund9 as are before mentioned only and always excepted) which the x faid governor and company, or their fucceflbrs, fhaH have re* maining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time of fiich. notice to be given as aforefaid, and not otherwife; any thing in this aft, or any former aft or a$$ gf parliament, to the contrary in any wif? nwtwithftanding,

6	XIV.	And

Digitized by ooQle

1764.3 Anno quarto GeoRGII III. C. 25.

XIV* And it is hereby alfo enadled and declared by the au- Vote of the thority aforefald, That any vote or refolution of the houfc of houfeof cora-commons, fignified by the fpeaker of the faid houfe in writing, JJ101}8 (jg^fod and delivered at the publick office of the faid governor and com- <jeOTe<f fuf* pany, or their fucceflors, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fident notice, a fufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this a£t; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And whereas it is neceflary that provifion (hould be made for more effedtually preventing the forging powers to transfer any fuch (lock, or to receive fuch dividends or annuities* as are herein after mentioned, and the fraudulent perfonating the owners thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforc-feid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, from and after Penalty t>f-the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, forging power ttiall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter- to transfer any fcited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or aflift in the forging °r counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or in- viHcnds^/an-ftrument, to transfer, affign, fell, or cortvey, any (hare or (hares, nuitie$ tbere-or any part of any (hare or (hares, of and in any capital flock on; or the or flocks of any body or bodies politic or corporate, which now frerfoifatinff are, or hereafter (hall be, eftabliflied by any ad or ads of par- foe owners li ament; or any (hare or (hares, or any part of any (hare or thereof j fhares, of and in any annuities in refpect whereof the proprietors of fuch annuities have or (hall have transferrable (hares in any capital flock or flocks now eftablifhed, or which (hall hereafter be eftabli(hed by any ad or ads of parliament, in proportion to their refpcdive annuities; or any (hare or (hares, or any part of any (hare or (hares, of or in any other transferrable annuities which now are, or hereafter (hall be, eftabli(hed by any ad or ads of parliament; or to receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or any dividend or dividends attending fuch (hares, or any of them, or any part thereof; or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting, anv the name or names of any the proprietors of any Ibch (hare or (nares in flock, or of any the perfons intitled to any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, as aforefaid, in or to any iuch pretended letter of attorney, inftrument, or authority; or (hall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have, any fuch (hare Or (hares in flock or annuities, or any part thereof, transferred, afligned, fold, or conveyed, or fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any fuch counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, • or inftrument; or (hall falfly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor of the laid (hares in flock, annuities, and dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, the flock or annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of fuch true and lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true^nd lawful owner thereof; then, and in every or any fuch cafe, all is felany^fth-and every fuch perfbn and perfons (being thereof lawfully con- out benefit of „ \ -	G	%	"	vi<ftcd	ricigy.

Digitized by L^ooQie

t4	Ahno quarto GEoriGiI III. csi6.	[1764^

- vi&ed m due form of law) (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy. BuVack a&. XVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That this a<ft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a<ft, and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, ju-ftices, or other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame,

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for granting a bounty upon the importation of hempj and rough and undrejfed flax, from his Majeftfs colonies in America.

Preamble.	XT / HERE AS the encouragement of the importation of hemp,

V V and rough and undrejfed fiax^ from his Majejly's colonies and plantations in America, will be a means of fumifbtng this kingdom tenth fail cloth and cordage (fo eJfentiaUy necejfary for the fupply of his Majejly's royal navy, as well as for jhips employed in the merchants fervice) at more reafonable rates than at prefent, and will alfo tend to make the fupply of the faid materials cheaper and lefs precarious» and be a means of employing and enriching his Majejly's fubjeCh within the faid colonies and plantations: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Bounty allow- rity of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of *d upon the Jutie^ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, every perfon importation of or perfons who (hall, within the time appointed by this adf, rough*and un- ^mPort orcaufe to be imported into this kingdom, dire&ly from dreffed flax, any of his Majefty’s EngUJh colonies or plantations in America, from the Bri- in any (hip or (hips that may lawfully trade to his Majefty’s ti(h American plantations, manned as by law is required, any hemp, water p antations, rottcd, bright, and dean, or any rough and undrefled flax, (hail have and enjoy as a reward or premium far fuch importation*the following fum \ that is to fay.

viz. Si. per For every ton of fuch hemp, or rough or undrefled flax, fo ton for all imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand imported be- feVen hundred and fixty four, to the twenty fourth day of June, *764"and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, the fum of eight June) r77i j pounds fterling.

^I. per ton	For every ton of fuch hemp, or rough or undrefled flax, fo

for all import- imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand ed between feven hundred and feventy one, to the twenty fourth day of 24 June, i77i, Jane, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, the fum an<U+Ju*e, ^ flx pounds fterling.

and .1 per Aiid f°r every ton of fuch hemp, or rough or undrefled flax, ton for all imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand imported be. feven hundred -and feventy eight, to the twenty fourth day of tween 14 June, June,one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, the fum of fterling..	^

Digitized by Google

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii IIL c. 26.	9$

To be paid upon demand to the importer of fuch hemp or flax, ^ ^ by \>y the collelfor of the port where the fame fhall be imported, the colleftor out of the cufloms: and in cafe the colleltor of the port where at the port of the fame fhall be imported, fhall not have money fufficient in	1

his hands, he is hereby required to certify the fame to the com- ^amof mo-■niflioners of the cuftoms, who (hall caufe the fame to be paid ney, then by “by the receiver general of his Majefty’s cultoms; the bounty of the receiver the hemp and flax imported into England, to be paid by the re-ceiver general of the cuftoms in England, and of that imported into Scotland, to be paid by the receiver general there.

II.	And to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to his Majeftv’s royal navy, and for the better lupply of the fame with naval (lores, be it further enabled, That upon the importation of any fuch hemp or rough and undrefled flax from his Majefty’s faid colonies and plantations, for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, the pre-emption or refufal of fuch hemp or flax (hall be offered and tendered to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy, upon landing the fame; and if within the term of twenty days after fuch tender the faid commiflioners (hall not contra# or bargain for the fame, it (hall and may ^ be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners, of er Vat liberty the faid hemp or flax, otherwife to difpofe of the fame for his or t0 difpofe of it their beft profit and advantage.	otbermfe.

• III. And, in order to intitle the importer of fuch hemp and flax to the premium granted by this alt, and to prevent frauds by importing: foreign hemp and flax, be it further enaHed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons im- Certificate* to porting any fuch hemp or flax into Great Britain, (hall produce h« produced to the chief officer or officers of the cuftoms a certificate or cer-	rtluton of

tificates under the hand and feal of the governor, lieutenant go-	hcmlp or

Vernor, colleltor of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or flax being the any two of them, refiding and being within any of his Maiefty’s growth and colonies and plantations, that before the departure of fuch (hip	thi

or veflel, (hips or veflels, the perfon or perfons, merchant, trader, ^ or fador, loading the fame, had made oath before them, that the faid hemp or flax fo (hipped on board (exprefling in the faid certificate, the number, marks, and packages of fuch hemp and flax) were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of his Majefty’s faid colonies and plantations; which oath the faid go- Oaths Vernor, lieutenant governor, colledor of his Majefty’s cuftoms, ^p^That oc-and naval officer, or any two of them are hereby authorized to cafion. adminifter; as likewife upon oath to be made in any port of Great Britain, by the mafter or mafters of fuch (hip or vef-fel, (hips or veflels, importing fuch hemp and flax, that the fame were truly laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, within fome of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in Arne-rica, and that he or they know or believe that the faid hemp and flax were the produce of the faid colonies or plantations.

IV.	And, that the officers of the cuftoms may be the better able to difeover any frauds intended for receiving the aforefaid premium) be it forther ensued by the authority aforefaid. That

p 3	«

general or rue cuftoms.

'Hie pre-emption or refulal of fuch hemp or flax to be tendered tothe commiflioners of the navy; if they (hall not contra# for the fame within 20 days, import*

Digitized by v^ooQle

86	Anno quarto Georcii III. C;a6.	[1764.'

Officers of the 5* (hall and may be lawful for the faid officers, and they are cuftoms to hereby required before they make out any fuch certificate, to examine whe- examine the faid hemp and flax, by opening each package, and hemp and flax (hifting the fame, in fuch manner as to fee the whole contents* is good and or by fuch other means as they (hall think proper, to find out merchantable, and difcover whether the faid hemp is water rotted, bright, and clean, and the faid flax is good and merchantable, and free from, any falfe mixture.

In cafe of ^ • Provided always. That in cafe any doubt or dilpute (hall doubt about arife between the furveyors or officers or the cuftoms, and the the quality of owners or importers ot fuch hemp or flax as is imported into fuch as (hall be the port of London, as to the quality of the fame, it (hall and London int° may bwful for ^ commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms Commiffionersto call two or more merchants, manufacturers,'or others well of the cuftoms (killed in the commodity, who (hall declare upon oath, if requir-maY callin ed, their opinion, as to the quality of the fame, and according Mrfcmi 1who t0 ^ *beir judgment determine whether the faid hemp (halt give their or flax i* in titled to the premium hereby granted, os not: and opinion upon if any doubt or ddpute (nail arife as to the quality of any hemp oath >	or flax imported into any of the out ports in England, famples

doubtsTn the t^erco^ (ball be taken, and fent up to the commiffioners of the out ports, cuftoms in London; and into the out ports in Seotlandy to the famples to be commiffioners of the cuftoms at Edinburgh; m fuch manner as fent up to the refpe&ive commiffioners (hall diredl, in order to beinfpeded

^Edtobureh, 81x1	there	*s	bcforc mentioned,

to be inl'petted and adjudged there. f

Officmtotake	And	be	it	further	enabled	by	the authority aforefaid.

no fee tor do- That no fee, gratuity, or reward, (hall be demanded, taken, or ingtheirduty, received, by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, for examining, viewing, or delivering fuch hemp or flax, with refpedt to the on penalty of premium or reward allowed by this act; or for the figning any being incapa- of the certificates in order to the receiving ftich premium of citated, and reward, or for paying the fame; and any fuch officer demanding 01 ei gxooi. or ta|cjng fuch fee or reward, Ihall, for fuch offence, forfeit his office, and fuch officer (hall alfo be incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall forfeit the fum of on$ hundred pounds.

Premium al- VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, lowed on the That if any fuch hemp or flax of the growth of the Britijb cor S	° *on*es or plantations in America, (hall, after the twenty fourth

the exporta- day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, be ex-tion thereof; ported from Great Britain; that then, and in every fuch cafe, .the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the cuftoms at the port where the fame (hall be exported, or to the chief officer of the* rcuftoms there, the full fum which is by tins a<5 allowed as a premium on all fuch hemp or flax as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is now by law fubjedt to pay at exportation by any adl.

' VIII. Providea always, Th*t the faid colledlor or chief officer

Digitized by LjOOQle

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c.26.	$7

jcex of the cuftoms, upon receiving of fuch premium from the and officer to exporter of fuch hemp or flax as arorefaid, charge himfelf with the money fo received, or with the faid premium; and the com-	or

miflioncrs of his Majefty’s cuftoms are to take particular care and the com-that the fame be duly brought to the account of his Majefty, by miffionen to fuch colle&or or chief oflicer as aforefaid.	[ee tbf fuBe

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, account. l° . That if any perfon or perfons, their agents, or affigns, (hall be . found fraudulently to export fuch hemp or flax without paying ^

fuch premium to the collector or chief officer of the cuftoms in (hall be frau-manncr aforefipd, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and lofe all dulently ex-fuch hemp and flax, and double the value thereof; one moiety ported r whereof dull be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to the informer or profecutor; to forfeited, with be profecutcd in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefi~ double value. mmfler, or in' the court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeCtively, wherein no cflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

X.	Provided always. That if any doubt or difpute (hall arife, In ^ whether any of the hemp or flax, or any part thereof fo to be doubt with exported, are of the growth, produ<5t, or manufacture, of his refpeft to tbe Majefty’s plantations in America, or of foreign growth, product, Place of

or manufacture, the Onus prtbandi (hall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, to be export-cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.	ed, proof to

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, lie on the That if the matter or owner of any (hip or veflel dull clandef- receiv-finely import, or receive in fuch (hip or veflel to be imported, ;n„

into Great Britain, any hemp or flax, knowing the fame to be hemp or lax foreign hemp or flax, and (hall demand or receive for any fuch on board, and foreign hemp or flax the reward or premium hereby granted, demanding, (uch matter or owner (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, nrium^forftfts to be fued for and recovered in manner as aforefaid j and the (hip tool, mid tbe or veflel in which fuch foreign hemp or flax (hall be-fo fcaudu- veffeL lently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, dull be forfeited to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by tbe authority aforefaid,

That the fcveral directions and provinons in this aCt (hall com- ment and mence and take effect from and after the twenty fourth day of continuance June, one thouland (even hundred and fixty four, and (hall con- of this aA. tinue and be in force, from the (aid twenty fourth day of June, for the term of twenty one years, and no longer.

G*	CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.27.	[1764

CAP. XXVII.

4* for grantings for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from bis Majejlfs provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, direftly to any part of America to the foutb-ward of the faid provinces, fubjeSt to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation1of rice from the faid colonies? to places in Europe fituate to the foutbward of Cape Fi-nifterre.

preamble, rc-

adaufes

3 & 4 Annr, <

Car. n.

t5 Car. Q. j Geo. II.

% Geo. II.

WHEREAS by an all made in the third and fourth years of ’ the reign of her late majefiy §>ueen Anne, intituled, An aft for granting to her Majelly a further fubfidy on wines and merchandizes imported, all rice of the growtn or produfiion of the# Englifhplantations in America,' Afia, or Africa, is obliged to be imported into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or to fame Other of the faid plantations, under fiuh facurities and penalties as other enumerated goods or commodities of the growth) production, or. manufacture, of the faid plantations) are fubjeft to, by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled) An aft for encouraging and encreafing of (hipping and navigation, or by another all made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King) intituled) An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade: and whereas an alt was made in the third year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majefty’s province of Carolina in America, direftly to anjr part of *Europe fouthward of Cape Pinifterre: and whereas by an all made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid Majefiy the liberty granted by the faid aft of the third year of his faid Majefiy was extended to his Majefiy*s province of Georgia in America : and whereas very great advantages have artfen from the powers given by the faid ads; and there is great reafan to apprehend, that not only the produce of rice in tbofe parts, but that alfa the exportation thereof would be greatly increafed, for the mutual benefit of this kingdom and the faid provinces, if, notwithfianding the laws relating to mvigation and trade to and from the plantations, liberty or licence was granted for Jbipy built in Great Britain, or in any of his Majefiy*s colonies in America, to load rice in either of the faid provinces, and to carry She fame direftly to any part of America, to the fouthwatd of the faid provinces of Carolina or Georgia, without bringing thejame firfi to Great Britain, as the laws now require; whereby thejame will arrive at fuch placesy in a feafonable condition, for the confump-tion thereof: for th.is end, and for providing proper fecurities for jrour Majefty’s duties, and for preventing any prejudice or damage to this nation whidi might happen thereby, from any uh-, lawful commerce between the plantations and any other foreign countries, as to any other enumerated commodities, or other-wife, may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with tKe" advice and confent of the lords •*	•	•	'	*	4	:	*	,4	*	fpirituai

Digitized by CjOOQle

x 7^4*3	Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 27.	89

fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent pariia- A£t % St 4. jnent aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the A"D^ wltI* laid aCt, palled in the third and fourth years of the reign of her ” JjjJjjL laid late Majefty, fo far as the fame extends to the making of of the Britifb rice, of the growth and produce of his Majefty’s plantations in American cor ^America, an enumerated commodity, (hall be, ana is hereby ra- l°nics an tified and confirmed, as to all perfons, (hips, veflels, orvplaces, commodity, in all refpeCts whatfoever; except as to fuch of the faid rice, as, confirmed* by the faid aCts of the third ana eighth years of his faid majefiy except as to King George the Second, and by this aCt, are and (hall be per- a* jmitted or allowed to be exported from his Majefty’s provinces Geo.u/and of South Carolina and Georgia in America, by fuch perlons, and by this a&, ip fuch (hip9 and veflels, and to fuch foreign countries and places, are permitted and under fuch entries, fecurities, reflections, regulations, li- *° beotported iaitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are herein after parti- i^^ndGwr^ cularly deferibed, appointed, limited, and enaCted for that pur- gja, &c, pofe.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Rice may be from and after thef twenty ninth aay of June, one thouiand feven loaded on hundred and fixty four, it (hall and may be lawful, notwith- bo^ fWos ftanding any of the aCts aforefaid, or any other aCtof parliament,	tQac-

for any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, in any fhip or veflel built in iaw, and be* Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s colonies in America, or belong- longing to ing to any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, and navigated according to Bmdh fub-l?w, that (hall clear outwards in any part of the laid provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, to fhip or load rice in the faid pro- Carolina and vinces, and to carry the fame direCtly to any parts of America Georgia, and fbuthward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the carried direfr-fame to any other of his Majefty’s plantations in Amertca^ or to Great Britain; the matter or other perfon having or taking fouthward of charge of fuch fhip or veflel, before fhe clears outward?, firft the faid colo-taking a licence, under the hand of the governor of the refpec-	^

tive province for the time being, for the carrying the fame from	a

the laid provinces refpeCtively to fome part of America fouthward licence* whicH 6f the faid provinces, as aforelaid* which licence the faid go- is to be grant-Yernors refpedively are hereby authorized and required to grant, ed,uponacer-qpon a certificate from the collector or comptroller of the port b^^basbeen where fuch licence (hall be defired, certifying that bond has given, that no (been given (which bonds fuch collector or comptroller refpec- enumerated lively is hereby authorized and required to take) with one or goods (hall be more fufficient fecurity, in the fum of one thouiand pounds if the fhip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, and the fum 1 Of two thoufand pounds if the fhip fhall be of that or a greater burthen, that no tobacco, fugars, cotton wool, indigo, ginger, fuftick, or other dying wood, mobiles, tar, pitch, turpentine, hCmp, marts, yards, bowfprits, copper ore, beaver fkins, oc other furs, of the growth, production, or manufacture, of any Briti/b plantation in America, fhall be loaden or taken on board fuch fhip or veflel at South Carolina or Georgia, or any other of . -his Majefty’s plantations in America, unlefs it be for the neceflary ^ary provil provifioos of the fhip in their voyage, and that fuch fhip or (ions of the < '	yeftchthipj

Digitized by

;y Google

90

and that the ve(fe1 (hall return to fome of the Britifh colonies with in 4 months. Licence to be produced at the port of arrival; and a certificate of arriva to be thereupon granted th£ matter; upon produce ing whereof wkhin n months, the bond is to be difcharged.

Exporter to snake an entry of the rice before

JhippingS

and pay the half fubfidy before clearance.

Coquet of filch entry to be taken out, and the quantity to be (hipped to be in-dorfed thereon, which is to be delivered to the fearcher.

If the quantity be found greater than what is fo in-dorfcd.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 27.	[1764,

veflH, after landing the faid rice by virtue of fuch licence, (hall return to the faid provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, or proceed to fome port in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations • in America, within the fpace of four calendar months from the time of clearing out of fuch port refpe&ively; and that every matter or other penon taking charge of fuch (hip or veflel, for which fuch licence (hall be obtained for caiTying rice to any parts of America fouthward of the faid provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, (hall produce fuch licence to the collector or comptroi-1 ler, or other proper officer at fuch port as he (hall arrive at in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America; which faid colle&or or comptroller, or other proper officer, is and are hereby authorized and required to give to the faid matter a certificate, certifying the arrival of fuch (nip or veflel at fuch port within the time herein before limited and appointed; and that in cafe the faid certificate be produced to the colledor pr comptroller of the faid provinces refpe<5tivelv within twelve calendar months, the bond taken as aforefaid (nail be cancelled and given up, other-wife fuch bond (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, and (hall and may be fued and profecuted in any court of record in the (aid provinces refpeltively.

III.	And, in order to afeertain the true quantity of rice exported from the faid provinces, purfuant to fuch licence, and the liberty granted by this alt, be k enalted by the authority a-forefaid, That before the Xante (hall be (hipped or put on board, the merchant, or other perfon exporting the fame, (hall make an entry thereof in writing with the colleltor of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and the naval officer, and alfo with the comptroller (where there is fuch an officer) and thereupon there (hall be payable to his Majefty fo much as the half fubfidy of the rice lb (hipped in South Carolina or Georgia (hall amount unto, which would have remained in cafe the faid rice had been firft imported into Great Britain, and afterwards re-exported; and the colleltor of the port in which fuch (hip (hall be entered to (ail, may and (hall demand the full fum due for the half fubfidy for au the rice mentioned iitXuch entry *, which faid payment (hall be well and truly made to the colleltor of fuch port refpe&ively, at or before tne faid (hip or veflel obtains the clearance; and the merchant or other perfon exporting fuch rice (hall alfo take out a certificate or coquet of fuch entry, and (hall, before the rice be (hipped or put on board, indorfe on the back of fuch coquet or certificate the true quantity intended to be (hipped, mentioning the marks, number, ana contents of each ca(k; and (hall deliver the coquet, fo indorfed, to the fearcher or other officer appointed for examining and (hipping thereof; and if, upon tho weighing and examining the rice brought or intended to be (hipped by virtue of fuch coquet or certificate, before or after the (hipping thereof, the. quantity (hall appear to he greater than is indorfed thereon; or if any rice (hall be laden or put on board any (hip or veflel having liberty to trade by virtue of this all, of any hoy, lighter, bottom^ boat, or other veflel! in order to bq

Digitized by ^ooQie

1754.3	Anno quarto Georgii HI. c. 17.	91

put on beard fitch (hip or veflel before fuch entry, or taking out1 or rice be put lech coquet, and indorfing and delivering the fame as aforefaid, °n be‘ contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; all fuch rice, j^any other*^ fa (hipped or intended to be (hipped, (hall be forfeited, as alfo veil'd; in order the hoy, lighter, bottom, boat, or other veflel, employed in to be fraudu-fhipping the lame; and the owner of fuch rice, or other perfon (Idpped^ employed in (hipping the fame, (hall alfo forfeit treble the va- gSb^with" Inc thereof, to be recovered in the court of vice admiralty held veflel employ, in any of his Majeftv’s plantations in America, or in any court of ed therein, to record in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, at the elec-tion of the informer or profecutor; one third part thereof to be V8]^ to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, one third Recowy and part to the governor of the (aid prqtinces refpe&ively, and the application of Other one third to the informer or profecutor.	f«*ntm«,

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,; Aft to be in

That this aft (hall continue for five years from the twenty fourth force far 5 day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and finom ^ from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament.	*7	4*

V.	And whereas great quantities of foreign molafits and (V* paps are claodeftinely run on (bore in the Britijb colonies, to the prejudice of the revenue, and the great detriment of the trade of this kingdom, and its American plantations; to remedy which practices for the future, be it further enafted by the authority afore£rid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- From and afl bery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, bond and fecu- tcr *9 Sept, my, in the like penalty, (hall alfo be given to the colle&or or anyenumerat-other principal officer of the cuftoms, at any port or place in ed goods or * any of the Britijb American colonies or plantations, with one rice (hall be fcirety befides the matter of every (hip or veflel that (hall lade or foipppd* bond take on board there any goods particularly enumerated in the StobeSSm. find aAs, being the product or manufacture of any of the faid

colonies or plantations, or rice, by virtue of the licence under this prefeat aft, with condition, that, in cafe any molafles or that any fo-(yrups, being the produce of any of the plantations not under raol^e# the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, (hall be boar^£iirbe laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, the fame (hall (the danger ctf brought with-the feas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or out fraud to wilful diminution, by the faid (hip or veflel, to fome of his Ma-jetty's colonies or plantations in America, or to fome port in wto Great Britain; and that the matter or other perfon having the Great Britain; charge of fuch (hip or veflel (hall, immediately upon hit arrival of which neat any port or place in Great Britain, or in the Britijb American **	*

colonies and plantations, make a juft and true report of all the ^ goods laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, under their true and proper denominations; and if any fuch non-eoumerated goods, N°o-cnume-or rice, as before-mentioned, (hall be laden on board any fuch J^driSelSiIl fhip or veflel before fuch bond (hall be given, the goods fo laden, bU>re together with the (hip or veflel, and her furniture, (hall be for* giving bond, feited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, « forfeited, and profecuted, fued for, and recovered, in any court of record,

H>r in any court of admiralty in the laid colpnies or plantations

where

Digitized by LjOOQie

92	Anno	quarto	Georgii	III. C.28.	[1764.

■where fuch offence (hall be committed, or in arty court of vice admiralty which may or (hall be appointed over all America

! which court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, are hereby repetitively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame) at the election of the informer or profecutor. Divifion and VI. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That all penalties and application forfeitures fo recovered there, under this or any former adt of of the penaj- parliament, (hall be divided, paid, and applied, as follows; *****	that is to fay, after deducting the charges of profecution from

the grofs produce thereof one third part of the nett produce (hall be paid into the hands of the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port or place where fuch penalties or forfeitures (hall be recovered, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and Aicccffors, one third part to .the governor or commander in chief of the laid colony or plantation, and the other third part to the perfon who (hall feize, inform, and fue for the fame.

CAP. XXVIII.

An d£l to enable bis Majefty, with the advice of bis privy * council, to order the importation of provifions from Ireland, during the next recefs of parliament, under certain reftriftions and regulations therein mentioned.

IreamMe. 117 HERE AS the price of provifions is at prefent high, and may V V become higher; that it greatly offers the poor people, and will tend to hurt the trade and manufactures of this kingdom, if not time-Jy prevented; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may , be'ena&ed; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-his Majefty bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may enabled with, be lawful for his Majefty, during the next recefs of parliament, advice of his by an(j wjth the advice of his privy council, from time to time, foorde^the * t0 order, permit, and authorize, the free importation of falted importation of beef, falted pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland into this fait provifions kingdom, as his Majefty, in his great wifdom, (hall think con-. durin^tKe^* vcn*cnt an<* needful, and as the necefiity of the times may re-repef&of par- qu*re> and in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall think fit to di-liament; reft; any thing in any adi or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

and all perfons II. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That arc exempted all perfons (hall be and are hereby exempted, freed, and dif* from payment charged, from the payment of all lubfidies, cuftoms, rates, du* frornpenal- ^es, an^ ot^er impoutions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeiT ties, &c. on tures, payments, and punilhments, for or upon account of im«* account of porting or bringing fuch provifions from Ireland into this king* ftich importa- J0m, for fuch time or times as his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, (hall, by his royal proclamation, think fit to order, permit, and authorize, to be imported; any 1	a<3 of adts of parliament to the contrary nptwitbftanding.

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^4-J Anno quafto GfeoRGn III. c.fr8.	93

III.	And, to the Intent that the revenue may not be prgu- other than the. diced by the importation of falted provifions from Ireland, be it Rowing du-enacted by the authority aforefaid ; That there (hall be paid to commiffioneri fuch officer as the commiffioners for the duties on fait for the time £>r the duties being (hall appoint, at the port in England into which any (alt-* on fait if ed beef, pork, bacon, or butter, (hail, in purfuance ofhisMaje-fty’s royal proclamation, be imported from Ireland as aforefaid$and before any part thereof (hall be delivered out to theperfon or per-fons to whom the fame (hall belong or be configned, the fum of viz# * three (hillings and four pence for every barrel or calk of falted beef per* barrel for or pork, to be imported during the continuance of this alt, con-* beef or porks tainine thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity; and for every hundred weight of falted beef, M t called dried bee fa or dried neats tongues, or dried hogfmeat, the c/wt. for all fum of one (hilling and three pence; and the fum of four pence dried beef, for every hundred weight of all fuch falted butter, and fo in pro- neats tongues^ portion for any greater or lefs quantity than an hundred weight; no^meat j as or for cuftom, or for duty, on or in refpedt thereof; the mo- c° wt. fo^all ney fo arifing by the importation of the faid falted beef, pork, (kited butter j or butter, to be paid into his Majetty’s Exchequer a9 part of which is to be the duties on fait, laid on by an adt in the fifth year of the reign ^Iexc^uv of his late majefty King George the Second, and continued by agcpart of the feveral fubfequent adts,	duties on (alt,

t IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Any of the if any perfon or perfons (hall, during the next recefs of parliament, faid provifions land any fuch falted beef, pork, or butter, or any fait beef called being landed dried beef* or dried neat tongues, or dried hogfmeat, into this *firftUpaj<j^ ‘ kingdom from Ireland, before payment of the duty or duties by are forfeited, this adt fpecified and diredted, the fame (hall be forfeited and loft, with iot. pejr and twenty (hillings per barrel for every barrel thereof, and barrel* fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or of his Majefty’s duties upon fait* to take and feize all fuch commodities as (hall be imported and landed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, together with thecafks, veflels, and package containing the fame; and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be distributed in Recovery and manner following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to King, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to,	^

the perfon or perfons who (hall feize, fue, or inform for the fame; to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information* in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVejlminJler*

V,	Provided always. That no drawback (hall be allowed or No drawback

Eid for any fuch falted beef or pork, fo imported into this igdom from Ireland, and which (hall be exported from hence cUewhere.	*

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid*

That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defen-> or defendants* in any fuch adtion or fuit* may plead the

general

Digitized by v^ooQle

5*

General Mb*.

Treble cofts.

Reftri&ions with refpe&to the granting importation of pfovifions from Ireland.

Anno quarto GeorGH lit. c. 29.	£1764,

general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial mattar in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft : and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall (ind for the defendant or defendants; and if the pfainjiff (hall be rionfuited, of difcontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafe9 by law.

. VIL Provided always, and it is herd>y declared to be the true intent and meaning 6f this aft. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to authorize the free importation of (sited beef, falted pork, bacon, or butter, from Ireland, unlefs when the price of the beft ox beef in Smitbfeld market (hall exceed three pence per pound for the four quarters, and unlefs the price of the bed pieces of fuch beef (hall exceed four pence per pound at Leaden Hall market, and unlefs the price of the beft pork (haB exceed four pence per pound, the beft bacon feven penceper pound, and of the beft butter (hall exceed nine pence per pound, at Leaden Hall market aforefaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no order, permiffion, or authority, for the importation of butter from Ireland into this kingdom, (hall be given or granted, till after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.

CAP. XXIX.

An alt for the encouragement of the whale fijher) in the gulpb and river of Saint Lawrence, and on the coajts of his Majefty's colonies in America.

WHEREAS a confidcrable whale fijhery has been iifcovered jn the gulpb and river of Saint Lawrence, and has been carried on with Juccefiy but is fill capable of improvement: and whereas it x	would contribute greatly to the encouragement of the faid fijhery^ if

the duty now payable on the importation of whale finsy taken from .	whales caught in the faid gulph and rher of Saint Lawrence, or in

* any feas on the coajls of am of his Majefty's colonies in America, were, for a competent ttme> tejfened and reduced \ we your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, defirous to improve the advantages that have accrued to your Majefty's fubjefts from the ceflions made by the late peace, moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may From .the pat be enafted j and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent ma-fmg this act, jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual. to 45 Dec. and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfem-Whaie fins, bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may taken from* be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, from and after the whales caught palling of this aft, at any time before the twenty fifth day rf »y BntUhfub- .	December,

No order. See. tor importation to take place, before 1 jwm, 176^

Preamble.

Digitized by

Google

ij64.]	Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 30.	$5

December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and from in the thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament* to im-port in (hips belonging to his Majefty’s fubjefts (whereof the rence,nor on" captain or matter, and three fourth parts of the mariners, are his the coafts of Majefty fubje&s) whale fins taken from whales caught by any of the Britifo co-his Majefty’s fubje&s in the gulpl^ or river of Saint Lawrence, or in |°n»cs,^mav be^ any feas on the coafts of any of his Majefty’s colonies in America* ^ips, without paying any cuftom, fubfidy, or duty, for the fame, other duly navigat-than and except the rate or duty commonly called The old fub- ed, paying no fidy, granted by an a<ft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign ^hcr<iutyfri of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encourage- fu£|jdy tnrnt-ment of the Greenland and Eaftland trades > and for the better ft- cd by art 15 curing the plantation trade y for and during the faid term; any law Car. II. or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it ena<fted by the authority afore- matter faid. That nothing in this a dt contained (hall extend, or be	the

conftrued to extend, to allow the importation of whale fins port ofimpor-without paying any cuftom, fubfidy, or duty, other than and tation, of the except the laid rate or duty commonly called The old fubfidy, un- trut^.gf *** lefs the captain, matter, or other commanding; officer of the (hip prc or vefiel, or the perfon importing the fame, (hall firft make oath before one of the principal officers of the cuftoms in the port or ports of importation (who is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter luchoath) that all the whale fins imported in fuch (hip or vefiel were, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, really and bona fide the fills of whales caught and taken in the gulph or river of Saint Lawrence, or in the feas on the coafts of fpme of his Majefty’s colonies in America, by the crew of fuch fhips and veflels only, whereof the owner or owners, the captain or matter, and three fourth parts of the mariners, were his Majefty’s fubjefts.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for applying the money granted in this fejfton of parliament , for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one yeary beginning the twenty fifth day of Marcn, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.

WHEREAS the fum of eighty thoufand pounds has been Preamble.

granted to his Majefty for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for one yeary from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for fuch militia may be duly and properly defrayed and fatisned; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by- and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That

Where the militia is or (hall be raifed, the receiver general of the county is to ifTue 4 months pay in advance, according to the eftabli foment of pay let down) with half a year’s (alary to the regimental and battalion

clerks |

Digitized by	A

Anno quarto Georoii III. c. 30;	[17643

clerks; and the allowances to the clerks of the general and fub-divifipn,

meetings; and pay for cloathing the militia.----The above fums are not

to be paid, if pay has not before been iflued, till the lord lieutenant or deputies (hall have certified to the treafury and receivers general the inrofl-

mcnt of three fifths of the m tti and officers.----The money is to be paid

by the receiver general to the clerk of the regiment or battallion (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment ; and for independent companies, to the refpeftive captains, or to their order; according to the eftabliftiment laid down in the militia aft of 1 Geo. ili.—-A fecond payment is alfo to be made within three months after the firft; and a third within three months after the fecond. Receipts of the peripns, to whom the monies (hall be fo paid,

difcharge to the receivers general.-----The regimental and batralliori1

clerks are to pay in advance one month’s pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain, for the ferjeants, drummers, and contingent expence* ot the faid company; Captains to pay for each man id. ter month out of the contingent money, towards charges of the hofpital; and for ' the ferjeant-major, and drum-major; to be paid to the commanding officei* of the company, to which they belong : Captains to diftribute the pay accordingly; and account for the fame yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independent company; arta pay back the. Turpins monies in his hands, except the contingent exp’eftces, which is to be accounted for, and applied to the general ufe of the regiment, &c* Captains of independent companies to diftribute the pay to their men, and apply the money allowed for contingent expences.--------Clerk to retain money in his hands for

his own falary; and difcharge the cloathing bills.------When the lord*

lieutenants or deputies (hall have fixed the days of exercife, they are to certify the fame to the receiver general, fpecifying the number of men, and days they (hall be abfent from home. Receiver general to ifTue thereupon pafy for officers and men to the regimental clerk, &c. Where there (hall be independent companies only, the receiver general is to iflue pay to the captains, according to the rate here fet down. Regimental clerk to pay over the money to the refpeftive captains.. Captains to make up their account, to be figned by them, aridcounteifignea by the cGrtunanaing officer, and delivered with ballance, to the clerk or receiver general. Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.——During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into aftual fervice, and receive pay as the Kjng’s other forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general is to ceaie. Receiver general to pay the clerk of the general meetings upon producing' an order from the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants aftembled. And the clerks of the fub-divifion meetings upon producing a like order from one deputy lieutenant. . Orders to difcharge receivers general. —Regia, mental and battallion clerks to give fecurity for paying and accounting for the monies received by them; the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put iir fuit by them on non-performance of th£ condition ; ana they are intitled thereupon to full cofte and charges; and yl. per cent. of the money recovered; the refidue to be accounted for to the auditor.--------The regimental and battallion clerks, and captains of inde-

pendent companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and dif-* Durfements, and pay over the ballance to the receivers general; who arc to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office.-----Recovery of penalties, &c.--------------------------------------------No fee payable for any warrant or (urn of money ifTued>

in purfuance of this aft.------Officers in half pay ferving in the militia,

may receive the fubfiltence money payable to captains, lieutenants, or en-ligns; they taking oath before a juftice, that during fuch period of time they have not had any other plage or employment of profit civil or mid-tary under his Majefty,

CAP;

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno quarto Georgii III. c-31.	^

CAP. XXXI.

if* aft to indemnify fucb perfons as have omitted to qualify ibemfelves for offices and employments•* and to indemnify juftices of the peacedeputy lieutenants* and officers of the - militia* or others* who have omitted to regifiet or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law* and for giving further time for tbofe purpofes *, and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations* and borough towns, wbofe admiffions have been omitted to be Jtamped according to the feveral alls of parliament now in force for that purp'ofe* or* having been ftamped, have been bft or miftdld* and for allowing them time to provide ad- . miffions duly ftamped •, and to prevent the deftrultion of trees and underwoods growing in for$s and chafes.

WHEREAS divers perfons y who, on account of their offices, Preamble, re-places* employments* or profeffions* or any other caufe or oc- citing the fe-eafion* ought to have taken and fubjeribei the oaths, or the ajfurance* ycral qua%-refpeHively appointed to be by Juch perfons taken and fubferibed* in ing a 80 by an alt made in the firft year of the reign of bis late majelly % Geo. I*

King George the Firft* of glorious memory* intituled, An adt For the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fuc,ceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia* being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the , pretended prince of Wales* and his open and fecret abettors; or to have qualified themfelves according to an alt made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled* An adt for ,3 Car. U; the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qualified themfelves according to another alt made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled* An adt for pre- 15 Car. II4 venting the dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the facrament of the Loris fupper according to the ufage qf the church oj England, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned•* or according to another all made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the 30 Car. H Second* intituled* An adt for the more enedtual preferring the Xing’s perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in.either houfe of parliament; or according to another alt made in the eighteenth year of thereign Of his late mdjefly King George the Se- lS jj, tond* intituled* An adt to amend and render more effedtual an adt * *** paffedin the fifth year pf his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled.

An all for the further qualification of juftices of the peace; or ac-	{

cording to another aH made in the fecond year of thereign of his prefent Majefty* intituled* An adt to explain, amend, and reduce and a Geo, im into one adt of parliament, the feveral laws now in being re-lating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law* abfence* or feme unavoidable accident* omitted to take and fubferibo the [aid oaths and ajfiirance, or otberwife to qualify themfelves as aforo-laia* within fuch tupe, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid . Vo*. XXVI,	£	adta

Digitized by

Google



$8	Anno quarto Georgii III. c. gii £1764?

afts refpeftively, or by any other ad of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and difabilities: for quieting the minds of lus Majefty’s fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwife happen by means of fuels omiflions, be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every perfon turther time or	who fhall, on or before the twenty eighth day of

to 28 Nov. November, one fhoufand feven hundred and fixty four, take and 1764, allowed fubferibe the faid oaths and affarance mfpeftivdy, in fuch cafes top*rfon* wherein by law the faid oaths and afliirance ought to have been omktedVto ta^en or lubfcribcd, in fuch manner and form, and fuch place qualify them- and places, as are appointed in and by the laid a ft made in the lelves, as the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the >d laws di- Firft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf . •	made and provided ; and alfo receive the facramcnt of the Lord’s

fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubferibe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantia-tion, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have beep received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubferibed $ and take and fubferibe the oath direfted by the faid aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, m fuch cafes whereiA the laid oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted; and alfo, being a depu* ty lieutenant or officer of the militia, (hall, on or before the firft day of Auguji% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, leave his qualification in writing with the clprk of the peace, with whom he is, by the faid aft made in the fecond year of •	his prefent Majefty’s reign, required to leave the fame; (hall

be and are hereby indemnified, freed and difcbarged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, • incurred or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any former negleft or omiffion of taking or fubferibing the faid oaths dr aflurance* or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declarations, or taking and fabferibing the faid oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk Of the peace refpeftively, according to the above-mentioned afts, or any of Perfons qoati- them, or any other aft or afts, is and are and (hall be fully fying them- and aftually recapacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and ner^and wkh- “H^ition as perfon or perfons were before fuch negleft in the bme, or omiffion, and fhall be deemed and adjudged to have duty appointed, *re-qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above* capacitated mentioned afts, and every of them; and that all afts done or to and indemiu- done by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and fhall be of the fame force"and yalidity, as the fame or any of them would have been, if fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively had taken the laid oaths or affu-rance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubferibed the faid declaration, and taken and fab* 2	feribci

Digitized by

Google

99

1764.3	Anno	quarto	Georgii III. c. 31.

fcribed the laid oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to the diredhon of the faid a<fts, andcvery of them; and that fuch perfon or perfons qualifying themfelvcs in manner, and within the time, appointed by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, as effectual, as if dijeh perfon or perfons had refpedtively taken the faid oaths and afTurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein contain- Offices, be.

ed, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or intitle cdby	*

any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, benefice, mat- ment ofa ter, or thing, whatfoever, already adually avoided by judgment court, and

of any of his Majefty's courts ol record, already filled up or en- filled up, cou«« joyed by any other perfon; but fuch office, employment, bene- firracd* fice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, fhall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this ad had never been made.

III.	Provided alfo. That this ad, or any thing herein con- NoneJndem* tained, lhail not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify n>fi®d where any perfon ^gainft whom final judgment (hall have been given

in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his been given fee Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having the jienalty ; negleded to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law, or incurred, any perfon who fhall have omitted to qualify himfelf within the ' time limited by any ad or ads of parliament made during the •reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments.	^

IV.	And whereas admiffions of divers members and officers .of cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by feveral tads of parliament, are direded and required to be ftamped, may hot have been provided, or the fame not duly ftamped, or may ’ have been loft or miflaid $ be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That for the relief of fuch perfons whofe admiffions Such perfons may not have been provided, or not duly ftamped is aforttfaid,

or .where the lame have been loft or midaid, it fhall and may be been11 lawful to and for fuch perfons, on or before the faid twenty provided, or eighth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and n<* duly four, to provide, or caufe to be provided, admiffions duly ftamp- ^^fhave -cd, and fuch perfons fo providing admiffions duly flumped as ^ccn loftTor «forefaid, are and fhall be hereby confirmed and qualified to a6t miflaid, are as member or members, officer or officers, of fuch cities, cor- allowed to porations, and borough towns refpedtively, to all intents and ** purpofes, and fhall and may hold, enjoy, and execute the fame, ^the fame* or any other office or offices into which he or they hath or have been ele<fted, notwithftanding his or their omiffion, or the omif-4ion of any of their predeceuors in fuch cities, corporations, or •borough towns, as aforefaid, and fhall be indemnified and d»f-*' •	H	2	charged

Digitized by LjOOQ le

j

ioo	Anno	quarto	GeoRGII	III. C.32.'	[i7&£

and they are charged of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, thereup^i in- penalties, and damages, by reafon of any fuch omiffion, and c *	*	none of his or their adts (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon

of the fame.

Where any V. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority fhall defire7 to aforefaid. That when and as often as any member or members, have their officer or officers of any city, corporation, or borough town, newed°n# rC de*ire to ^ave his, her, or their admiffions, renewed or new 9 confirmed in manner aforefaid, the mayor or other chief ma-giftrate of fuch city, corporation, or borough town, fhall, and he js hereby required in every fuch cafe, upon notice given tp him tiy any one or more member or members, officer or officers, of any city, corporation, or borough town, to fummon a hall, a hall is to be common council, or other proper publick meeting, within ten r^^nCco-°r daYs a^tcr not^ce given to him, for the purpofe.of admitting

fSies, and con- or granting copies, and confirming the admiffions of fuch per-rm’ing fuch fon or perlons as aforefaid.

admiffions.	VI. And whereas the laws in being are found to be in-

Officers and	effectual for preventing the deftrudtion of timber trees, and other

keepers of trees, underwood and covert, growing upon the forefts and Wf?°<d8 chafes within this kingdom j be it further enadted by the autho-mayefei»e’any ”*7 rf°r®^id, That from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall fewor other 7 and may be lawful for every furveyor of his Majefty’s woods, inttruraent and his lawful deputy, and alfo for the officers and keepers of ufed in un- any foreft or chafe, to feize and take away, for his and their tingany trees own u^c> any faw> ***> hatchet, bill-hook, or other inftrument, &cftherein. * ufed by any perfon or perfons whom they fhall find unlawfully (locking up, fawjng, cutting down, topping, lopping, or deftroy-ing, any timber tree, or other tree, underwood or covert, within fuch foreft or chafe.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper fecurities, a further fum of money, not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common and general cajb in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; and for applying the inter eft ariftng therefrom, towards anfwering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the faid court.

Preamble, re-

citing claufe T TT HEREAS by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twelfth year in act i% Geo. YV of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, inv> tituledj An adt to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper fecurities, any monies not exceeding a fum therein s	limited,	out of the common and general cafh in the bank of

England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, for the eafe of the faid fuitors, by applying the intereft arifing therefrom for anfwering the charges of the office of accountant general of the faid court, a provifion is made for the fupport and maintenance of the office of accountant general of the court of chancery, by directing cer-

Digitized by LjOOQle

tfaj Attflo-quarto Georgii III. 0.32.-	101

taut payments tobe made, in the manner therein mentioned, to the faid

accountant general and his two clerks, for their falaries, in lieu of and

in recompence for, all fees whatfoever that would be due and payable to

the faid office by the fuitors: and whereas fmce the paffing the faid aft,

the money and ejfefts belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, under

the care and dire ft ion of the faid accountant general, are greatly in-

tree fed ; by reafon whereof the necejfary buftnefs of the faid office is

grown fo extenfrve and laborious, that the provifton made by the faid

0 is become inefficient to anfwer the charges attending the execution

of the faid office: wherefore, in order to provide for the further fup-

port of the faid office, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- p>ul^ifI,a*n'

tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af- edTo^re^T2"

fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That out of the ca(h the placing out

that now lies, or {hall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the at intereft,

hank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of ong°vern-

chancery, a fum not exceeding five thoufand pounds (hall and ^"^oo^lVof

may, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made the cafh lying

for that purpofe, from time to time be placed out in one intire dead in the

fum, or in parcels, on fuch government or parliamentary fecu^ .ban^» h?100**

rities as in and by fuch order or orders (hall be directed, to the 0fthe

intent that the intereft and annual profits ariling from the mo^ court;

ney fo to be placed out as aforefaid, may be applied for the pur- and to change

poles herein after mentioned ; and that the faid court of chan- the fecurities

eery may, from time to time, change the fecurity or fecurities Sail thinic

on which the faid monies (hall be fo placed out, as the faid court proper.

(hall think expedient,	The bank to

II.	And be it further enadted. That the intereft and annual receive the in-profits ariling and to be produced from the faid fecurities (hall, tereft and pro-from time to time, be received by the governor and company fits tbcrcof> of the bank of England, and placea to the credit of the fame account as was raifed in the books kept there for the fuitors of the faid court, by virtue of the laid ad herein before mentioned, of intereft ariling from money placed out in purfuance of the faid a<ft; and that out of fuch intereft money and annual profits, aruj to pay there (hall be paid, by quarterly payments, by the governor and thereout, upor* company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders an order from of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe, the annualthc fou]£’ann fum of one hundred and twenty pounds to the faid accountant byViatteriy * general’s third clerk; which faid falary (hall commence from the payments, to eighth day of April in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven the account-hundred and fixty four, and (hall, together with the falaries *** ?ci?er^4 appointed by the faid a (ft herein before mentioned, be in lieu ^hiValary to of, and in recompence and fatisfadion for, all fees whatfoever, commence which, from that time (hall or would be due or payable to the from 8 April, faid office, by the fuitors; and that the refidue of the intereft f76+»	.

and annual profits, arifing and to be produced from the faid ^ fecurities, (hall be accounted for and taken as part of the com- Refuiue of the mon and general ca(h of and belonging to the fuitors of the faid intereft, See. court of chancery, and lhall be iffued and applied purfuant and to be account* according to the directions of an ad of parliament, pafled	general

H 3	the	bJong-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

i o2	Anno	quarto	Georgii	III.	C.	\_17C4i

ing to the the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George fmtors, the Firft, intituled. An aft for the relief of the fuitors of the high

plied purfuant mrt °f Ornery.

to a6t \%	III.	Provided	always,	and	be it further enaefted and declared*

Geo. I. That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the faid

If the whole, fum 0f gve thoufand pounds, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of

^e^effuras t^ie demands °f the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, then*

of 5000I. (hall ar*d ih fuch cafe, the faid court may and (hall direeft the famer

be wanted to or any part thereof, to be called in, or the fecuritieS on which

pay the fuit- the fame (hall be placed to be difpofed of, in order that the

♦wl*	fuitors of the faid court may at alLtimes be paid their refpedlive

the court may .	.	-	,	*	•	.	{	. r.

direa the cal- demands, out of the common and general cam belonging to ling in thereof, fuch fuitors.

CAP. XXXIII.

An ail for preventing inconveniencies arijing in cafes of merchants^ and fuch other perfons as are within the defeription of the Jlatutes relating to bankrupts, being intitled to privi* lege of parliament, and becoming infolvent.

Preamble. TX/PEREAS, merchantr, bankers, brok&s* faftors, fcrwener$y V V and traders9 within the defeription of the Jlatutes relating to bankruptj, having privilege of parliament, are not compellable to pay their juft debts, or to become bankrupts, by reafon of the freedom of their perfons from arrefls upon civil procefs; andfome doubts have aljfb arifen, whether, in cafes of bankruptcyy a cortomijjton can be fued out during the continuance of fuch privilege: to remedy which inconvem-encies, and to fupport the honour and dignity of parliament, and good faith and credit in commercial dealings, which require, that in fuch cafes, the laws (hould have their due courfe, and that no fuch merchants, bankers, brokers, factors, feriveners, or traders, in cafe of adtual infolvency, (hould, by any privilege whatever, be exempted from doing equal juftice to all their creditors ; be it enaefted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and it is hereby enaefted by the authority of the fame, That from and after the eleventh day of May> one thoufand feven hundred and lixty four, it (hall be lawful for any (ingle creditor, or two wii w or more creditors, being partners, whofe debt or debts (hall iny merchant, amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, and for any two &c. within the creditors whofe debts (hall amount to one hundred ana fifty defeription of pounds or upwards, or any three or more creditors whofe debts UtlngTo rCr	amount to two hundred pounds or upwards, of any perfon

bankrupts, or perfons deemed a merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, having privi- or trader or traders, within the defeription of the aefts of parlia* lege of p ir- ment relating to bankrupts, having privilege of parliament, at Iiament>on ^ any tjme^ Up0n affidavit or affidavits being made and filed or\ fidav’it made record in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wcfminfter by fuch cre-pf the debt, ditor or creditors, that fuch debt or debts is or are juftly due to and filed in him or them refpeeftively, and that every fuch debtor, as he or coum atC tllc7 VCI*ity believe, is a merchant, banker, broker, factor, feri-Wcftminfter,	Veqe*>

From and after 11 May, 1764, creditors, to a certain value, of

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 34.	163

vcner, or trader, within the defcription of the ftatutes relating f«« out a Aim-to bankrupts, to fue out of the fame court a fummons, or an	°£~

original bill and fummons, againft fuch merchant, banker, f^nftfuchC# broker, fadtor, ferivener, or trader, and ferve him with a copy debtor: thereof; and if fuch merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, and if he (hall or trader, (hall not within two months after perfonal fervice of not» "lthm * fuch fummons (affidavits of the debt or debts having been duly foure/ir*^ made and hied as aforefeid) pay, fecure, or compound for, fuch compound for debt or debts, to the fatisfadlion of fuch creditor or creditors, or the debt, enter into a bond in fuch fum, and with two fuch fufficient fure-ties, as any of the judges of that court out of which fuch fum-mons (hall iflue (hall approve of, to pay fuch fum as (hall be recovered in fuch action or actions, together with fuch cods as be q^ii be ad. (hall be given in the fame, he (hall be accounted and adjudged judged a a bankrupt from the time of the fervice of fuch fummons; and bankrupt; and any creditor or creditors may fue out a commiflion againft any a commifiion luch perfon, and proceed thereon in like manner as againft ™rdint£Cfn^ other bankrupts.	out aglinft

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this adt him.

(hall not extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to any But this a& is fuch debt or debts as aforefaid contracted before the eighth day notftoI*?1?11* of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtv four; any thing ^rc con* herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not- trafted before withftanding.	8 March, 1764,

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, But any mcr.

That if any merchant, banker, broker, fadtor, ferivener, or chant, &c. trader, (hall, after the laft day of this feffion of parliament, com- committing mit any adt of bankruptcy, that then, and in fuch cafe, any ™ of creditor or creditors as aforefaid may fue out a commiflion of after th^laft bankrupt againft fuch merchant, banker, broker, ferivener, or day of this trader j ana the commiflioners in fuch commiflion, and pther femon, the perfons, may proceed thereon in like manner as againft other creditors may bankrupts; any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwith- co^^/Kon a. Sanding.	gainfthim.and

the commiflioners proceed therein, as againft other bankrupts, notwithftanding his privilege.

IV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That nothing Perfons inti-in this a dk (hall fubjedk any perfon intitled to privilege of parlia- ^fub-ment to be arrefted, or imprifoned, during the time of fuch to arrcft* privilege, except in cafes made felony by the ads relating to &c. bankrupts, or any of them.	except in cafej

CAP. XXXIV.	**“*•’■

'At	aSt to prevent paper bills of cred, hereafter to be iffuei

in any of his Majejly’s colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money •, and to prevent the legal tender of fucb bills as are now fubfiftingy from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and finking the fame.

\\T H E R E A S great quantities of paper bills of credit have been YY created and ijfutd in his Majejlys colonies or plantations in

H 4	America,

Digitized by L.ooQle

After i Sept, 1764, all future adts of aflembly, &c. for creating, &c. paper bills of credit, declaring them to be a legal tender

money; are void.

104	Anno quarto GEORGirUl. C. 34?	[17^4.'

America, by virtue of alls, orders, reflations, or votes of ajfembfy/ making and declaring Juch bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of money: and whereas fuch bills of credit have greatly depreciated in their value, by means whereof debts have been difcbarged with a much lefs value than was controlled for, to the great dijcouragement and prejudice of the trade and commerceof his Majejffs fubjells, by occa-/toning confujim in dealings, and lejjentng credit in the /aid colonies or plantations: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your moft excel* lent Majefty, that it may be enadtea; and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no adt, order, refolution, or vote of aflembly, in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, fhall be made, for creating or ifliiing any paper bills, or bills of credit of any kind or denomination whatfoever, declaring fuch paper bills, or bills of credit, to be legal tender in

...........  payment	of	any	bargains,	contradts,	debts, dues, or demands

in*payment of whatfoever; and every claufe or provifion which (hall hereafter be inferted in any adt, order, refolution, or vote of aflembly, contrary to this adt, (hall be null and void,

II.	And whereas the great quantities of paper bills, or bills of credit, which are now adtually in circulation and currency in feveral colonies or plantations in America, emitted in purfuance of adts of aflembly declaring fuch bills a legal tender, make it highly expedient that the conditions and terms, upon which fuch oills have been emitted, fhould not be varied or prolonged, fo as to continue the legal tender thereof beyond the terms re* fpedtively fixed by fuch adts for calling in and difeharging fuch bills j be it therefore enadted by the authority afbrefaid. That . every adt, order, refolution, or vote of aflembly, in any of the made to pro^ ^ co^on^cs or plantations, which fhall be maefe to prolong the long the legal legal tender of any paper bills, or bills of credit, which are now tender of inch fubfifting and current In any of the fa}d colonies or plantations bUli now Aib- ;n America, beyond the times fixed for the calling in, finking, discharging of fuch paper bills, or bills of credit, (hall be limited for null and void, tilling in and finking the fame.

Governor, III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* riving his af- That if any governor or commander in chief for the time being* rK	“11	or any	colonies or plantations, fhall, from and

feits io<^ L	a^ter t*lc 1“1(1 drft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred

and is incapa- an(l forty four, give his aflent to any adt or order of aflembly con-citatcef. trary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, every fuch governor or commander in chief fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one thoufand pounds, and fhall be immediately aifmifled from his government, and for ever after ren-. dered incapable of any public office or J)lace of truft.

This adt not IV. Provided always, That nothing in this adt fhajl extend to alter or re- to alter or repeal an adt paflfed in the twenty fourth year of the

reign

as are alfo all adts, See.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1764-] Anno quarto Georoii HI..c. 35.	105

reign of his late majefty Kang George the Second, intituled* An P**l

oft to regulate and refrain paper bills of credit in his Majefly's col** ***14 GcaI1,

mes or plantations of Rhode Ifland and Providence plantations,

Connecticut, the Maftachufet’s Bay, and New Hampshire, in A-merica, and to prevent the fame being legal tenders in payments of money.

* V. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- nor to make tend, or be conftrued to extend, to make any of the bills now any bills now fabfifting in any of the faid colonies a legal tender.	fubfiftmg a le.

CAP. XXXV.

gal tern

ngal

ider.

An aft for making compenfation to the proprietors of fucb lands and hereditaments as have been purebafed upon the fea coafts in the counties of Kent, Sufiex, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been erefted for defence of the faid coafts, in purfuance of an aft pajfea in the . fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Majeftyy and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WH E R E A S in purfuance of an aft of parliament pajfed in Preamble, re-the fecond year of his Majefty's reigny intituled, An a& for citine claufes vefting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments upon the j"11** * G*®* fea coafts in the counties of Kent, Sujfex, and Southampton, on UIw which forts and batteries have been erected for the defence of the (aid coafts, in truftees, for certain ufes, and for other purposes therein mentioned; his MajeJly was moft gracioujly pleafed to ijfue a commijfion by his letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weftminfter the nineteenth day of July, in the fecond year of his reigny to impower and authorize certain perfons therein named to be commijfioners for putting in execution the faid aft9 and did give to themy or any five or more of them, full power and authority to do, perform, ana execute all and every the matters and things zuhatfoevery which by the faid aft fuch commiffioners were authorized and required to doy perform, and execute, thereby willing them, or any five or more of them, from time to timey to proceed and aft according to the rules and directions of the faid aft of parliament •• and whereas by virtue of the faid commiJfiony and in purfuance of the faid aft, eleven of the Jaid commijfioners, in the faid commiffion named, did, on the fixth day of September, in the faid fecond year of his Ma~ jefiy's reign, meet, purfiuant to notice thereof given and fixed up at the door of the Guild hall of the city of Canterbury in the faid county of Kent, and at the principal gates of and entrances intoy the refpeftive. forts and batteries at Folkeftone and Hyth, and likewife publijhed in the London Gazette, thirty days and more before fuch meetings at the Old Caftle of Canterbury aforefaid \ and did then and there, in a fummary manner, proceed ana aft by and upon the tejlimony of witnejfes, infpeftion and examination of deedsf writingsy and records, and by and upon the inqurfi of feventeen good and lawful men qualified to ferve upon juries at the affixes for the faid county of Kent, impanelled, fummotted, and returned by George Kelly efquirey Jherijf of the faid county, to take the inqueft, whoy upon their oaths July admi-

nijlered%

Digitized by GOOQle

Anno quarto Georgii HI. c.35}	-	[1764;

mfteredy did inquire into and prefent the true and real vahu of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments , mentioned in the Paid aft to be fituate at Folkeftone and Hyth in the faid county of Kent, and of every part and parcel thereof and who refpeftively were the owners and proprietors thereof and their refpeftive ejlates and interejl there-in; and thereupon the faid eommijfioners then prefent did adjudge and determine who refpeftively were toe owners and proprietors of toe faid lands, tenementSy and hereditaments at Folkeftone and Hyth afore-faidy and their refpeftive ejlates and interejl therein> and in every part and parcel thereof and what each refpeftive owner and proprietor thereof was intitled to for his refpeftive efates and interejl therein, amounting together to the fum of ninety pounds of lawful money of Great Britain: and whereas by virtue of the faid commiffmy and in furfuance of the faid afty ten of the faid eommijfioners in the faid cm-miffton namedy didy on the thirteenth day of September, in the faid fecond year of his Majejlfs reign, meet at the town hall of the borough of Lewes in the faid county of Suflex, purfuant to notice given and fixed up at the town ball of jhe borough of Lewes aforefatdy and at the principal gates of9 ana entrances intOy the refpeftive forts and batteries at Little Hampton, Brighthelmftone, Newhaven, Bloteh-ington, Seaford, Hailing, and at the Upper Battery and Lower Battery at Rye, and likewife published in the Lonaon Gazette thirty days and more before fuch meeting; and did then and therey in a fummary manner, by and upon the teftimony of witnejfesy infpeftion and examination of deedsy writingSy and recoraSy and by and upon the inquejl of nineteen good and lawful men qualified to ferve upon juries at the affixes for the fend county of Suflex, impanelledy fummonedy and returned by Thomas Grainger efquirey Jberiff of the faid county of Suflex, to take the inquejly wboy upon their oatbs9 did enquire into and prefent the true and real value of the faid lands, tenements9 and hereditamentsy in the faid aft mentioned to be fituate in Climpton, Brighthelmftone, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hading, and Rye, in the faid county of Suflex, and of every part and parcel thereof y and who refpeftively were the owners and proprietors thereof and their refpeftive ejlates and interejl therein and thereupon the faid eommijfioners then prefenty did adjudge and determine who refpeftively were the owners and proprietors of the faid lands and hereditaments in the faid county of Suflex, and their refpeftive ejlates and interejl thereiny and in every part and parcel thereof \ and what each refpec-five owner and proprietor thereof was intitled to9 for his, her9 and their refpeftive ejlates and interejl thereiny amounting together to the fum of one hundred twenty one pounds, thirteen JhiUingSy of like law-fid money of Great Britain: and the faid eommijfioners then prefent at the faid town ball of the faid borough of Lewes, upon the complaint of feveral perfons owners of landsy adjoining to part of the lands by the faid aft vejledy that they had refpeftively received damage by making the fortifications there9 did certify and efimate the refpeftive damages done to the refpeftive lands of the feveral perfons complainings amounting together to the fum of thirty two poundsy and feventeen /hillings, of like lawful money of Great Britain : and whereas by virtue of the faid ccmmiffm9 ana in pur fiance of the faid aft ,fix of the

com-

5764*) Annfr quarto GSoroii HI. c. 35C	.107

tmmfllanits	in the /aid tmtniflum named did, on the twenty

day of September, in the faidfuond year of his Majefty's meet at the town hall of the borough of Portfmouth, in the fend eounty of Southampton, parfuant to notice given and fixed up at the door of the town ball of the find borough of Portfmouth	and	at

the principal gates of, and entrances into, the	forts and bat-

teries at Lumps and Eaftney, and liiewifie publijbed in the London Gazette, thirty days and more before fieeb meeting; did then and there, in a fummarymanner, by and upon the teftimony of	,

mfpettion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and by and ufon the inqueft of two and twenty good and lawful men qualified to feme upon juries at the affixes for the fiaid tounty of Southampton, impanelled, fummoned, and returned, by Sir Thomas Gatehouse knight, Jberiff of thefaid county of Southampton, take the who, upon their oaths, did enquire into and the true and real value of the find lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid ad mentioned to be fituate in the parijb of Portfea, in the faid county of Southampton, and of every part and parcel thereof, and who fpeffivefy were the owners and proprietors thereof, and their refpeffive eftates and intereft therein, and thereupon the find commiffioners then prefent did adjudge and determine who refpeffively were the owners and proprietors of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid parifh of Portfea, and their refpeffive ejiates and intertfi therein, and in every part and parcel thereof, and what eath refpeffive owner and proprietor thereofwas inti tied to,for his	eft ate	and

inter eft therein, amounting together to the fum of throe hundred and one pounds, five /billings, of like lawful money of Great Britain: and whereas it is juft and	reafonable the owners and proprietors of the

fteffive lands,	tenements,and hereditaments Jhould be paid the re-

fpeffive fums to them adjudged, for their eftates and intereft in the faid lands, tenements, ana hereditaments, in and by the find recited off mentioned and vefted in the faid truftees therein named, together with intereft for the fame, after the rate ef four pounds per centum per annum, from the time the faid lands were fir ft made ufe effor the purpofes in the faid aff mentioned, to the time of payment of their principal moneys for which purpofe, and for the more ef* feftual carrying the faid aft into execution, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enaftea by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That A fum not out of aU 6r any the aids or lupplies granted to his Majefty, for exceeding the ferrite of the year one thoufana feven hundred and fixty®44 *•**•?*• four, there lhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums out'of" of money, not exceeding the fum of fix hundred forty nine the fupplie* Pounds, eight (hillings, and nine pence farthing, for and to-granted forth* wards making a reafonable and juft compensation and fatisfae-. tion to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politic and porate, ecclefiaftical and civil, who, at the time of making the ing fatisfaSioa (aid recited aft, were the feveral and refpeftive owners and pro- to the refpec-prietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the (aid

recited interefted

Digitized by LjOOQle

io9

in the pre, millet.

Bills to be made out at the office of Ordnance for the films due to the rt(pec-tive proprietors, See. and debentures to be granted thereupon.

which are to be paid by the treafurer of the ordnance. Debentures refilled to be accepted, may be left with the clerk of the peace of the countv wherein the lands lie* and acquittance to be taken for the fame;

Lands to veft thereupon in his Majefty.

Anno quarto GeoRGII in. C. 3^	f 1764.2

recited ad mentioned, according to their feveral eftates and in-tereft therein, in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife.

II.	And to the intent that all and fingular the proprietors, aforefaid may be paid for their refpedive eftates and interefts* all and every fuch fum and fums of money as they have been adjudged and determined by the faid commiflioners to be refpec-tively intitlcd unto, together with intereft for the fame after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the time the refpedive lands were firft made ufe of for the purpofes in the laid recited ad mentioned, to the time of payment of the faid principal fums; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyor general of the ordnance for the time being to make out and allow one or more bill or bills to the refpedive perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, for fuch fum and fums of money as is or are to them refpedivelv adjudged, together with intereft for the fame after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; which bill or bills* fo made out and allowed, (hall exprefs the refpedive lands, and the number of acres, together with the name of the perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, apd the refpedive, fum or fums of money he, (he, or they is or are to receive; and thereupon one or more debenture or debentures (hall be pre-pared for the feyeral and refpedive fums as aforefaid by the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, and figned by three or more of the principal officers of the ordnance Tor the time be*, ing} which debenture or debentures is and are hereby required, to be paid by the treafurer of the ordnance for the time being* who (nail take acquittances from the parties indorfed thereon.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That if any perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, (hall wilfully refule to accept of or receive fuch debenture or deben* tures as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, to leave and depofit fuch debenture or debentures with the clerk of the peace of the refpedive counties where the lands, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, in refped whereof fuch fum of money is to be paid, and to take his acquittance or acquittances for the fame; which fuch clerk of the peace is hereby required to give without any fee or reward, and which (hall be taken and deemed to be valid; and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments* of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, fo refu-fing to accept fuch debenture or debentures, (hall be vefted to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors for ever, as if he* (he, or they had received fuch debenture or debentures, and the money thereon due had been fully fatisfied and paid.

IV.	And whereas, the money refpedively adjudged to the feveral perfon and perfons, bodies politic and corporate, are* taken diftributely, fo minute and inconfiderable, that were tho fame to be paid into the hands of the deputy of the King’s remembrancer of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer at Weflminjier, to be difpofed of, fubjed to, and by the orders and diredion of

Digitized by ^.ooQle

5764-J JRmno quarto Georoii III. c,f£	109

the laid court, the feveral owners and proprietors of the lands would have no fatisfaftion for the fame ;but the whole or greater part of the money, would neceflarily be expended in difcharging * the fees of the faid court; for remedy whereof, be it further n cnaded. That the feveral fum and fums of money due and ^udTedJue owing to any impropriator, appropriates, parfon, or vicar* in to impropria-right of his church, (hall, and lawfully may be paid into^the tors, See. to hands of fuch impropriator, appropriator, parfon, or vicar; and b* Pai.d *”to all fum and fums of money due and owing to any body or th^ducto5 bodies politic or corporate, or any truftees for their ufe, (half, bodies pofttio and lawfully may be paid into the hands of the mayor, bailiff; or corporate, or other chief officer of fuch body or bodies politic or corporate; °r trultee* and all fuch fum or fums of money of any perfon or perfons	to

whatfoever, who by reafon of any disability, by nonage, or un- the mayor or der any fetdement, is or are not capable by law to take and dif- other chief pofe of the feveral fums which (hall be due and payable to them ? as afbrefaid, lhall, and lawfully may be paid into the hands of b« p^d the guardians of fuch infants, or the truftees under fuch fettle- to the guar-ment, for the ufe of fuch body or bodies politic or corporate, dians or tru% ecclefiaftical and civil, and the refpedtive perfons interefted there- ftccs> in as aforefaid; which feveral fums of money fo to be paid, (hall by fuch impropriators, appropriators, parfons, vicars, mayors, and to be laid bailiffs, or other chief officer, of any body politic or corporate, 0{?trntreK*r-guardians and truftees, be, with all convenient fpeed, refpe&ivo- bmds,0&c. ** iy laid out in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, or hero- * efitaments, in places mod convenient for the parties interefted, their heirs and fucceffors; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanaing: and the eftate or eftates, fo to be purchafed, (hall be conveyed and fettled to the fame ufes, to be fettled to intents, and purpofes, as the former eftates were fettled, at fuch the feme ufes y time as they became vefted in the truftees appointed by the (aid recited adt; and that, until fuch purchafes can be made, it (hall ^ and may be lawful for fuch impropriator, appropriator, parfon, vicar, mayor, bailiff, or other chief officer of fuch body politic nfes are to be or corporate, guardians and truftees, to place fuch monies out placed out In* at intereft on parliamentary funds, or other good fecurities, de-daring the trull thereof in the fame manner, as the eftate or iunslt> eftates, fo to be purchafed, are to be conveyed and fettled.; and the intereft thereof (hall, from time to time, as the fame (haU a2dtt^Lint^ grow due, be paid to the feveral and refpe&ive parties who *he refpeJtire would be refpe&ively intitled to the rents and profits of the partici. eftate or eftates, fo to be purchafed, in cafe the fame were puiw chafed.

CA?,

Digitized by tjOOQle

Preamble.

Aft c Geo* I] which was continued by feveral fub-fequent *€ts.

further con* tinned to *9

Sept,i77*.

. &nno quarto Georgii HI. C.36J

i

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft to centime an ait made in the fifth year of the reign of bis late tnajefiy King George the Second, intituled, An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for extending the laws, relating to hackney coaches, to the counties of Kent and Efiex.

VJLTHEREAS the law hereafter motioned hath, by experience* been found ufefid and beneficial, and is near expiring ; may it therefore plcafe your Majefty, that it may be enodted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod; excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-[. thority of the fame. That an adt made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankruptcy which was to continue in force for three years from the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and thirty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfoqyent ads, made in the ninth and fix-teenth years of his find Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and fifty; and which, by another aft made in the twenty fourth year of his laid Majefty’s reign, was amended, andfurther continued until the firft day of September y one thou-laud feven hundred and fifty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by another ad made in the thirty firft year of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the feme is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred xnd feventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II.	And whereas by the feveral laws now in being, for licen-ifing and regulating t)te owners and drivers of hackney coaches within the cities of London and JFefimtnftery and the foburbs thereof, and the parifties and places comprized within the weekly bills of .mortality, the faid drivers are fubjedfed to certain penalties and punishments for exadtions or mifbehaviour, hut the cognizance thereof is, by the faid laws, confiened to the com-miflioners for licenfing the faid coaches, the aldermen of London, and the juftices of the peace for the city of Weftminfiery and the counties of Middlefex and Surrey (into which counties the limits comprized within the faid bills of mortality do in part extend:) and whereas the counties of EJfex and Kent lie but at a fmall diftance from the city of Londcn% and the faid licenfed .tasfcpey coaches often travel into thofc counties through a fmall

part

Digitized by

Google

*764*] Anno quarto GioRon III. C.3 f. <11

part of the (aid county of Middlefex or Surrey, but the driver* thereof are fubjeft to no jurifdi&ion of the juftices of the peace after they pafs the faid counties of Middlefex or Surrey; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from Juftices for the and after the firft day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and ^“/^Eirex fixty four, every juftice or juftices of the peace of or for the authorized to counties of KMt and EJfex (hall have the fame power and au- put the laws thority, within his or their refpeftive jurifdiftion or jurifdiftions, relating to to put the (aid laws, or any of them, in execution againft the drivers of the faid licenfed hackney coaches, for any offence committed againft the faid laws, or any of them, to all intents within their and purpofee, as the faid commiffioners,4aldermen, and juftices refoeftive ju-r of London* Wejtminfier* Middlefex* and Surrey* now have by law, rifttftioxxs* within their refpeftive jurifdidtions.

CAP. XXXVII.

An a8 for the better eftabltfbing a manufactory of cambricks and lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known under tbofe denominations* now carrying on at Winchelfea, in the county of Suffex; and for improving* regulating* and extending the manufacture of cambricks and lawns* or goods of the kind ufually known under tbofe denominations, in that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the efablijbint a manufacture of linens in Eng-land, of the kind ufally known under' the denomination of cambricks and French lawns* will be of great utility to this kingdom4 as well by the employment of a great number of poor* as by preventring the illegal importation of foreign cambricks and Freneh7tf«/w : and whereas a manufaCtury of cambricks and lawns hath been already fet up at Winchelfea in the county of Suffex, and large quantities of fuch goods have been made there* and may be made in other tarts of this kingdom* equal* if not fuperior* in quality to thofe made in foreign parts; and many perfons are defrous of fubfcribing large Jums towards the fupport and extenfon of the faid manufaCtury (for the effectual carrying on of which a large fund will be necejfary) but are apprehenfwe that difficulties may arife* as well in rtcovenng debts which may grow due to the proprietors of the faid manufaCtury* as in defending fuits or actions which may be brought or commenced a* gainjl them for any matter or thing relative thereto* as* by law* all the feveral proprietors or fubfcribers to the faid manufaCtury muft, in Juch cafis both fue and be fued* implead and be impleaded* by their feviral and difinCt names and defcriptions; and therefore^ for the mfbe eafily carrying on the manufacture* and avoiding the difficulties aforefaid* are deftrous of being incorporated and having a common feal and name by which they may fue and be fued; and many perfons are defrous of fubfcribing large Jums thereto* but are deterred from fo doing, left they may thereby become liable* in cafe the faid manufaCtury Jbould not be fuccefsful, to pay large fums of money over and above the fums by them fubfcribed* to make good the debts to be incurred therefrom\ and many perfons who are not now liable to become bankrupts,

with-

Digitized by Google

i

m	Anno	qoarto	Georcii	HI. C. $f.	[176ft

within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force con cerning bankrupts are likewife fearful of fubfcribing money to cany on tbe faid manufacture, as, by becoming Jubjcribers to and part owners thereof they may be liable to have commiffions of bankrupt ijfuecl againji them as traders: and whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether fuch cambricks and lawns, fo made and fabricated .England, can, confident with the laws now in being relating to catnbricks jmd French lawns, be legally fold, difpofed of and ufed in Great Britain ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may. be enadied* ana be it enadfced by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Anj perfon authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and may makeand for any perfon or perfons whomfoever, to make and vend, or fell cambricks caufet0 be made and vended, all fuch linen goods called Cambricks this k^dom.or L(XWn5> or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either *of thofe denominations, as (hall be made in this kingdom, arid ftamped in the maimer herein after diredled; and that fqch lawns or cambricks, or other fuch like goods fo made and ftamped, may be expofed to fale, and worn by any perfon or perfons in this kingdom; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas the foie right and prerogative of granting charters of incorporation (not being fuch as are repugnant to any law or ftatute of this kingdom) doth belong to your Majefty* TheKifcgmay be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall incorporate and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucccf-Wemnamed ^ors’ ^y one charter, indenture, or letters patent, under the (the prefent	great ^al Great Britain, to declare and grant. That the right

mbfcribers)	honourable the earl Vernty in the kingdom of Ireland, the right

honourable Charles Townjhend, Sir George Colebrcoke baronet, Sir . Lawrence Dundas baronet, Arnold Nefbitt efquire, Peregrine Cuft efquire, George Prefcott efquire, Barlow Trecothick efquire, Gilbert Heatbcote efquire, Mofes Franks efquire, mafter Edward Bridgen, matter Benjamin Barnett, mafter William Grace, mafter Thomas JSidweU, and every other perfon or perfons who (hall hereafter^ either in their own right, or as executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceflors, or afligns, in right of any other perfon or perfons, become proprietors of, or interefted in, any part or mare of the joint capital ftock or fund herein after mentioned, fhall be one diftiadt and feparate body politick and corporate, in deed and Th^E116 *n namc’ bY tbe rtame an^ ftde of The Englifh Linen Company, f»(h Linenor fuch other name as his Majefty (hall think proper; and that Company, fuch corporation (hall have perpetual fucceflion, fubjedt to foch with fuch power of revocation as to his Majefty (hall feem meet; and that power of re- fuch corporation (hall have power, from time to time, to chufo vocation as to jjrc^orSj an(j ajj proper officers and fervants, for the better management of the affairs of the faid corporation, in fuch manner, and under fuch reftridtions and qualifications, as are herein after diredled, or fuch as (hall be preferibed in that behalf in and by fuch charter \ nevcrthelefs the firft diredlors of the faid

cor-

his Majefty fhall feem meet t They may chufe directors, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQie

IljG4.]	Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37.	113

corporation-(hall and may be appointed by his Majefty in arid by the fame charter; and that the faid firft directors (hall continue in their refpedtive offices from the time of their appointment by his Majefty, until the firft JVedncfday in March next after fuch appointment; and all fubfequent directors (hall continue in their refpe&ive offices for one year from the time of thqyr refpe&ive appointments; and in cafe of death, removal, or difqualification, be fupplied in fuch manner as herein after is directed; and that the faid corporation (hall and may have and ufe a common feal for the bufinefs only of the faid corporation; and fuch feal, from time to time, may break, change, make new, or alter, as (hall be found mod expedient; and that the and purchafa faid corporation (hall be able and capable in law, to purchafe, lands> take, and enjoy, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, value of**' not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds per annum, and 50Qi. ^r an_ to grant, alien, demife, or difpofe of, the fame, or any part there- nura; of, at their free wills and pleafures; and in their corporate name, fhall be able and capable in law, to fue and implead, be fued may fue and and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in any court of record, be fued; or elfewhere, in all caufes and adlions whatfoever, for, touching or concerning, fuch corporation, or the manufadtury by them carried on as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, amJ may 'That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch corporation, a capital, not when conftituted, to raife a capital joint (lock, to be applied exceeding for the carrying on the faid manufacture, and effecting tfie pur- *00,0001, pofes of the faid charter, not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, at fuch times, and in fuch proportions, as at any general court or courts of fuch corporation, to be holden purfuant to the directions of this aCt, or of fuch charter, (hall be directed, either by taking fubferip-iions from particular perfons (being or not being members of fuch corporation) for advancing money for that purpofe, ac-cordfng to the orders of fuch general courts refpeCtively, or by calls of money from the members of the faid corporation for the time being, or fuch other methods as the faid general courts fhall think expedient for making up the faid capital; and that all and every perfon or perfons, by or from whom any fub-jferiptions (hall.be accepted, or payment made, purfuant to any order or orders of the faid general courts, towards raifing the faid capital flock, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, fhall be intitled to a (hare of the (aid capital flock, in propor- Subfcribera tion to the money which they (hall contribute, and to fuch in- intitled to a tereft thereon, and alfo to fuch (hare of the profits and advantages (hare of capU attending the faid capital flock, and payable at fuch times, and t?1*”1 propor-in fuch proportions, as (hall be directed and agreed upon by the fJ,^fcripdons faid corporation at any of their general courts; and fuch fub-	9

feriber or fubferibers, not being then a member or members of fuch corporation, upon making their feveral fubicriptions and payments in manner herein-after directed, (hall be admitted, and to be and are hereby declared to be, members thereof; which faid members of

vol. xxvi.	i	luKion!c,rpora*

Digitized by L^ooQle

114	Anno	quarto GeoRGII III. C.37;	[17^4*

f fubfcriptions and all other fubfcriptions to the faid capital flock Subfcriptlons or fund of the faid corporation, (hall be diftin&ly and feparate-to be entered, jy entered in a proper book or books to be provided for that auefted. purpofe, and figned by the refpedive perfon or perfons making fuch fubfcriptions; and the fums fubfcribed fhall be entered in fuch book or books, in words at length, and alfo in figures, together with the day of the month and year on which fuch fubfcriptions (hall refpe&ively be made; and all and every fuch fubfcription and fubfcriptions (hall be made in the prefence of, and attefted by, one or more witnefs or witnefles, who (hall, by order of the (aid dire&ors, have the cuftody of the faid book. The Kinz	IV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-

may grant	forefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty,

power to en- his heirs, and fucceflors, by warrant under his or their lign ma-Iarge the capi- nual, from time to time, to impower fuch corporation to en-taL	large the capital flock of fuch corporation, from time to time,

as the affairs of the faid corporation (hall require, on the like terms and conditions with the original capital.

Subfciibert to V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, pay a fourth That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall* fubfcribe any fubfcribSz°f ^um or ^ums money for or towards raifing fuch capital flock ** as aforefaid, (hall anfwer and pay all fuch fum and fums of money, which he or they fhall fo fubfcribe, unto the directors of the faid corporation for the time being, or to the cafhier of the faid corporation for the time being, or to fuch other perfon or perfons who (hall be authorized to receive the fame in manner following; that is to fay, one fourth part (the whole in four equal parts being divided) of every fuch fum fo fubfcribed, (hall be paid down at the time of making each fubfcription; and there-and the re-	gaining three fourth parts thereof at fuch times, and in fuch

mainder at	proportions, as any court or courts of directors of the faid

Se^r^ors corPora^on (hall think proper to call for or demand the fame ; (hall appoint, notice of every fuch call or demand having been firft publiftied 10 days notice m t^ie London Gazette, ten days at lead before the day limited of every call and appointed for the making of any payment, purfuant to any to be publiftied fuch call or demand: and if any perfon or perfons, who (hall in the London have fo fubfcribed as aforefaid, do not pay down one full fourth

On^eglea of Part a^ ^um or ^ums ^ or t*ieJr fabfcribe, upon firft payment, or at the time of his or their fubfcription, then every fuch lub-fubfcription to fcription, without fuch payment, (hall be utterly void and of none be void; ^ effecfl; and if any perfon or perfons, who (hall have fubfcribed, as af°rcfaid> his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, payments, one having paid, in manner aforefaid, any part or parts of the fum Half of the firft or fums fo by him or them fubfcribed, (hall make default in any tobe forfeited, 0f the fubfequent payments which (hall be called for or de-*c#	manded, in manner aforefaid, for the fpace of ten days after

the time or times, in fuch notice or notices, as aforefaid, limited and appointed for the payment of fuch calls refpedtively ; then, and in every fuch cafe, one moiety or half part of the firft fum paid by fuch perfon or perfons, on his or their refped-ive fubfcription, (hall be loft and forfeited to the faid corpor*-

2	tion;

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno quarto Georgii III. C. 37.	iij

tion; and the (hare or intereft of all and every fuch perfon ot* perfons fo making default of and in the capital ftock of the faid corporation, and the intereft and profits which he or they would otherwife have been intitled to receive therefrom, (hall be reduced, leffened, or proportioned, according to the money actually paid upon every fuch fubfcriptidn refpeCtively, after an abatement or deduction of one moiety or half part of the firft payment to be forfeited as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Directors to That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, in and appoint a by fuch charter, to impower the court of directors ot the faid houfe in or company or corporation for the time being, and fuch court of o^Weftmin^ directors (hall and may, from time to time, fix upon and ap- iter to tranfaCfc point a proper place or houfe in or near the cities of Londo* or their bufinefs. JVeJlmmJhr, for the tranfaCting the affairs and bufinefs of the faid company; and that the directors in the faid charter named, Directors to and their fucceffors, or any five or more of them, (hall be and and nominate be called a court of directors, and have full power and autho- au officers and rity to aCt as fuch; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and fervants; for the faid court of directors to meet as often as they fhall think neceflary or proper; and they are hereby authorized and impowered to nominate and appoint fuch officers and fervants, or other perfons, as (hall be any ways neceflary to be employed in the management and carrying on the affairs of the laid company, and from time to time to difmifs fuch officers and fervants from their employ, and nominate and appoint new ones in their (lead or fteads, or to encreafe or leflen their number, as fuch court of directors (hall from time to time think proper, and to give fuch orders and directions for the management of the affairs of the faid corporation as they (hall think proper, and are confident with the general rules and orders made by the faid corporation; and to take, from time to time, any num- and to take ber of apprentices to be employed in the manufaCtury carried apprentices, on by the faid company, upon fuch terms and conditions, and for fuch number of years, as to them (hall feem meet; and to affix the common feal of the faid corporation to a counter-part of the articles of agreement, or indentures of apprenticeftup, made with fuch apprentices refpeCtlvely, their parents, guardians or other perfons authorized to put out and bind fuch apprentices refpeClively.

VII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, A general an-That there (hall be one general annual court of the faid cor- nual court to* poration, held on the firft Wednefday in March in every year, bebeldthefiHt and as many other general courts as (hall be neceflary; which Wedncifday in faid general courts (hall be held at any houfe or place in the ci- elcSfng di-ties of London or Wejlminjler, which (hall be appointed by the redoru faid court of dire&ors; of which faid general court, or any other general courts to be called by any court of directors of fhe faid company, and which general courts fuch direftors are hereby authorized to hold and call as often as fuch court of di-teflors (hall think the fame neceflary, ten days notice at the

I 2	leaft

Digitized by

Google

116	Anno	quarto Georgii III. c. 37.	[	1764*

leaft (hall be given in the London Gazette, and that the (aid general court, held on the firlt fFfdnefday in March yearly, (hall be chofen out of and from the members of the faid corporation, by the majority of votes of all the members then prefent. Qualifications VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, •t dire&ors, That no perfon (hall be capable of being elected into or exer-cifing the office of a director of the faid corporation but under the qualification following (that is to fay) that the directors of the faid corporation (hall feverally be poffefled of a (hare or intereft in the faid (lock in their own right refpectively, not lefs than five hundred pounds capital; and that the directors (hall not continue in their refpective offices any longer than they (hall refpectively continue to be poffefled of the faid (hare and intereft in the faid capital flock, in his or their own name and right refpectively; and that no perfon (hall be qualified to vote at any general court, who (hall not then be poffefled of a (hare or intereft in the faid capital flock, to the amount of two hundred and voters,and pounds at the leaft in his own right; and that fuch perfon who the number of jn hjs own rjght be pofleffea of five hundred pounds capi-bav?/ cymay tal flock, (hall have two votes at fuch general court; and that fuch perfon who (hall be poffefled in his own right of one thou-fand pounds capital flock, (hall have three votes at fuch general court; but no perfon (hall have more than three votes upon any account whatfoever; and if fuch (hare or intereft of any proprietor in the faid capital flock (hall be at any time afterwards diminifhed from the proportion herein before ascertained, that then the fame (hall be no longer a qualification for voting at any general court.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all proprietors (hall (if required) before they vote at any court, take an oath in the form which (hall be approved of by a general court, to be adminiftered to them by one of the directors (who are hereby authorized and impowered to admini-fter the fame, or to direct fuch oath to be adminiftered by any other perfon or perfons in his or their prefence) declaring their property, (hare, or intereft in the capital flock of the faid corporation, and the Quantum thereof, and that the fame, or any part thereof, is not in truft for any other perfon or perfons, ana that no perfon (hall be admitted to vote at any fuch court who fhall refufe to take fuch oath; and all officers and fervants of the faid corporation (hall, if required by the court of directors, before they enter on their refpective offices, likewife take an oath roved b a *n f°nn	for	that	purpofe	(hall	be approved by a gene-

general court; ral court of the faid corporation, to be adminiftered by the directors of the faid corporation, or any one of them, for the due and faithful difeharge of their refpective offices; which oath fuch directors, or any one of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter, or direct the fame to be adminiftered ne^U|ct^n°rto ^y any other perfon or perfons in his or their prefence; and in t!fkcVudigoath cafe any fuch officer or fervant (hall refufe or neglect to take fuch for 10 days, oath for the fpace of ten days after he or they (hall be chofen or

election void,	gp-

Mcmbers voting, to fwear to their qualifications, if required.

Officers, See. to be fworn according to the form ap-

Digitized by Google

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37.	117

appointed to any fuch office or offices as aforefaid, if required, fuch choice or appointment (hall be void, and a new election or appointment made.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, .

That the court of directors of the faid corporation for the time	on

being (hall be obliged, upon demand made to them by any ten dema>idofcer-or more members of the faid corporation, who (hall in the whole, tain fubfcrib-or together, be poflefled of not lefs than five thoufand pounds ers>

in the capital or joint flock of the faid corporation, fuch demand being made in writing, and figned by the members demanding the fame, and delivered at a court of directors to any one member of fuch court then prefent, to call a general court; and up- onrefufal,they cm fuch court of directors refufing, or, for the fpace of ten may call fuch days, negle&ing fo to do, the members demanding fuch court £ourt them* lhall be at liberty to call and hold fuch general court, upon thele ves'

Hke notice as (hould have been given by the faid court of di-

*e6tor$; and any general court, either called by the court of di- General court

reiflors of the faid corporation, or by any of the members or difplace

proprietors of the faid corporation, in manner aforefaid, (hall dire&or8*

have full power and authority, and are hereby fully authorized

and impowered, to remove or difplace any diredor, for milbe-

haviour, breach of truft, or other juft caufe, and to ele<ft a new

dire&or or directors in his or their (lead, in the fame manner

as if he or they was or were dead, or had difqualified himfelf or

themfelves, or his or their office, truft, or employ, was in any

other manner become void.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, member

That no member or members of the faid corporation, or any liable to any perfon or perfons having the conduct or direction of the faid debt of the manufactory, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators,	than

lands or hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effects, other than ^re in' his or their (hare or (hares in the capital flock and effects of the the capital, faid corporation, (hall be liable or fubjeCt to the payment of any

debt or debts contracted by or on account of the faid corporation, or the manufactory carried on by the faid corporation, in any other manner than is herein after directed and provided.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority a- jf tj,e corpo-forefaid. That if the fum total of all the debts which the faid rate debts corporation (hall owe at any one time to any perfon or perfons, ft,al* exceed bodies politick or corporate, (hall exceed the value of the prin- ^ eapita?^ cipal or capital flock and effe&sof the faid company or corpora- undivided, tion, which at fuch time (hall be and remain to the faid corporation undivided; or if the faid corporation, by any dividend or or if they rC-dividends whatsoever, either in the name of intereft, or other- duce their ca« wife, to be made amongft themfelves, or in their private or per-

fonal capacities, (hall reduce or leflen their joint flock, principal ^ajj not ^ or capital, fo that the value of their joint flock, principal, or fuffteient to capital (hall not be fufficient to anfwer their juft debts then re- pay their maining unpaid; in every fuch cafe the particular members of^^5* the faid corporation, and every of them refpeCtively, who in Pc.rr?n8 re-their private or perfonal capacities (hall receive any (hare or di- d?™endby

’ I 3	vidend	which the ca*

Digitized by

pital (hall be reduced, are to be pei (on-ally liable to make good fuch deficiency, fo far as the

extend.

Members not liable to bankruptcy.

nor the efFefts of the company, or any member's (hare, liable to foreign attachment.

Shares to be

118	Anno	quarto	GboRgii III. C.	£1764*

vidend of the capital or dock of the laid corporation, by which the capital (lock of the faid corporation, (hall be fo reduced or leflened, (hall be feverally liable, and they are hereby made liable, fo far as their refpective (hares fo by them refpedtively received upon fuch dividend or dividends (nail extend, to pay and fatisfy the debts which (hall remain due and unpaid by the laid e.dividends company or corporation; and the perfon or perfons, bodies pp-they (hall have litick or corporate, to whom fuch debts (hall be due and owing, received (hall (ball may fue for and recover the feme; any thing in this a<5t contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-(landing.

XIU.	And be it further enabled by- the authority aforefeid. That no perfon being or becoming a member of, or fubferiber to, the faid corporation, for carrying on the faid manufa&ure in purfuance of this a&, (hall, by means of becoming a member of, or fubferiber to, or in refped of his (hare or intereft in the capital (lock of the faid corporation, be, or be adjudged liable to be, a bankrupt, within the intent or meaning of all or any o£ the (latutesmade againft or concerning bankrupts; nor (hall the capital (lock or eife&s of the faid corporation, or the (hare oc intereft of any particular member therein, he liable to any fo-. reign attachment whatfoever; any law, ufege, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefeid, (r bl • b t the particular (bare of every member in the capital dock

nofidU feven or ^un<^	f^d	corporation; and all lands, tenements, here^

years fromthe dlaments, and eftates whatsoever, held by qt in truft for. them couftitution of or their fucceffors (hall, from time to time, be aflignable, tranf-the corpora- ferrable, and devifeable; but no member or members of tho cTfeofdeathor ^ corporation (hall be at liberty to fell or affign his or their banjcruptcy. (hare or intereft therein, till after the expiration of feven years, from the time of the conftitution of the faid corporation; but if fuch member or members (hall die or become bankrupt, then the (hare and intereft of fuch member or members fo dying or becoming bankrupt, of and in the capital (lock of the faid corporation, (hall and may be affigned and transferred by his or their executors or adminillrators, aflignee or affignees, at any time within the faid term of feven years, in like manner as the fame might have been done had the faid term of feven yeare Members been fully expired; and all the right, title, intereft, claim, and tobT^perfonal^eman<^>	each and every particular member of the faid cor-

eftates. poration, in or to the capital (lock and effects whatfoever of the (aid corporation, and the gains and increafe thereof, (hall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, ia conftru&ion of law, by all judges, and in all courts of law and juftice, and in all places whatfoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall go to the executors or adminillrators, or other legal repre-fentatives intitled to the perfonal eftate of the perfon or perfons dying poflefled thereof, or intitled thereunto, and not to tho heirs of fuch perfon or perfons; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cu* (lorn whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764J Anno quarto Georgii III. c.37.	119

XV.	And be It further enaded by the authority afbrefeid, Forging the That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit the feal, &c. of common feal of the faid corporation, to be eftablifhed in purfu- t!ic corPora-ance of this ad, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, any deed,tlon* c ony# biH, bond, or obligation, under the common feal of the faid corporation, or (hall offer to difpofe of, or pay away any fuch

forged, counterfeited, or altered bill, bond, or obligation, know-ing the fame to be fuch, or (hall demand any money therein mentioned or pretended to be due thereon, or on any part thereof, of and from the Cud corporation, or any members, officers, or fervants thereof, knowing fuch bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the laid corporation, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever; every perfon fo offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, (hall be judged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	jntd

That if any perfon or perfons (hall by day or night break into a (hop,

any houfe, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building, or by with intent to force enter into any houfe, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or j*eal Rebuilding, with intent to (leal, cut, or deftroy, any linen yam, or any linen cloth, or any manufacture of linen yarn belonging to implements toy manufactory, or tne looms, tools, or implements ufed there- declared to be In; or (hall wilfully or malicioufly cut in pieces or deftroy any felony.

Inch goods, either when expofed to bleach or dry; every fuen offender, being thereof lawfully convkSted, (hall be judged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Cambricks

That all cambricks and lawns, or goods of the kind ufually and lawns known under either of thofe denominations, which from and	Enff-

after the tenth day of May, now next enfuing, (hall be wove or ^ of May° fabricated in England, or the principality of Wales, (hall be ^64, to be * marked or fealed at each end of every piece with fuch mark or fealed at both feal, and by fuch officer or officers, as the commiffioners of ex- ^d*.

cife in England (hall direCt or appoint for that purpofe.

XVII!. And, for the greater eafe and convenience of the Commiflioners perfon or perfons, who (hall make, weave, or fabricate any fuch	txcl[eftuP*

cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or pJ^JeVeal*0 under either of thofe denominations; be it enabled by the au- and appoint * thority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officemomark commiffioners of excife for the time being, or the major part the goods; of them, from time to time, upon requeft made to them by any fuch perfon or perfons, and at the expence of fuch perfon or perfons, to provide fuch feal or marks as to them the (aid com-miffionCrs, or the major part of them, (hall feem proper; and to direCt or appoint one or more fupervifor, or other officer or officers of the excife, of the diftriCt or divifion in which any fuch manufacture (hall be carried on, to feal or mark each and every piece of fuch cambrick or lawn, or goods of the kind

I 4	ufual-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

120

Anno quarto GeoRGii III. c.37';	[1764/

ufually known under either of thofe denominations, which (hall be made, wove, or fabricated, by fuch perfon or perfons applying as aforefaid, with fuch feal or mark, or feals or marks, iit who are to be manner herein after mentioned and directed; and the officer or paid tor mark- officers of excife who (hall be fo appointed to mark or feal fuch ing, &c. fuch goQjs^ (hail by the fabricator, maker, weaver, or proprietor of fuch goods, be paid for every piece of fuch goods, which he or they (hall mark or feal in purfuance of this aCt, before the fame (hall be cut or taken out of the loom, fuch fum as the commif-fioners of excife for the time being, or the major part of them, (hall direCt and appoint.

XIX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon apd perfons who (hall weave, fabricate, or make any fuch cambricks or lawns, or goods of the the finifhingof kind ufually known by or under either of thofe denominations, every piece, (haj^ before the fame (hall be taken or cut out of the loom, give theTiulsbetore not*ce	writing, of the finifhing of every or any piece or pieces*

taken out of of fuch goods, to fuch fupervifor or other offiefer as aforefaid, who, before any fuch piece of goods (hall be cut out of the loom, (hall mark or feal both the ends of every fuch piece of goods, with fuch (lamp, mark, or feal, which (hall be provided and appointed for that purpofe, in manner aforefaid, upon pain that every perfon who (hall weave, make, or fabricate fuch cam-bricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under thofe denominations, and (hall cut or take any piece of fuch goods out of the loom, after the fame (hall h^ve been fi-nifhed, or permit the fame to be done without having fy-ft given fuch notice in writing, and having the ends thereof marked or fealed as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit five pounds; and the goods fo cut out or the loom without fuch notice being given, and fuch marks or feals being fet thereon, in manner herein before directed, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, aX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every fupervifor or other officer of excife, of the didriCt „ in which any fuch manufacture of cambricks or lawns, or good$ £oods °tbrthh t^ie ufua,1y known by or under either of thofe denomiT with to mark nations, (hall be carried on, who (hall be fo as aforefaid appoint-thebeginnings ed by the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, and cuds, and to mark or feal fuefi goods, upon reafonable notice given to him on each ^ece or t^iem by any perfon or perfons who (hall make, weave, or far before tikqT bricate any fuch goods, that any piece of fuch goods is finifhed, (hall forthwith, or as foon as conveniently may be confident with other the duty and bufinefs of his office, in manner herein before directed, mark or feal both ends of every fuch piece of goods with fuch mark or feal which (hall be fo as aforefaid appointed and provided for that purpofe, and a]fo fix or fet a didinCt and feparate number to every piece of fuch goods before the fame (hall be taken out of the loom; and alfo make a juft and true entry in writing, in proper books to be provided for that purpgfe at the expense of the manufacturer of fuch goods,

of

goods before taken out of the loom.

Manufacturer . to give notice to officer of

the loom*

Penalty on taking any piece out of the loom with out giving inch notice, tmd having the ends marked, 5I. and lofs of the goods.

Officer, on

tiotice of the finiffiing any

put of the loom;

and to make a true entry of the numbers, lengths.

Digitized by Google

^7^4-1 Anno quarto Ge6rgh III. c.37.	121

of the nuiriber fet to each piece of fuch goods, and of the num- . ,

her of yards which each piece of fuch goods (hall contain in

length, and alfo of the number of threads contained in the in the warp of

warp of each piece of fuch goods, upon pain that every fuper-each piece ©n

vifor, or other officer or officers fo appointed as aforefaid, who^.rfcitU1^

fhall, upon reafonable notice given as aforefaid of the finilhing 10 '

of any piece of fuch goods, neglefl or refufe to mark 6r feal th$

beginning and end of every piece of fuch goods in manner

herein before dire&ed, or to fix or fet a diftindt and feparate

number on each piece of fuch goods, or to make a true and juft

«ntry in manner ^aforefaid, of the number fet or affixed to each

piece of fuch goods, and of the number of yards which each

piece thereof (hall contain in length, and alfo the number of

threads contained in the warp of each piece of fuch goods, (hall,

ftor every fuch refufal or negle<5t, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, officer* mark* That if any fuch fupervifor, or other officer or officers of the ing cambrickt excife, who (hall be fo appointed to mark or feal fuch cambricks or lawns not or lawns, or who (hall have the cuftody of any mark or feal J^dcinen^ which (hall be fo provided and appointed to mark or feal fuch

goods, (hall therewith mark or feal any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either of thofe denominations, which (hall not have been made, wove, and fabricated in England, or the principality of Wales, or (hall knowing-®1. Jerking ly permit it to be done, or fhall mark or feal any piece of fuch talcen out goods after the fame (hall have been taken out of the loom, Gf the loom, every fuch fupervifor, or other officer or officers fo marking or to forfeit 50I. fealing any fuch cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually and be incapa-known under either of thofe denominations, or wilfully or know- citatcd-ingly permiting the fame to be done, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every piece of fuch goods which he or they (hall fo mark or feal, pr permit or fuffer to be marked or fealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, to be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjlery by bill, plaint, or information, by any perfon or iperions who will inform or fue for the fame'* and fuch fupervifor, or other officer or officers, qpon being convicted of any or either of the /offences aforefaid, (hall lofe his or their office or offices and employments under the excife, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, ufing, or enjoying any office or place of truft under his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-peflors.

XXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, penalty on That if aqy perfon or perfons (hall, by bribery, fraud, covin, bribing of, deceit, or impofition, or in any manner whatfoever prevail on fcers.

pr procure any officer or officers of the excife, or other perfon who (hall be appointed to mark or feal any cambricks or lawns, or who (hall have the cuftody of any feal; (lamp, or mark, provided and appointed for that purpofe, in purfuance of this alt, fo fet or affix fuch mark, feal, or (lamp, to any piece or pieces

of

Digitized by

Google

r

itz	Anno	quarto	G&ORGii	III.	C-37-	[17^4?

of cambrick or lawn, or of goods of the kind ufually known under either of thofe denominations, which (hall not have been atftually and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated, in that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales* or after the fame fhall have been cat or taken out or the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl; all and evelry fuch offender and offenders, and his and their aiders, abetters, and affiftants (being thereof lawfully Convidted) (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, and be adjudged to (land in the pillory two hours; and if any perfon or perfons (hall give, pay, or fecure, or offer to give, pay, or fecure, to any fuch officer or officers, or other perfon as afore-faid, any bribe, recompence, or reward, of ahy kind whatfoever, in order to corrupt, perfuade, or prevail on luch officer or officers, or other perfon, to fet or affix fuch mark, (lamp, or feal, as aforefaid, to any piece or pieces of cambrick, lawn, or other goods diredled by this adl to be (lamped or fealed, which (hall not have been actually and bona fide made, wove, and fabricated, in that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, or after the fame (hall have been taken out of the loom, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fucK offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

Officers to XXIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefakf^ tranfmit to That all and every fupervifor or other officer or officers of ex-4 fioners^? ex-	w^° *n manncr aforefaid be appointed to mark or feal

dfeaa annual in7 cambricks, lawns, or fuch kind of goods, in purfuance of account of all this adl, (hall yearly and every year (while fuch officer or offi-4 goods they cers (hall have the cuftody of any fuch feal provided or appoint-* ihall (lamp, ^ for that purpofe in manner aforefaid) in the month of June* aS entries	tran^n*t anc* fendt0 t^ie commiffioners of excife in Lendon, a

lating thereto. full* true* and juft account in writing of all and every piece and pieces of fuch goods, which he or they (hall feal or (lamp iA purfaartce of this a<5t; and alfo a true copy of all and every ert* try or entries of any kind whatfoever, which he or they (hall make in any fuch book or books provided for thaf purpofe, in. any wife relating thereto, for or during the twelve calendar months next preceding the faid month of June\ diftingui filing -In fuch accounts the feveral manufadlurers or proprietors, if there (hall be more than one fuch in fiich officer’s dtflridl, wh6 (hall have made or be owners of fuch goods, upon pain of being difmifled from his or their employ as an officer or officers of excife; and all and every fuch officer or officers having tht cuftody of any fuch (lamp, mark, or feal as aforefaid, his or their executors or adminiftrators, or fuch other perfon or per-(bns in whofe cuftody or power the fame (hall fall or come by the death of fuch officer or officers, or m any other manner (hall, upon demand or order from or by the commiffioners of Officers, ice. excife, or the major part of them, deliver up to fuch commif-to deliver up fioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint to re-fcals, See. to ceive the fame, all and every fuch feal or feals which (hall have yafS- been delivered to fuch officer or officers, or by any other means *	come

Digitized by L 3Qle

% 764.I	Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37.	123

come or fallen into the hands, cuftody or power of fuch officer demand on a or officers, or other perfons whatfoever; upon pain that any fuch penaltyofiool officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, refufing or neglecting fo to do upon any fuch order or demand as aforefaid,

(hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in like manner with the other penalties inflicted by this aCt, by any perfon or perfons who will inform or foe for the fame,

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Cambricks

That if any cambrick or lawn, or goods of the kind ufually and lawn* known by or under either of thofe denominations, made, wove,	1 n

or fabricated, in England, or the principality of Walts* after tKe1^ aj^,° faid tenth day of Mqy next enfuing, (hall be found in any houfe, f0uh<l un-* (hop, warehoufe, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in England, ftampt, may or principality of Wales, without being marked or fealed at each be feizcd-end of every whole and entire piece, and at one end of eveiy remnant of fuch cambricks or fawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under thofe denominations, all fuch goods (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any fupervifor or other officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and fuch fupervifor or other officer or officers is and are hereby indemnified for feiayng fuch goods; and all fuch goods fo feized (hall and may be depofited in the cuftomhoufe warehoufe, or in the ex^ cife office next to the place where the fame (hall be feized, and, after condemnation thereof by due courfe of law, (hall be pub-Ifekly fold to the beft bidder; and that one moiety of the produce arifing by the fale thereof, after dedu&ing the charge* and expence s attending the condemnation and fale of fuch goods,

(hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch fupervifor or other officer or Officers as aforefaid, who (hall feize or fue for the fame; and all Perfons ex-and every perfon or perfons who (hall fell or expofe to fale, or pofmg to fale, have in his or their cuftody for that purpofe, any cambricks or ^ei^cuif^1 lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either forfale, fucS of thofe denominations, made aqd fabricated in England, or the goods un-principality of Wales* and not marked or fealed at both ends of lumped, to every entire piece, and at one end of every remnant of foch f°r^lt20°h goods, in manner by this a£t directed, (hall, (os every fuch offence, forfeit the Aim of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided in manner herein after directed.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Goods con-That no cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually demned by known by or under either of thofe denominations, which after v£t,JC ot ' the faid tenth day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and fix- won”here%ut ty four, fliaH be feized and condemned by virtue of this aft* fold tor ex-(hall be conformed or worn in this kingdom, but (hall be export- portation, and ed, and not fold otherwife than on condition to be exported, and tbc b«ver»to fliall not be delivered out of the warehoufe where the fame (hall glvc ecunty* have been fecured, until fufficient fecurity by bond, tq be approved of by the collector of the port from whence fuch goods

(hall be exported, in the penalty of double the value of the goods

tq

Digitized by v^ooQle

1*4

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37.



to be given by the exporter thereof, that the fame, and every v	part thereof, (hall be exported, and not relanded in any part of

Great Britain.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^fdrin^he" That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times here-feal, &c. or after, forge or counterfeit any (lamp, mark, or feal, to refemble felling goods any (lamp, mark, or feal, which (hall be provided or ufed in with a coun- purfuance of this aft, or (hall forge, refemble or counterfeit the SSty oHe^ impreflion of any fuch mark, (lamp, feal, upon any goods re-fonyj ° C~ quired by this aft to be (lamped, marked, or fealed, or (hall import or bring into England any foreign cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either of thofe denominations, having any fuch counterfeit mark, feal, (lamp, or impreflion thereon, or (ell or expofe to fale any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either of thofe denominations, with fuch counterfeit mark, feal, (lamp, or impreflion thereon, knowing fuch damp, mark, or feal, to be counterfeited; every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be judged guilty of felony, and (hall fufier as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being, or the major part of them, at any time within two months next after the commencement of this aft, to order and direct all fuch cam-

mencement of bricks and lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or this aft, to be under either of thofe denominations, which (nail have been made, or begun to be made, wove, and fabricated in England or Wales, at any time before the commencement of this aft, to be fealed or marked at both ends of every piece thereof with fuch mark or feal which (hall be provided and appointed as aforefaid, notwithftanding the fame (hall have been taken out of the loom (proof being firft made upon oath to the fatisfaftion of the faid commiflioners, that all fuch goods were really and bona pde made, or begun to be made, wove and fabricated, in England or Wales, before the commencement of this aft) which goods fo marked or fealed, and numbered, in purfuance of fuch di-reftions, (hall and may be fold, difpofed of, and ufed, in like manner as if the fame had been made or wrought after the commencement of this aft, and all the direftions thereof fully complied with; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding; and the fupervifor, or other officer or officers of the excife who (hall be direfted to mark or feal and number fuch goods, (hall make the like entry pf the number of yards in length, and number of threads contained in the warp of each piece of fuch goods, and the number fet thereon, in like manner and under the like penalties as herein before direfted, with refpeft to cambricks or lawns made after the commencement of this aft.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-* That all fuch goods which (hall be feizqd or condemned

it*

Cambricks or lawns made or begun in England before com-

fealed.

Seizures and

Digitized by L^ooQle

*764-] Anno quarto Georgii III. c.37.	125

in purfuance of this ad, and all pecuniary penalties and forfeit- ' .

tires by this ad inflided, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, ^andlppliedl

and recovered, in any of his Majefty>s courts of record at WejU

minjler, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the

name of his Majefty^s attorney general, or in the name or names

of any fuch fupervifor or other officer or officers of the cuftoms

or excife as aforefaid, except in fuch cafes where it is otherwife

provided by this ad; and that one moiety of the clear produce

arifing from the fale of all fuch goods, and of all the pecuniary

penalties and forfeitures inflided by this ad, after all charges

deduded, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and

the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers, or fuch other

perfon who, purfuant to the diredions of this ad, (hall feize,

inform, or profecute for the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, A Capias to That upon every adion, bill, plaint, or information, entered or Kfuc tor the filed as aforefaid, for any pecuniary penalty impofed by this ad,

a Capias in the firft procefs (hall and may iflue, fpecifying the r proce s*

fum of the penalty fued for; and the defendant or defendants Defendants to

(hall be obliged to give fufficient bail or Security by natural-bom give bail.,

fubjeds, perfons naturalized, or denizens, to the perfon or per-

fons to whom fuch Capias (hall be direded, to appear in the

court out of which fuch Capias (hall iflue, at the day of the

return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution; and (hall

likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or

fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer

and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence

or offences, in cafe he, (he, or they (hall be convided thereof,

or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- a&ions*

fon or perfons, for recovery of any of the pecuniary penalties iqflide<I by this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced wjthin twelve calendar months next after the caufe of adion (hall arife, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in the county or place where the caufe of adion (hall arife, and not elfewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give General ifluei this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon verdid or demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for Treble cofb. the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	prghaHg That if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually iie on the

known tiaimer.

Digitized by kjOOQle

j

13

land or Ire-land.

Publick ad.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.38.	£1764*

known by or under either of thofe denominations, fhall be feized by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aft now in force; or if any aftion (hall be brought by the owner or. claimer of fuch goods, againft any officer of the cuftoms or ex-cife, or any other perfon, for any thing done in purfuance of this or any other aft now in force, and any doubt or queftion (hall arife where fuch goods were manufaftured, the proof thereof (hall lie upon the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on the perfon who feized the lame, or againft whom fuch aftion (hall be brought; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Aft not to ex- XXXII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing tend to Scot- in this aft contained (hall be extended, orconftrued, deemed, or taker!, to prevent the fale of, or lay any kind of reftriftion on, any linen goods whatfoever, really and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated in Scotland or Ireland; but that all fuch goods (hall and may be lawfully fold and ufed in England, in the fame manner as if this aft had not been made.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a public aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for allowing further time for inrollments of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of protefiant pur chafers.

Preamble, re- XXT^ERE AS by a claufe in an all of parliament paffed in the citing the aft* *V third year of the reign of his late majcjly King George the Z Geo. I. /VVy?, intituled, An aft for explaining an aft paffed in the laft femon of parliament, intituled. An art to oblige papifls to regifier their names and real ejlates, and for enlarging the time for fuch re-gifiering; and for fecuring pur chafes made by protejlants; it was enafted) That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, Jhould pafs, alter, or change, from any'papi/i, or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, by any deed or wifi, except fuch deed, within fix months after the date, and fuch will, within fix months after the death of the tejiator, Jhould be inroiled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame conn* ty or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in fuch manner as therein for that purpofe is particularly direfted: and whereas by fiveral afts of parliament made in the tenth year of his faid late Majcjly*s reign, and in the third, fixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fixteenth, and nineteenth years of the reign of his late maje-. fiy King George the Second, it was enafted. That every deed and will zvhich had been then made fince the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventcen, in order to pafs,

a\ter%

10 Geo. II.

& 3, 6, 9l 11, *2, 16, & JO

Geo. II.

Digitized by LjOOQle

#764-1 Annoquarto Georgii III. c.38.	127

alter, or change> any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popifh religion, though not then inrolled, jhould Be as rood and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the laid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited, by the Jaid claufe in the laid firfi-mentioned aft, for inrollment thereof, provided the faid aeeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the refpeftive times in the faid feveral afts refpeftively mentioned, in fuch manner as by the faid firfi-mentioned aft was direfted: and whereas by another aft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of16 Gtf#* bis late majefiy King George the Second, it was enafted. That every deed and will made fince the firfi day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popifh religion, to any protefiant or protefiants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will any protefiant or protefiants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interejl whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other protefiant or protefiants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Jhould be as good and ejfeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled wit/Xn the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid afts for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the firfi day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, in fuch manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi-mentioned aft is direfted: and whereas by an aft made in the twenty eighth year of ^ qco jj, the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, it was enafted, * * That every deed and ivill made fince the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, to any protefiant or protefiants, or by or by reajon of which deed or will, any protefiant 0* protefiants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other intereft whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other protefiant or protefiants, though not inrolled in due time, Jhould be as good and ejfeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid afts for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be in* rolled on or before the firfi day of January, one thoujand feven hundred and fifty fix, in fuch manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi-mentioned aft h direfted: and whereas by an aft made in the	qco#

thirty firfi year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the *

Second, it was enafted. That every deed and will made fince the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fevers-teen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any rent or profits thereout, from any papifi or perfon profejfing the popijh religion, to any protefiant or protefiants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will any

pro-

Digitized by t^-ooQLe

A

Anno quarto GeorGii Ut	[1764*

proteflant or protejlants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interijl wbatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or protef -tantSy though not inrolled, or not inroiled in due time, Jhould be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the fame deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the [aid ads for the inroUment thereof provided the faid deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the fir ft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty nine, in fuen manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firft-mentioned ad is directed: and whereas by an ad pajfed in the thirty third year of his faid late Ma-%% Geo. II.	jeftys reign, it was enacted, That every deed and will made fince the

twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popifh religion, to any proteflant or protejlants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will any proteftant or protejlants may claim or derive any legal, equitable9 or other interefi whatsoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteflant or protef-tantSy though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Jhall be as good and effedual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid alls for the inrollment thereof provided the Jame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, in Juxh manner & % Geo. III. as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi-mentioned all is directed: and whereas by an all made in the Jecond year of his prefent Majefifs reign, it was enabled. That every deed and will made fince the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-teen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or perfon prof effing the popifb religion, to any proteflant or protejlants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will, any proteflant or protejlants, may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interefi whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteflant or protef-tants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Jball be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid ads for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, in fucb manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi-mentioned all is directed-, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal. Further time and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the given for in- authority of the fame. That every deed and will made fince the rolling deeds twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and papifts * tiU^i fevcntcen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, Jan. 1/65. tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft therein, or any rent

9*

Digitized by

Google

iffy] Annd quarto Gsorgii HI. c. g&

or profit thereout, from any papift or perfcm profefiing the poplfh '

Sfiigion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by reafon of which efed or will, any proteftant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other intcreft whatfoever, to his; her, or their ufe, tor his, her, or their benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, fhall be as good and effeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cate the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the fstid claufes in the faid afts fof the in-rollment thereof, provided the fame deeds arid wills (hall be in-rblled on or before the firft day of January, one thoufand feveif hundred and fixty five, in fuch manner as by the faid daufe ifi the faid firft mentioned aft is direfted*

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- No deed, wifi, tend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any fuch deed, will, or leafe, already made and not inrolled* of the want of in- whereof ad^ rollment whereof advantage (hall have been taken on or be- vantage has fore the firft day erf January, one thoufand (even hundred and been taken of fixty four, but every fuch deed, will, or leafe, (hall remain qfthe. non-in-fuch force and effeft only, as the fame would have had if this thereof before aft had never been made, and of none other force and effeft* x jan. 176*.

III.	And whereas many purchafes made by proteftants, may be in danger of being impeached or called m queftion, in regard that fome deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to have been inroned according to the faid afts, but have not been fo inrolled ; be It therefore further enafted Purchafes by the authority aforefaid. That no purchafe made for full and m*dc Valuable confideration of any manors, meffuages, lands, tene- ftfan*dS>odf if tnefits, or hereditaments, or of any intereft therein, by any pro- no advantage teftant or proteftants, and merely and only for the benefit of the has been taken proteftants, (hall be impeached or avoided, for or by reafon fornon inrott-that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived, ““S* hath not been inrolled as required by the faid afts, fo as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof, before fuch purchafe was made, and fo as no decree or judgment have been obtained for want of the inrollment of fuch deeds or wills.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- No mat, tend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any grant, leafe, l«lef or morN or mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of prefentation, colla- f^vowlbn1 or tion, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, n'ght 0f pVe. Or ecdefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, or any fcntatioiito a avoidance thereof, made by any papift or perfon profcffing the bring. See. popifti religion, in tnift,> direftly or indireftly, mediately or im-	m troft

mediately, by or for any fuch papift or perfon profefiing the j^tobehere-poptfh religion, whether fuch truft hath been dedaredby writ- by deemed tng or not,	good.

Voi. XXVt	K

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

13o	Anno quarto GeoRGii III. 0.39;	[1764^

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to explain, amend, and render more^ effeftuat, /w* feveral afts of parliament,	** fecond and third

years of bis prefent Majtfty, for paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places therein mentioned, and for preventing annoyances therein \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the fecond year of the reign tf his prefent Mayfly, intituled. An aft for paving, clean-r fing, and lighting, the Squares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Wtfbmnjler, the parifties of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bbomfbwry, that part of the parifh of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middbfex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy,* and that part of the dutchy of Loncofler which lies in the county of Middlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas another aft was made in the lafl feffton of parliament, to explain, amend, and render, more effectual, the lafl mentioned aft: and whereas the cornmiffioners. for putting the faid two feveral afts in execution, have made font* further progrefs in the trujls thereby rep fed in them, but find that both the faid afts are defeftive with rejpeft to feme of the powers thereby given5 nor can the faid afts be ejfeftdalty peat in execution, fa as to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended, unlefsfome new powers are granted, and the find afts, in other refpefts, amended, and made more effectual $ may it therefore pleafe your Msyefty, that it may be enafted 5 and be it enafted by the King’s mdft excellent raa-jeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ajTem-Where a fuffi- bled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time Qt ?fntiZuK rimes, fr°m ant* a^cr the Puffing of this adt, it (hall happen* eri^iali not”" that there fhall not appear at any meeting which (hall be appointed to be had or held by the faid cotiunmiofiers, a fufficien* number of cornmiffioners, as provided for by the faid recited afts, to adt at filch meeting, and to adjourn to ahother day, that then, in (uch cafe, it mall and may be lawful to and for the clerk fummon ano- to the faid cornmiffioners for the time being,, and he is hereby squired to fommon the faid cornmiffioners to meet at the place roons is to be where the laft meeting was appointed to be held, within fix days next after the day on which iuch laft meeting was appointed Im be held; fuch fummons to be in writing, and figaed by the cler^ and to be delivered at the ufual or laft place of abode of the faid cornmiffioners, at leaft four days before fuch next meetings and , in.cafe the faid clerk (hall happen todie before fuch fummons if-or neglecting, fued, or (hall negleft to iffue fuch fummons in manner afore-is tofummon tbcn tbc trea^urer t0 the faid cornmiffioners for the time fuch meeting. bcing fta11 and may>and hc *» hereby required to iffue fuch fum-mons in manner aforefaid,

H. And

meet to aft and adjourn.

Clerk is to

delivered 4 days before, at the com-miftionei • houfes. Clerk dying,

Digitized by L300Q le

1764 J Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39.	131

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Powers and

all and every the powers, authorities, directions, provifions, re- parent and gulations, daufes, matters, and things whatfoever, contained formcr aa8, in the faid recited former a&s, and this aCt, or either of them, extended toal! iball extend to all places, not thoroughfares, within the faid places com-parilhes, precinCts, and places, comprized in the faid former	tb*	-

a<5ts, in fuch and the fame manner as they already extend, or arela

hereby intended to extend, to places which are thoroughfares, as effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the refpeCtive powers, authorities, directions, provifions, regulations, daufes, matters, and things, in the faid aCts, or either of them, contained, vrere herein repeated and fpecially enaCted.

III.	And whereas by the (aid ad of the fecond year of his Claufe in ad prefent Majelty, the commifiioners for putting the faid aCt in »9^oIII-rc* execution, are directed to caufe the works done, under the au- port*!^ be*^" thority of the faid aCt, to be infpeCted by their furveyor or fur- made by the \eyors, or other perfon or perfons appointed by them for that furveyor, of purpofe, who are to report to the commifiioners, in cafe the faid non-per-works (hall not be performed according to the true fenfe of the conSift* be*^ contract or contracts entered into for that purpofe, before the fore the com-iaid commifiioners can caufe the perfon or perfons, fo contract- miffioners ing, to be fued for nonperformance of their contract, which me- bring an ac-thod has been found inconvenient 5 wherefore, be it further en- f^e

aCted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid aCt ^	^

as requires and directs a report to be made by the furveyor or furveyors, or other perfon or perfons appointed by the commifiioners for that purpofe, before any aCtion (hall be brought a-gainft any perfon fo contracting, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefeid, Receivers, or That it (hall and may be lawful for the receiver or receivers of oth5r

the rates, or afiefiments appointed or to be appointed by the faid a^e con^f-commifiioners, or any or either of fuch receiver or receivers, or fi0ners are to for any other perfon or perfons authorized by the faid commif- be allowed to fioners, or any three or more of them, at all convenient times inJpeCt and (firft having an order under the hands of the faid commifiion- ^traSs* ers, or any three or more of them, for that purpofe, to infpeCt from the the books or rates made for railing money for the relief and books of noon maintenance of the poor of all or any of the parithes or places *n ™ comprehended within the faid recited aCts, or either of them, in order to afcertain the rates and afiefimentsto be raifed by vir- [n orderto af-tue of this and the (aid two recited ads, and alfo to take copies certain the thereof, or make extracts therefrom, and likewife to infpeCt and afTeflVnenu to take copies of, or extracts out of or from, any book or books kept by any parifii officer or officers, or other officer or officers appointed by authority of parliament, within the cities of Lon-or	or	county	of	MiddleftXy for the paving, clean-

ing, or lighting, any fquare, iireet, lane, place, or ffiftnCfc, io UtdoHy Weftminfttry or Middltfex5 which infpedion, copies, and extracts, the veftry clerk or veftiy clerks, or other officer or officers of the refpeCtive parilhes ana places, or other officer or

K 2	officers,

Digitized by LjOoq le

iji	Anno	quarto	Gf ORGH IIL c.	[1764.

;	officers,	perfon or perfons, havirtg the cuftody of fuch book an^

fate books and rates, are hereby required to permit and fuffe* to be made, without fee or reward, by fuch receiver or receiv-1	ers, or other perfon or perfons Appointed as aforefaid, on their

producing an order under the hands of the faid commiffioners^ Penalty of or any three or more of them, for that purpofe; and in cafe any ftichretufal. fuch veftry clerk, or other fuch officer or officers, or perfon or perfons, mall negleCt or refufe fo to do, within three days after fuch order (hall be produced and (hewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at his or their laft or mod ufual place of abode, then, and in every fuch cafe, he or they fo refufing or neglecting, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings ; for the fecond offenefe, the fum of forty (hillings ; and for the third, and every other offence, the fum of three pounds. Commifftontrs V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That allowed to it (half and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any ^ more them, from time to time, and at all times Ereach of” hereafter, to compound and agree with any perfon or perfons central. againft whom die faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hail brin£ or caufe to be brought any aCtion or actions, fuit or fuits, for any penalty or penalties, contained in any com-traCt or contracts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any lbch contract or contracts, for fuch fum or fums of money a9 they, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper, fo as the Aim fo compounded and agreed for, be not lefs than the injury or damage fuftairted by the breach or nonperformance of any fuen contract or contracts, and all the cofts, charges, and expenccs* 'Which (hall be occafioned thereby.

'	VI.	And, for the more effectual and proportional rating dead

walls, void fpaces of ground, and other buildings and erections Beadwalls, belonging to any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, void fpaces of or other tenement; be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may ftAldlnw^c. be'lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more belonging to * Of them, and they are hereby required, when and at fiich time any fuch land, and times as the rates and aiteffments hereby and in therfaid r*-houie, cited aChs, or either of them, are directed to be made; to rate rated ^daf- affefs all fuch dead walls, void fpaces of ground, and other idled.	buildings-and	erections,	belonging to any fuch land, houfe, (hop,

warehoufe^ cellar, vault, or other tenement, fituate, (landing, lying, and being within the faid pari(hes and places, comprehended within the faid recited aCts, or this aCt, or either of them,

*	at a rate not exceeding fix pence for every fquare yard, belong-

ing to fuch dead wall, void fpace of ground, building, or other erection, over and above what fuch land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, to wbfch fuch dead wall, void fpace of ground, building, or erection belongs, (hall, by virtue of the (aid recited ads, or this prefent aCt, or either of them, be rated at the faid rates or affeffihents, to be laid, ife-’ ccived, recovered, and applied, in fach manner as Other rates

*<

Digitized by L300Q le

>

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39.	135

the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, paflages, or Purveyor, of places, which lhall be begun to be paved by virtue of this orthe uk,n5 UP the laid two recited adls, lhall be taken up by any perfon or ^cn^forthe perfons, for the purpofe of making, repairing, or altering, any purpofe of vauh or drain, or for any other purpofe whatfoever j the perfon making, re-or perfons fo taking up fuch pavement or pavements, lhall im- P*‘.r,n8> or mediately give notice thereof to the furveyor or furveyors em- or drain, ployed by the comtniffioners for putting this and the faid recited aAs in execution, in order that the fame may, with all conveni- in order that ent fpeed, be laid down and repaired, under the infpedlion of the	m*lr

laid furveyor or furveyors; and the charges' and expences there- <1^5, infoeo-of lhall hie paid by the faid commiffioners, and they lhall be re- tion. imburfed the fame by the perfon or perfons, companies of wa- Commiffioners ter-works, or commiffioners of fewers, who (hall take up, ort0 P*V caufe or procure to be taken up, the faid pavement or pavements, {h^re*^ be or any part or parts thereof; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, reimburfed by companies of water-works, or commiffioners of fewers refpec- the perfons tively, lhall negledl or refufe to pay what the faid commiffioners taking up fuch lhall have fo paid and dilburfed, within ten days next after no- £nVthe?neg-tice thereof, to be left, by the receiver or receivers appointed, or |ea or refaS, to be appointed, by the faid commiffioners, at the d welling-houfe, after due no-or laft place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, or of the fecre-tiee Kiven» taiy or fecretaries, clerk or clerks, of fuch companies of waterworks, or commiffioners of fewers refpedHvely; which notice ihall be in writing, and figned by the clerk to the commiffioners for putting this and the faid recited adb into execution, by order of the laid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of fuch repair; it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid laft mentioned commiffioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or caufe an aaion may to be brought, any adtion or adtions, in the name or names of be brought for their treafurer or treafurers for the time being, for the recoveiy j||* ^eai^erb of fuch fum or fums of money as they lhall have fo expended,	urer

for the relaying and repairing luch pavement or pavements taken up in manner aforefaid; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons hereby diredted to give fuch notice to the furveyor or furveyors, as Pfndty of not is before diredted, lhall negledt fo to do, for the fpace of twenty J^dce ofdie four hours after fuch pavement or pavemetns be fo taken up, taking up fuch fuch perfon or perfons lhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pavements, pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

XII. And be it further enadted by the authorityaforefaid. That when and fo often as there (hall be occafion, after the palling of j^ak^new W this adt, to make new, or additional, or repair, or alter, any of grates, or to the old grates belonging to the commiffioners of fewers, in any repair or alter of the Iquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, oW on«»the or places, which have been, or lhall be, begun to be paved by virtue of this and the faid two former adb, the fame lhall be to pay the ex-made new, repaired, or altered, at the expence of the faid com- pence; miffioners of fewers} and the lame, when fo made new, repair- and tb5j5”*?• ed, or altered, (hall be laid down in fuch places, and at fuch Jj^® ^ jj™

K4	diftance

Digitized by

Google

>

furveyor* un-4^r this ad ihall direct. If the com-jniflionera of fevers ncg-lea, Sep.' the commif-£oners under this aa may

W fewer*.

v

136	Ajinb	quarto	GeoRgii	HI. g. 39. f 1764.

diftance from each other, and in fuch manner and form* as (hall .be direded by the furveyor or furveyors to the commiffioner* appointed by the faid recited ads, or either of them, at the e**» pence of the frid commiflioners of fewers ; and in cafe the faid commiflioners of fewers (hall negjed or fefufe fo to do, for the fpace of ten days next after notice give;*), or left with their cler^ or clerks {qx the time being, it (bail and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners appointed by the faid recited ads, or ordert^ei^meany three or more of them* or their fgrveyor or furveyors. Up t^d ^the nC>	8rate or gra^e? as (hall h® geepflary to be made new9

lobereim-* rcPairec*> altered, aftd laid down, to be fo made new, repaired, burled by the altered, and laid down; the expence whereof (hall ho reimbujcr pommifiioneif fed and paid by the faid commiflioners of fewers,

^Clllf And whereas feveraj gf the ftreets, lanes, and other places, comprehended within the faid two recited ads, or thif pdt, or either pf them, are in fome parts thereof very narrow, and are greatly gbftrgded and made dangerous to foot paflengers, by fteps .being brought out from feversd houfcs into the ftreets; fteps, and doors, going down into cellars, vaults, and othef places, belonging to fuch houfes; and by fhew-glafles, (hewr boards, or other matters or things projeding from mops of houfes, over and beyond the area belonging to fuph houfes, of into the foot ways i be it therefore enaded by the authority a~

f!ommiflion- forefty. That fyojn and after thepaflingot this ad, alwuch soVcmovc^nd $ePs projecting into the foot ways ot the ftreets, all fteps, and alter all fteps doors, going down* gut of the foot ways into any cellars, vaults, projecting into or other places, belonging to any houfe, (hop, warehoufe, of the toot ways, jpnement, as likewife all (hew-glafles, or (hew-boards, projecr doorian oin	over anc* beyond the areas, or into the foot ways $ and a]l

down out ot* and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any thi foot* ways, houfes, warehoufes, (hops, cellars, or other buildings, which into cellars, gaufe or occafion any nuifance, annoyance, incroachiqent, of o^ruSion, ji> any of the fquares, (Irects, lanes, ppurts, alleys, matt?is,Crca«r- yards> Por other places (either jn the foot or carriage ingan ob- w^ys thereof) which (hall be begun to be paved by virtue of ftrudion or t^iis and the faid two forqner ads, (hall be, at the expence of thp

TbeconT*** faid commiflioners, removed, fixed, placed, pr altered, in fuch e common mann^j. fori^ ag ^ approved of by the faid commif-

fioners, pr jiny fivp of more of them, or their furyeyor or furveyors by their dirediqn.

XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any fioje or times hereafter, obftrud, hinejer, pr moleft, any furveyor or furveyors, or

plages. ♦

Penalty of ob-.ftruding any Officer, or o' 'Vher perfon. in

the execution other officer or o&iccrs, perfon or perfons wh^tfgever, who arp bfhis duty. jjjali be employed fo ppt this ar>d the faid two former ads* or cither of th?m, in execution, in the performance or execution of their dnty ; every fuch perfon aqd perfons (b offending Ihall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings; for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings ; and for thp thjrd and every other offence, {he fum of three pounds, b ** 7	’	XV.	An£

Digitized by Google

1*764*1 Anno quarto Geoigii III. c.39.	137

XV.	And whereas all that part of a certain ftreet or plac$ called Swallow Street (which is fituate in the two feveral parifhe* pf Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of fVeftminfier; and extends from the weft end of a publick way or paflage called Major Foubert's pajfage, in the faid parifh pf Saint James; and from the eaft end of Conduit Street in the

parifn of Saint George Hanover Square, northwards, to a certain ftreet, or place called Oxford Road) hath for feveral year* paft been, and ftill is, in all refpedts compleatly paved as 3 ftreet, with houfes of habitation, and other buildings regularly erected and built on each fide thereof: and whereas the faid part pf SwaUow Street above deferibed, was not a ftreet (at the time pf pafling an a dt of parliament in the fecond year of the reigns of the late King William and Queen Mary, made (amongft other things) for paving and cleanfing the ftreets in the cities of Lon~ den, Wefiminjler, and fuburbs and liberties thereof) but was then, and for ieveral years after, ufed as a common graveled lane or highway, not built upon as a ftreet, and was called Marybone Lane \ and therefore feme doubts have lately arifen, whether the faid part of Swallow Street above deferibed, is or is not now a ftreet within the meaning of the faid laft mentioned adt of parliament, with refpedt to the paving thereof, and keeping the jTame in repair: for the obviating of which doubts, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid part of Swallow The whole of Street herein before deferibed, fhall at all times hereafter be. Swallow Street and be deemed and taken to be, a publick ftreet, and part of *bov* defcrib-SwaUow Street aforefaid, to all intents, conftrudtions, and pur- tobeapSick pofes whatfoever, and within the meaning of the faid adt of par- ftreet,P 4 liament, made in the faid fecond year of the reign of King William and to be and Queen Mary; any thing in this or in any former ad or within the aSts oTparliament contained, or any other law,ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	#	W. & M.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid commiffionprs, or any feven or more of them, ersTmpoiw-.may, and they are hereby impowered to make, or caufeto be ed, with con" made, any paflage or callages, through any fquare or place with- fept of the * In the parimes and places comprized in tne faid recited adb or proprietors, phis prefent adt, with theconfent of the owner or owners, pro-prietor or proprietors, and at the expence of fuch owner or any new owners, proprietor or proprietors thereofj and if any fuch new paflages, paflage or paflages (hall be made, the faid commifnoners may and to pave, pave, repair, cleanfe, and light the fame, in like manner, and ^Stlhcfeme, under the fame powers, provifions, rules, regulations, and au-fhorities, as is herein and in the faid two feveral recited adb provided, in refpedt of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, paflages, and places before mentioned.

XVII.	Provided always, That no part of the monies that No port of the fliaD be given by parliament for the purpofes of this and the faid J®.0™*8

two Recited adb, nor any part of the monies that fhall be raifed by the rates to be made and levied by virtue of this and the faid ed by the fyo {ecited ^dts, fhajl be applied to the purpofe of purejjafing rates^tobe

the tpp“w*u|

Digitized by

Google

purchafing houfes or

Sound for tabove purpofe.

In order to make a new paffage, or open the old one, at the Devil's gap near Long Acre,

the coramif-

purpofe:

And where

138	Anno quarto Georgii III. c.39.	[1764.

the faid lands or houfes, or either of them, or the ground or foil thereof.

XVIII. And 'whereas by the faid recited aft of the fecond

Jear of his prefent Majefty, power is given to the faid commif-oners, or any feven or more of them, to make a new paflage, or widen the old one, from Drury Lane into Great Sheeen Street, in the parifh of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middle-fee, at or near a certain place called The Devih Gap, and near adjoining to the eaft end of Long Acre, in manner, and upon the terms and conditions, in the faid aft mentioned; be it there-, „,<UIU„- ^orc farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That upon pav-fioners* arc im- ment of fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be agreed to oe powered,upon paid for the premifles mentioned in tne faid firft recited aft, or IhaU bc^rced ^uc*1 P*1** thereof as (hall be neceflary to be purchafed for that on being paid, purpofe; or if no agreement or contraft (hall be made, then or fatistaftion’ upon making fatisfaftion, in manner herein after mentioned, made to the to the owners of, and perfons interefted in, fuch premifles, it SeCdown	an(*	m*J h* lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or

fuch houfes as any feven or more of them, to take down, or caufe or procure Shall be necef- to be taker! down, all fuch houfe or houfes, with the appurte-lary for that nances, on the fouth fide of the faid gap, or any part or parts of all of fuch of the faid houfes as (hall be neceflary for the purpofe (not exceeding in the whole fix fuch houfes) and to caufe the materials thereof to be removed and taken away.

XIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, tomSkdS11** ^hat if any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation ibch hinds and aSSrc5a^e or foie, feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, houfes, guardians, committees, or other truftees, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, in any wife interefted in any fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, upon ten days notice to them given or left in writing at the dwelling-houfe or houfes, place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or perfons, or of the head officer or officers of fuch body politick,, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or at the houfe of the tenant in pofleffion of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, build-Jhalt refufe to ings, grounds, and hereditaments, (hall negleft orrefufe to treat, treat or agree 0r (hall not agree for the fale of any fuch lands, tenements, l?e houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, or for their intereft therein, or, by reafon of absence, or otherwife, (hall be prevented from treating as afore-fzid; then, and in any fuch cafe, the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall caufe it to be enquired into, and afeertained, by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county of Mtddlefex (which oath the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) what damages will be fu-ftained by, and what recompence and fatisfaftion (hall be made pence is to be to> owners, occupiers, proprietors, or other perfon or perfons ■fcertaiaed by interefted for fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, which the faid commiflioners (hall want to purchafe: and in order thereunto,

the

for the fal thereof*.

Hie damage and recom

a jury.

Digitized by t^ooQle

Aano quarto Georgii III. c.39.	13$

. and afleflments are directed to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, by the faid /ormer adls, or this a <5t, or either of them,

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Charges of That when any defe&ive or bad pavement (hall be mended, al- altering or r«-tered, or repaired, by the order or direction of the faid commif- ^ve^bad** fioners, or any three or more of them, by virtue of the powers pavements, to given by the adt paffed in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s be paid by the reign; the charges and expences thereof (hall be reimburfed tenan* or and paid by the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of cu***r» the refpe&ive lands, houfep, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults* or other tenements, to which fuch pavements (hall adjoin, appertain, or belong; and fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and (hall be liable to pay the whole of fuch charges and expences; and in cafe fuch tenant or tenants, and if not paid occupier or occupiers, (hall not within ten days after the fame after ^uc no” (ball be demanded, by a notice thereof in writing given to him, giycu* her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lad or mod ufual place of abode, pay orcaufe to be paid, the faid charges and expences to the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they mall appoint to receive the fame (which faid notice (hall be in writing, and figned bv the clerk to the commiflioners for the time being, by order or the faid comfniflioners, or any three or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of fuch repairs) a**y iufticc ** it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo to be ap- ^c.^upon^ pointed by-the faid commiflioners to receive the fame, to make complaint complaint thereof to any one or more juftice or juftices of the thereof, may peace for the county or place where nich perfon or perfons fo »ffue h« war-refufing or neglecting (hall be and refidc ; and fuch juftice or juftices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required to feeder bcfgr* iflue a warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and him; feals, to caufe the party or parties to be brought before him or them, and upon the party or parties appearing, or not being to	'

be found after due enquiry, and proof thereof by the oath of the party making fuch enquiry (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way; and if upon the cpnfeflion of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or tpotp credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is aitfl are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) and may after-It (hall appear to fuch juftice or juftices, that fuch charges and wards levy tl*e expences have bpen incurred by the (aid commiflioners, and not j^id or fatisfled by the party or parties as aforefaid, then fuch ana juftice or juftices may, and he or they is and are hereby autho- . rized and required to iflue a warrant or warrants under bis and aheir hand and feal, or hands and feals, for the levying the fame, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch party or parties; and if after full payment thereof, together with all charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, there dull be an over^

K3	plus.

Digitized by

Google

r

pavements in repair not altered by this

aft.

Defeftive or bad pave-

134	Anno quarto GeorgiI III. c. 39.	[1764*

phis, then the fame (hall be paid to the owner or owners of fuch n	goods	and chattels, upon demand.

tvseen land- VIII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall lord and te- be deemed or taken to make void any contraft, covenant, or a-nant concern- greement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in repair fuch pavement.

IX.	And be rt further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That when any defeftive or bad pavement adjoining or belonging to any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, or to any part or parts thereof, which (hall then be untenanted or unoccupied, (hall, by the direftion of the faideotn-* inzto lands or	or	any	three	or	more	of them, be mended, altered,

houics, &c. or repaired, then, and in every fuch cafe, the expence of mend-jintcnanted,to mg, repairing, or altering fuch pavement (hall be paid by the be repaired by 0Wner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of fuch land, houfe, honers^Tthe ^°P» warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement refpe&ively ; expence of the and in cafe of non-payment thereof within ten days next after owners; notice in writing, to be figned by the clerk to the (aid commif-™dif not fi0ncrs for the time being, by order of the faid commiffioners,

notice given* or an? t^irec or more	given or left at the laft or mod

g * ufual place of abode of fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or of the known agent or agents, fteward or Rewards, to fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to pay thefame; and in cafe fuch refpeftive place of abode (hall not be known, and, upon inquiry, not to be found, fuch inquiry to be verified upon oath before one or more iuftice or juftices of the peace, who is and are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame to the perfon or perfons making fuch inquiry, then, within ten days next after notice in writing, figned as aforefaid, (hall be affixed on feme confpicuous part of fuch land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, the treasurer cellar, vault, or other tenement refpeftively; in every fuch cafev JtH t^lc commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall and * may, if they (hall think proper, bring, or caufe to be brought, any aftion or aftions in the name of their treafurer for the time being, againft any fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, for the money at any time fo due; in which aftion or actions no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than on# imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Penalty of X. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons running,drir- fhall, for the future, run, drive, draw, or caufe to be run, any wheel, ^riven> or drawn» on any of the foot pavements of any of the (ledge, wheel-(aid fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, paflages, or places, which (hall be begun to be paved by virtue of the faid former afts. or either of them, or of this aft, any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheel-barrow, or any carriage whatsoever, fuch pavements, perfon or perfons (hall forfeit, for the firft offence, the fum of ten (hillings; for the fecond offence, the fum of twenty (hillings 5 and for the tjiird and every other offence, the fum of forty (hillings.

Notice to be XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

^nimiffioners when and often as any part of the pavements of any of 6	the

aftion for the lame.

barrow, or other carriage, on any of the foot

Digitized by Google

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39;	*39

the laid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, are here- And the cora-by impowered and required, from time to time, as there fhall be occafion, to fummon and call before the faid jury, and ex- fJ^Smon a ju-amine upon oath, all perfons whatfoever, who (hail be thought ry accarding-neceflary or proper to be examined as witnefles touching or con- ly» and exa-; cerningthe premifles (which oath the feid commiffioners, orminc^nefl^ any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required	"

to adminifter) and if any of the parties interefted (hall requeft mSfe** the feme, or the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall think it neceflary, (hall alfo caufe the laid jury to view the place or places in queftion, and (hall ufe all other lawful ways and means as well for their own, as for the faid jury’s better information in the premifles, in fuch manner as they the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall think fit: and after the faid jury (hall have fo inquired of, afcertained, and toadjudgt aftd fettled, fuch damage and recompence, they the faid com- the fum affeft. iniffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall thereupon order and adjudge the turn or fums of money fo aflefled by the faid a jury for fuch purchafes as aforefaid, to be paid to tne perfons interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, according to the verdift or inquifition of the faid jury; which (aid verdift or in- The verdift of quifition, and the order or adjudication fo had and made, (hall *** be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes againft all par- ® ^ made" to ties or perfons whatfoever, claiming in pofleffion, reverfion, re- befoul 1 * mainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, and fucceflors refpeftively, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, and perfons under any other difabi-lity whatfoever, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as other perfon or perfons whomsoever; and all and the par-and every fuch owners, occupiers, and proprietors, and all and ties to be di-every perfon and perfons in any wife interefted in fuch lands, te-

nements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, or any

part or parts thereof fo purchafed as aforefaid, (hall thereby be, ^ from and after the money fo contracted and agreed for, or fo aflefled and adjudged for fuch purchafes as aforefaid, (hall be paid, tendered, or left as herein directed, to all intents and purpofes diverted of all right, claim, intereft, or property, of, in, to, or out of, the fame; and the faid commiffioners, or any feven wh;cj, may or more of them, (hall have full power, by virtue of tnis aft, fold and con-by deed indented and inrolled, within three months after the veyed by the making thereof, in fome of his Majefty’s courts of record at commiflion-Wejlminfter, to grant, bargain, fell, and convey fuch lands, te-tTt* nements, buildings, houfes, grounds* or hereditaments, or fuch parts thereof as (nail be purchafed as aforefaid, to fuch perfon or perfons, and their heirs and afligns, as the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall nominate and appoint, in truft for in truft for the faid commiffioners and their fucceflors, for thethc pw'pofe? purpofes of the faid recited afts, and of this aft, or either of S^andtiit1 them; which faid grant, .bargain, fale, and conveyance, lhall mated aft*, be good and available in the law to fuch perfon or pnrfons, and

their

Digitized by

Google

If the Aims awarded (hall not be duly paid, See.

the faid verdict and ad * judication to be void.

Com million- * era irn powered to iffuc their warrant to the fheriff for lummoning a

*Vr»

Sheriff to return a jurv accordingly;

and in default of a fufifcient number ap-

Itandet *-by may be returned.

Jury may be challenged.

Power given to' the com-m iHi oners to fine the (heriff,

bis agents, and fury.

and pe^fons fommoned to pve evidence,

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.39.	[1764*

their heirs, in truft as afbrefiud, againft all perfons whomfoever, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, whether under abilities or difabilities as aforefaid, or in any wife interefted in, or claiming, any eftate, right, title, or intereft, in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments* and every part or parts thereof fo purchafed as aforefaid-

XX.	Provided always, That in cafe rhe faid fum or fun*s fo aflefled by the faid jury, and ordered and adjudged by the faid commiflioners to be paid, as a fatisfaction to the owners, incumbrancers, occupiers or others, for their refpe&ive intcrefts in the faid premiffes, (hall not be paid, tendered, or left, as herein mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, within one calendar month after the fame (hall have been fo aflefled, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in fuch cafe, the verdid of the faid jury, and order and adjudication of the (aid commiflioners, (hall not be binding upon the faid parties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding: and, for the Summoning and returning of fuch jury or juries, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to iflue their warrant or warrants to the fheriff of the faid county, thereby requiring him to impanel, fiunmon, and return, an indifferent Jury of twenty four pprfoqs, tp appear before the faid commiflioners, or any five oy mpre of them, at fuch tim^ and place as in fuch warrant (Jiall be appointed ; of which time and place all parties intereftr ed (hall have ten days notice given or left in manner herein laflt before-mentioned ; and the faid (heriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, fummon, and return fuch twenty four perfons accordingly ; and out of the perfons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear according to or upon fuch fummons, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall caufetp be fworn twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforer faid ; and for default of a fufjicient number of jurymen, the laid (heriff, or his deputy or deputies, (hall return fo many of the ftanders-by as (hall be nepeffary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaic), That all perfons concerned (hall, from tiipe to time, have their lawful challenges (but not to challenge thp array of the panej) againft any of the laid jurymen, whpn they come to be fworn; and the faid commiflioners, t>r any feVqi or more of them, acSling in the premiffes, (hall have power, from time to time, tQ impofe any reafonable fine or fines op fuch (heriff, his deputy Qr deputies, bailiffs, or agents* making dpfault in the premiffes $ and on an^ of the perfons that (ha|l be fumiqoned arid returned on fuch jury, and (hall pot appear, or refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verdid, qr in any msumer wilfully negle&ing their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t; and on any of the perfons who- being required togjvc evidence touching

*	‘	4	*..............................ih*

Digitized by ^.ooQle

1764.3	Anno quarter Georgh HI. c. 39.	^	14*

the premifles, (hall refufe to be examined or to give evidence; making de-and, from time to time, to levv fuch fine or fines in fuch man- **u1t in the ner as any penalties in the (aid recited a&s are directed to be le- K^tatioir of vied and recovered, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed the fum fuch fines, of ten pounds upon any one perfon for any one offence.	.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, llw^1SeS That in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum or fums confideration df money (hall be fo aflefled or due as aforefaid, ^cannot be found, money (halt be dr if by reafon of difputes depending in any court of law or awarded can-equity, or for defeat of evidence, or otherwise, it (hall not ap-not pear to the (aid commiflioners what perfon or perfons is or are dSfrmtem intituled 5 or if any mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refufe to law, or defe& take in his, her, or their mortgage money due on the premifles, of evidence, after notice given to him, her, or them, for that purpofe j then, or mortgagees and in all and every fuch cafe and cafes, it (hall and may be th^°wrt^ lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more gage money* of them, to oi*der the fum or fums fo aflefled and awarded, as . f -aforefaid, or as (hall be due on fuch mortgage, to be paid into	be"

the bank of England, in the name of the treasurer to the faid paid into the commiflioners for the time being, and of any five or more of oank, for the the (aid commiflioners, for the ufe of the parties interefted inufc<?f *** the faid premifles, to be paid to them, and every of them, ac- partic#f cording to their refpe&ive eftates and interefts m the faid premifles, as the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them,

(hall, by any order to be made by them, direft.

; XXIII. And whereas feveral noblemen, gentlemen,and others, refiding near and palling through the faid gap, have, by voluntary fubfeription among themfelves, agreed to raife a confider-able fum of money towards purchafing the (aid houfes and ground, but it may fo happen that the faid fund may not be quite fufficient to pay the purchafe-money 5 and in order to com-pleat the faid defign, other perfons may be induced to lend and advance money towards the faid purchafe: and whereas by reafon of fuch purehafes as aforefaid, the commiflioners may be poflefled of one or more houfe or houfes, or fome piece or parcel of ground, over and above what may be neceflary for the Cornmirtlorr-opening and widening the faid gap; be it therefore further en- «r* may let or fi&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com- andU<ld matet dniflioners, or any three or more of them, to let, fell, or dif- rids,°or the C" ■pOfe of fuch houfe or houfes, or fuch piece or parcel of around, ground fo either together, or feparately and in parcels, as they (hall think purchafed, moft advantageous and convenient, to fuch perfon or perfons as whicb &all be (hall be willing to contract for and purchafe the fame j and to ^ u ~ defign and lay out in what manner the houfes to* be built there- their*purpofe 5. on mall be erected and built, and of what breadth and extent and lay out the faid ftreet or gap, fo intended to be widened* (hall be ; and t^m*11***? alfiy to fell and difpofe of the materials of fuch houfe or houfes thercoifi« as the faid commiflioners (hall purchafe and caufe to be pulled and the down as aforefaid; and apply the money arifing by fuch fale as breadth and aforefaid, to reimburfe and pay the perfon and perfons who of **** fiuii hwt advanced any fum or fums of money, over and be- a^d apply the

£dcs money anting

Digitized by

Google

142	•	Anno	quarto	Georoh	III.	c.3f.	[1764.

by the £ale to tides the money raifed by fuch voluntary fubfcription as afore-the contribu-

^Ich of the XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

powers* kc. That fuch of the powers, provisions, and authorities, contain-

granted by the ed in the faid former ads, or either of them, as are varied or

former a&, as altered by this ad, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared altered by tQ ^ r alcd>

**" XXV. And whereas by an ad made in the Sixth year of the Claafes m aft	his majefty King George the Firft, for preventing the

t'Geo. I, carriage of exceffive loads of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of London and IVeftminfler, it is provided. That no perfon fhail carry, at one load, within the faijd limits, in any waggon or cart having the wheels thereof (hod or bound with, tire or (breaks of iron, more than one chaldron of coals: and whereas by an ad made in the third year of the reign of his 3 Gee. II* late msyefty King George the Second, for the better regulation of the coal trade, proviiion is made for infliding a penalty on all perfons who (hall foil any quantity of coals as and for pool meafure including the ingrain, and (hall not deliver to the buyer of fuch coals the full quantity of coals fo fold, as the fame were meafured from on (hipboard, together with the ingrain • * thereof: and whereas by an ad made in the nineteenth year and 19ueo.ll. Df tbc cf bis faid majefty King George the Second, for preventing frauds and abufes in the admeasurement of coals, it is declared. That all agreements for coals to be delivered within the limits aforefaid, diredly from any lighter or other craft, to the container, not being alefs quantity than five chaldrons, (hall he deemed and underftood to be for pool meafure, including the ingrain of one chaldron for every twenty chaldrons: and whereas many perfons have, to their great prejudice, (offered the penalty infiided by the faid ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firft, by carrying the ingrain belonging to each chaldron in the fame cart with the coals : therefore, for preventing fuch hardfhips for the future, be it further Any auantity enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paf-of coal*, not £ng of this ad, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to carry at one load, within the limits deferibed by the faid ad of c ron> the fixth of King George the Firft, in any waggon or cart, any quantity of coals not exceeding the quantity of one chaldron, with the in- and the ingrain thereunto belonging, after the rate of one chal-8rai?r.:** dron in every twqity chaldrons, without being liable to aoy pe-fiad, without naltY ^or the fame» a°y thing in the laid ad of the fixth year being liable to of the reign of his faid majefty King George the Firft, or any any penalty, other ad or ads, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

Recovery and XXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, application of That all penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed (the man-

penalriet.

ner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwifc particularly direded) (hall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fon^e juftice of the peace for the find county

of

Digitized by L^ooQle

1764*]'. Anno quarto Gioroii in. c. 39; .	143

of Middkfex, or the city or liberty of Weftminjler, as the cafe tnay be; which warrant fuch juftice is hereSy impowered and required to grant, upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles upon oath (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) and the penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the party or parties whofe goods and cnattels mail be fo diftrained and fold (the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deducted) (hall be paid to the treafurer to the faid commiffioners for the time being, and be applied towards the purpofes of the faid former adts, and this adt; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties or forfeitures fhall not be paid, it (ball and may be lawful for Inch juftice, and he is hereby au-» thorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feat, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of corredtion, for anv time not exceeding two months.

XXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Proceeding! That no proceeding to be had touching the convidhon of any touc^j2* offender or offenders againft this adt, or any order made, or oftndcr^1 not Other matter or thing to be done or tranfadted, in or relating to to be quaflted the execution of this adt, (hall be vacated or quafhed for want for want of of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or pro- form> °£ *** cefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty's courts of reconi at ^trtwran* W*ftmmfttr\ any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

xxvm. And be it further enadled by the authority afore- Limitation of faid. That no adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any aftiont*. perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt,

Uhtil eight dear days notice (hall be thereof given in writkrc to the cleric or treafurer to the faid commiffioners, or after fufficient fatisfadtion, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or1 parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fadt committed, for which fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuit$9 fhall be fo brought; and every fuch adtion (hall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county orplace where iuch matters and things tefpcdtively (hall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch adtions and fuits, and every of them, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, atGeneraI *®li< any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon, and that thfe matter or thing for which fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits, fhall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: and if the faid matter or thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch adtion or fuit was brought before eight dear days notice thereof given as aforefaid*

Or that fufficient iatisfadtion was made or tendered as aforefaid, pr if any fuch adtion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purpofe limited, or (hall be laid in any other wunty or place than as aforefaid, then the jury or juries (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein * and if a verdidter

verdidts

Digitized by t^ooQle

*44

Treble colb.

Pittibble.

i. ■

Afmo qdarto GeoAgii III.	(1764*

vefdi&s (hall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or ilf the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch a&ion or actions, fuit or fuits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of fuch ac-* tion or actions, or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers any fbclf aflion or attions, judgment (hall be given for the defendant otf defendants therein, then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts ; and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cofts in any other cafe* by law.

CAP. XL.

An aft far the more eafy and fpcedy recovery of fmall debtt within the borough and foke of Doncafter, in the county' df York; dnd for lighting the ftreets, lanes, and other1 1 open pajfages and places, within the faid borough.	*

WHEREAS the borough of Doncafter in the county ofYork, it large and populous, has a navigable river, and is a great thoroughfare between the fouth and northern parts of tins iingdemr byt means whereof a confederable trade is carried on in the faid borough, and foke thereof: a?td whereas there are many perfons to whom that, traders of the faid borough and foke are obliged to givecredit for fma& films of moneys who frequently refufe, although able,• to pay the fapta9 prefuming on the difeouragements which, creditors lie under, from the expence which they are unavoidably put to, and the delays they meet with in filing for fuch debts: and whereas a more eafy and fpeedy method of recovering finall debts, within the faid borough and Joke, would greatly tend to promote iniuftry, and fupport ufejul credit therein * and whereas the lightings in a proper manner, the ftreets, lanes, and other open pajfages and places, within the faid borough, would be of great benefit arid fafety to the inhabitants thereof, as well as to all perfons reforting thereto: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fjiiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That

Comraiftioners appointed. They are constituted a court of requefts. Three or more impowered to hofd a court on Thurfday in every other week. Fiift meeting. Bufinefs of other courts not to be impeded by their meet* ings. Power and bufinefs of this court Calling vote, on equality, to lie In the mayor, fenior alderman, or coramiffioner who Hands firtt on the lift. — Method of ele&ing new commiflioners. — The order, in which

the coramiflioners are to be fummoned.--Any commiflioner, though

not fummoned, &c. may fit in the court.-ComiuHfioners to take oath

for faithful impartial, and honeft difeharge of the truftj to be admin#* Ared by the clerk, and regiftred. -=—Richard Sbtpbtrd conftitutcd clerk of .the court; with power to appoint a deputy. — Serjeants at mace appointed ferjeants of the court.-Creditors may fue For any debt undo:

40s. in the faid court. And on application to the clerk, who (hall furtf-. mon the debtor, and proof of fervice of tbe fummons, the commUfionem are to enquire into the demand, and pafs final judgment thereupon t aa4 may adnunifter an oath to witneffes and officers. — Debtor not appeag-court may hear the caufc dh the part of the plaintiff, abd pads judgment*

Digitized by v^ooQle

*45

T7t>4" J	Anno quarto Georgii III. c.41.

ment thereon* with cods. — Plaintiff not appearing, or being nonfuited, cods to be awarded to the defendant. ——Upon order for payment of money, execution is to be awarded againft the body or goods of the party. Confinement on execution not to exceed three months. If the execution be prevented, or evaded, the court may order another upon the firft default of payment, the court may award execution for the whole debt with further cofts. — Debt and colls to be marked on the back of the precept. On paying hi the fame to the clerk, before execution takes effect, with

the fees due to the officers, &c. execution is to be fuperfeded.-Attor-

nies and folkitors not exempted.-----Officer neglecting his duty, liable

to pay the debt. Fees allowed to the clerk and ferjeants. A table thereof to be hung up in the court.---Penalty of demandingor taking great-

er or other tees, not exceeding 40 s. nor lefs than 10 s. Clerk or lerjeanti guilty of notorious misbehaviour, court may enquire into the fame, and certify the particulars to the mayor, who fhaJl fammon a general meeting, who may remove the delinquent. —• A commiffioner interefted in any •caufe depending, is to withdraw, after being heard, till the fame is determined: and officer being interefted, the court is to appoint another per-ibn to aft pro Umpore. — Perfons infulting the court while fitting, or any members thereof going to or from the fame, or interrupting the proceedings, may be punilned by fine or imprifonment. Where fine cannot be levied, offender is to be committed. Application of the fines. Copy of tbisclaufeto be fixed up in the court. — Actions for debt recoverable in this court, are not to be brought in any other. The regifters of the court, or true copies thereof, deemed legal evidence. Proceedings, &c.

: not to be removed.  --Specification of debt, See. not fuable in this court.

. — Penalty of wilful and corrupt perjury. —Keepers of the common gaol are to receive and keep in fate cuftody, &c. all perfons committed by order of the court 5 on penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 51/nor lefs than 40 s. to be levied by diflrefs and fale of the offenders goods, and to

be paid and applied as other fines.--No attorney to fpeak in the court,

where he is not a party or witnefs, on penalty of 101. nor to aft as a com-mifiioner.----Witnefs duly fummoned, refufing to appear and give evi-

dence, may be fined not exceeding 50 9. nor lefs than 5 s. to be levied by diftreftand fale of the offenders goods, and paid over to the party injured. =--No writ may be filed out againft any commiflioner or officer,

for any thing done in the execution of their refpeftive offices, until they have been ferved with due notice. Attorney’s fee for preparing and ferv-iiig fuch notice. —Defendant tendering fiimcient amends 5 verdift to be given for him. If none, or infufficient amends are tendered. Scc. plaintiff to recover damages and. cofts. If notice has not been given, defendant to recover. Defendant may pay money into court before iffue joined.

* No evidence to be given on the trial, but what is contained in the notice.

*---— Corporation at their own expence, to light the ftreets. See. within

the borougn. Lamps, Sec. veiled in the mayor t penalty on perfons injuring them. Limitation of anions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Pub-lick aft.

CAP. XLL

An	aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts

in the town and	partjh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the coun-

ty of Weftmorland.

W

HER E A S a great trade is carried in in the town and pa- Preamble. rijh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland,

and the inhabitants thereof have of late yefrs greatly increafed: and whereas many poor honeft perfons are obliged to contra^ fmall debts within the jaid town and parijh, and limits of the fame, and they being frequently rendered unable to pay the faid debts in due time, their auditors do often bring fuits and actions againft them for recovery of Vol. XXVI.	L	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

146

Anno quarto GeoRGII III. C.42—45.	[1764s

the fame, and in confequence thereof their goods and effefts are feized and fold, or their perfons imprifoned, to the utter ruin of themfelves and families, the lofs of their labour to the publicly and the great burthen and charge of the parifh or townfhip to which they belong -for remedy whereof, and to the intent that fome other eafy and fpeedy method may be provided for the recovery and payment of fmall debts within the faid town and parifh and the limits thereof: may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enatfted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by. and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That

Commiflioners named; and any three, or more, of them conftituted a court of requefts. Provifo. Commiflioners to aflemble at a certain place: to be chofen in rotation. Commiflioners to ele& a clerk. — Commiflioners to iffue a Capias. Penalty on perfons refuting to obey fubpsenas of the court. Creditors may fue for debts under 40 s. Commiflioners to admi-

nifter oaths.-Penalty on infulting the commiflioners, or being guilty

of perjury.---Commiflioners to take an oath. Fees to be taken. 51. Penalty on demanding greater fees.-Certain debts excepted. —Plain-

tiffs not appearing, &c. Commiflioners may award coftsto defendants.—~ If debtors refufe to appear, commiflioners may hear and determine the

caufe. Application of penalties.-Clerk to adjourn the court.-*—Debts

recoverable in this court, not to be fued for in any other court. — Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of a&ions. Genera) iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.	-

CAP. XLII.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Shtllingford, in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pang-borne, to Reading, in the county Berks ; and for building a bridge over the river of Thames, at or near Shil-lingford Ferry.

CAP. XLIII.

An	aft for	maintaining, regulating,	and employing the poor,

within the parifh of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for lighting the faid , and ejlablifhing a regular nightly watch therein.

CAP. XUV.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Horlham, in the county of Suilex, through the	of	Shipley,

Weft Grinfted, Alhurft, Steyning, Bramber, and Breeding, in the faid county.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to amend and render more	feveral afts of

liament,for repairing the roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chappel in the Frith, the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport, the county of Chefter, to Manchefter, in the county of. Lancafter, and 2	other

L

Digitized by v^ooQle

147

x 764*1 Anno quarto GeoRGH III. €.46—51.

other roads in the	faid afts	mentio, and for turning and

diverting the roads from Whaley Bridge, to Chappel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pitt Gate;	Whaley	Bridge,

to the weftern end of Longfide Common, in the county of Chefter.

CAP. XL VI. jAn ait to continue an ait pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of bis late majejty King George the	for continuing an

ail,faffed in the fifth year of the reign of George the Firfi, intituled,An a<5t for laying a duty of two pennies Scots,or onefixth part of a penny upon every pint of ale or beer, that lhall be vended or fold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and pre-ferving the harbour, and repairing the town houfe, and building a fchool, and other publick buildings tjiete;

•' and for fupplying the faid town with frefh water.

CAP. XLVII. jfn ail for repairing and widening the	, from the end of

Stanbridge Lane, near a barn in	of Romfey,

to the turnpike road at Middle Wallop, and from the turnpike road between Stanbridge Lane	,	and

Great Bridge* to the turnpike road at Stockbridge, and from the garden of Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the garden wall of Denys Rolle, efquire, at Eaft Tuderley, and from Lockerley Mill Stream, to Eaft Dean Gate, and from the faid garden wall to the turnpike road leading from Stockbridge	aforefaid, the county of Southamp-

ton, to Salilbury.

CAR XLVIII.

An a8 for repairing and widening feverroads leading from Callington in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XL1X.

An ail to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to pur chafe houfes and ground for opening a fage for	carriages, from Cornhill to the bank, and making

more commodious feveral other paffages leading thereto •, and for enlarging the buildings of the faid , and making the fame more commodious.

CAP. L.

An ail for the relief of the bond and other creditors of the wardens and commonalty of the myflery of Mercers of the city of London.

CAP. LI.

An ail for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of

L 2	an

Digitized by Google

•Anno quarto GeoRGII III. c.52—5$.	£1764.

an aH, made in the twenty Jixth year of the reign of'his late majtfty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from theweff end of the town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the faid town, to the fouth end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

CAF. LIT.

An	aEl for repairing and widening the road from Wofkfop,

in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Gate-forth, Anfton, Afton, Handfworth, and Darnall, to the north eajl end of Attercliffe,	the county of York, where

the fame joins the turnpike road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

CAP. LIII.

An	aEl for repairing and widening the roads from the High

Bridge in Spalding, to a certain place called Tydd Goat, in the county of Lincoln*, and from SuttOn Saint Mary’s, to Sutton Walh, in the faid county.

CAP. LIV.

An aEl for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aEl, paffed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An act for making, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads in the feveral parities of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondfey,in the county of Surrey, and Lewijham, in the county of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane, and for lighting, and watching the faid roads.

CAP. LV.

An aEl for eflablifhirig 0 regular and nightly watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parijh of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Weftminftfer, and county of Middlefex.

CAP. LVI.

An aEl for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Blything, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LVII.

An aEl for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LVIII.

An aEl to amend and render more effeElual an aEl pafjied in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford,in die county of Suffolk.

§	     CAPt

Digitized by

Google

1764 ] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 59 CAP. LIX.

An all for the better relief and employment of the , in the hundred of Samfbrd, in the county of Suffolk;

CAP. LX.

An aR for the more ejfeRud relief and employment of the poor, within the city of Gloucester, and for lighting the Jlreets of the faid city.

CAP. LXI.

An aS for repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and feveral other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXII.

An all for continuing the terms of, and	,	alls

for repairing feveral roads leading from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford •, and for widening and amending the road,through the parifh of Bromefberrow, in the county of Gloucefter, and through Corfe Lawn, till it meets the road from Gloucefter to Worcefter.

CAP. LXIII.

An all for amending and widening the road from a place near . the village of Milford, through Haflemere, to the Portf-mouth	road,between Lippock	Rake, in the feveral

counties of Surrey, Suflex, and Southampton.

CAP. LXIV.

An aR for amending and widening the road from Tinfley in the county of York, to the town o/Doncafter, county.

CAP. LXV.

An aR for amending and widening the road from the fouth end of 4he town of Rotherham in the county York, to the prefent turnpike road, near Pleafley, the county of Derby, and alfo the road from the north end of the faid town of Rotherham, into the prefent turnpike road on the fide of Tankerfley Park,	in the faid county York;

CAP. LXVI.

An aR to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an aRpaffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road between the town King-fton upon Hull, and the town of Beverley, in the eaft riding of the county of York; and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge, to the weft end of the town of Cottingham, in the faid riding.

L 3	CAP.

Digitized by LjOoqIc

Anno quarto Georgii III. C. 67—72.	[ 1764,

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for	repairing, Widening, and keeping in	, /A#

roads leading from Alfreton in the county of Derby, through Carters Lane* to a certain place in the town of Mansfield, called Scockwell, and from the Bridle Gate at the divifion of the liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the town of Sutton Afhfield, to the Mansfield and Newark turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the foreji of Sherwood, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the ,	,	An	a<5fc

for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the county of Lancajler.

CAP. Lxix.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Baxter Gate, in the town of Whitby, to the foutb end of Lockton Lane, in the parifh of Middleton, in the county of York.

CAP. LXX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of two afts of the twelfth of King George the Firjl, and of the third of his late Majefty, for repairing	fevroads therein mentioned,

in the county 0/"Salop; and alfo for amending and widening the road from tbefign of the Horfe Shoe in Ucking-ton, to Longnor Green; and alfo from the weft end of Hatcham Bridge, to the Crofs Houfes upon the Bridge-north turnpike road, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for extending the provifions of an , paffed in the twenty fifth year of his late	,	for	repairing	the

roads from the north end o/'Malling Street, near Lewes, and other roads in Suflex, to the road leading from the north end of Offiiam, to the Spital Barn Lewes a-forefaid.

C A P. LXXII.

An aft for continuing one moiety of the	, granted by an

aft if the	eleventh and twelfth year of King William the

Third, for the repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by feveral other afts, continued till the twelfth day of May, one tlidufandfeven hundred andfixty five; and for

i ap'f tying

Digitized by L^ooQle

*5*

1764*] Anno quarto Georgii III. c.73—78.

applying the fame to compleating and keeping in repair tie

. harbour of Rye, in the county of Suflex, and for more effeftually compleating and keeping in repair the harbour.

CAP. LXXIII.

'An	aft for paving,	repairingand the

lanes, alleys, and	publick within the town of

Whitby, in the county 0/1 ork; and for preventing croacbments and annoyances therein; and for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there.

CAP.LXXIV.

An aS for amending and fupplying the deficiencies of an all faffed in the fecondyear of the reign of bis prefent King George the	Third, intitulAn aft to	amend and

render more effeftual, feveral afts made for cleanfing and enlighting the ftreets of the town of Kingfion upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for fupplying the borough and town of Wigan, the county of Lancafter, with frefh and wbolfome water.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roadfrom Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fi year of the reign of bis late	Majefiy, intituled,An aft for repairing and widen-

ing the road leading from Piper’s , in the parifii of AJbcot, in the county of	Someto and through Qlaf-

tonbury and Wells to the Whitt , in the great wcftcrn road, to the city of Bath, and from Wells to Rujh Hill, leading to the city of Briftol; and for repairing and widening feveral other roads leading from the city of Wells.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the county of Kent; and alfo for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Cowgate and Arch-cliffe Fore, in Dover, through Folkftone, to the town of Hythc, in the fail county.

L 4	CAP*

Digitized by

Google

jr

>5*

Anno quarto GeoRGII HI. C. 79—84.	[1764.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of fo much of an aft of the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late	,

for repairing and widening	fev, therein ,

■ leading from the town of Tewkelbury, in the county of Gloucefter, as relates to the firft diftrift of roads therein mentioned\ and for amending the road from Comb Hill, to a bridge near Norton Mill, the county of Gloucefter, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the turnpike road which leads from Upton on Severn to Perfhore, in the county of Worcefter.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in Donington, and from the tenth mile ftone, in the parijh of Gofbertown, to the eighth mile ftone, in the parijh of Wigtoft, in tbecounty of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in , feve-rdl roads leading from the Bucks Head at Wading Street, to Beckbury, and the New Inn ; and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Poft, in the parijh of Kemberton, in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXXXII.

An aft for widening and repairing the road leading from Afh* borne, in the county of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the prefent turnpike road from Sheffield and Chefterfield to Derby, at or near a place called Open wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Bramcott Odd Houfe, in the county of Nottingham, to the Crofs Poft upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby, and from Ilkefton to the towns of Heanor and Shipley, in	t he faid county	of Derby, and from Trowell, in the

county ^Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicefter, to the Guide Poft in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leicefter, and from the town of Leicefter, to the town of Lutterworth, in the faid ty , and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c.85—93.

CAP. LXXXV.

An a£l for repairing and widening the road from Scots Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, by or through the villages of Langholm and Hawick to Haremofs, the county of Roxburgh.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An a£l to amend and render more ejfeftual two feveral a bis pajfed in the twenty fourth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late	Majefty, for repairing the high roads in the

county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An a£I for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Bideford, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in feveral roads leading from the town of Cardiff, and feveral other towns and places in the county of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An a£l for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Mutford andLothingland, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XC.

An a£l for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XCI.

An	aS for the better relief and employment of the poor in the

hundred of Wangford, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XCII.

An act for the better paving of the ftreets and lanes, and for preventing nuifancesand other annoyances, in that part of theparifh of Portfea, in the county Southampton, monly called Portfmouth Common.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for the better fupplying the town of Knarefborough, and that part of the townfhip e/Scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the faid town, with water.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Digitized by v^-ooQle

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII III.

REGIS

Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernia,

Q^UINTO.

At the parliament begun and holden at	the

Nineteerith Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the Firft Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great	,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And'from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the Tenth Day of ’January 1765, being the Fourth SeiBon of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAMBRIDGE:

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITYj for CHARLES BATHURST, oppofitc St, Dunflan’s Church in Fleet-ftreet, London. 1765.

Vot. XXVI.	M

Digitized by

Digitized by v^-ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno quinto GE ORGII IIIx Regis.

CAP. I.

An aft for the importation of failed beef porky bacon% and buttery from Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of falted beef

porky bacony and buttery into the kingdom of Great Britain, Preamble, from Ireland, for a limited timey mayy at this time9 be a great advantage to both kingdoms; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That TCe import*, the importation of all falted Deef, pork, bacon, and butter, into rion ?f *«ted the kingdom of Great Britainy from Irelandy (hall be, and is from " hereby permitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the Ireland for is term of twelve months from the commencement of this adt;monthti and that all perfons (hall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and difeharged, from the payment of all fubiidies, cuftoms, rates, duties, or other impofnions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punifhments, for or upon account of importing or bringing falted beef, pork, bacon, or butter, into the kingdom of Great Britainy from Irelandy during the term aforefaid, other than fuch as herein afte^r are mentioned in refpedt thereof; any aft or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

II, Provided always, and, to the intent that the revenue a-upon payment rifing from fait may not be prejudiced by fuch importation of?* the follow-falted beef, pork, bacon, or butter, from Irelandy be it cnadfc-,ng ralt duacg* ed. That from the commencement of this prefent adt, during the continuance thereof, there (hall be paid to fuch officer as the commiffioners for the duties on fait for the time being (hall appoint, at the port in Great Britain into which fuch falted beef, vis. 3s. pork, bacon, or butter, (hall, in purfuance of this adt, be im- barrel ^ ported from Irelandy and before any part thereof (hall be deli- beef or pork* vered out to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame ihall belong, or be conligned, the fum of three (hillings and four pence for every barrel or cafk of falted beef or pork to be imported during the continuance of this a Sty containing thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler auantuy; and for every hundred weight of bacon, falted beef called dried

M2	beefy

Digitized by

Gcflogle

164	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	i.	[1765.

beefy dried neats tongues, and dried hog-meat, the fum of one loo weight billing ar*d three pence; and for every hundred weight of all for airjricd fuch “iked butter, the fum of four pence ; and foin proportion beef, neats for any greater or lefler quantity than an hundred weight of tongues, and any fuch falted beef called dried beefy bacon, dried neats tongues, anfd^er or ^Tlc^ hog-meat, as or for cuftom or for duty, on or in refpedfc ^oo weight thereof: the money fo arifing by the importation of the faid for all falted falted beef, pork, bacon, dried beef, dried neat9 tongues, dried butter; * hog meat, or butter, to be paid into his Maiefty’s exchequer, ^rtionforTlias Part	duties	on	kk»	laid	by an a6t ot the fifth year of

quami- rci8n of hi* ,ate majelly King George the Second, and con-ties.	tinued by feveral fubfequent a&s.

The duties to be paid over into the' exchequer as part of the duties on fait.

Provifions III- And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, landed with- That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the commencement out the faid and during the continuance of this a&, land any fuch falted firll^ai^afe ^cef, pork, bacon, or butter, or any falted beef called dried forfeited; ^o- beefy dried neats tongues, or dried hog-meat, into the kingdom gether with of Great Britaifiy from Ireland, before payment of the duty or aos. per bar- duties by this a<ft fpecified and directed, the fame (hall be fbr-rel***! feited and loft, and twenty (hillings per barrel for every barrel aos. per 100 or calk °f fuch falted beef or pork, and twenty (hillings per weight for all hundred weight for every hundred weight of fuch bacon, falted dried meat beef called dried beefy dried neats tongues, dried hog-meat, or and butter. faited butter, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, to be recovered ot the importer or proprietor thereof j and Recovery; mi- that it (hall and maybe lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, tigation, and being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or of his Majefty’s a^*thCati0ai duties uPon kk> t0 take and feize all fuch commodities as (hall ties. C " be imported and landed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, together with the calks, veflels, and package containing the (ame; and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be diftributed in manner following ; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, to the perfon or perfons who (hall feize, fue, or inform for the fame; to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVejlminJlery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; or may be fued for, recovered, and mitigated, as any forfeiture or penalty may be fued for, recovered, and mitigated, by any of the laws relating to the duties on fait.

IV.	Provided always, and be it hereby ena&ed. That mo to°^lTowca drawback (hall be allowed or paid for any (uch falted beef, pork, on theexpor- bacon, or butter, fo imported into the kingdom of Great Britainy tation thereof from Irelandy and which (hall be exported from Great Britain elfewhcre. clfewhere.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a<ft, the defendant or efendants in any fuch adlion or fuit, may plead the

General UTue. general iffue, and give thi* aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence,

at

Digitized by LjOOQle

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 2;	165

at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in

purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear

fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or

defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcon-

tinue his action, after the defendant or defendants (hall have

appeared; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or

demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall

and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the Treble cods.

fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other.

cafes by law.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and ftxty five.

Preamble. Malt aft of i George III. further continued to 24 June, 1766.

Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per bufhel. Mum ios. per barrel. Cyder and perry made for (ale, 4s. per hogfhead. How thefe duties are to be railed, &c. 20,000!. to be raifea in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fifheiies, Sec. This aft to relate to the fame day and time as the aft 1 Geo.

III. did. Malt brought from Scotland by (ea, to be entered at the port of landing! brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carlifle. Cyder for diHilling not chargeable. Diftiller to give notice to officer when he di.

(His cyder. Allowances for exportation of malt, 1 W. & M. On certificate of malt being exported, and fecurity, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding. Malt fteeping for exportation to be kept feparate till meafured. Matters to give notice to officers. See. Penalty on opening the locks, Sec. Matters, on 24 June, 1765, to clear out of their warehoufes all malt within fifteen months. And fo all future matters. Claufes in aft si Annas, Se 6 Geo. 1. 5s perbufhei penalty on all corn fteeping, or fteeped for malt, which fhall be found in the cittern or couch, fo hard and compaft as it could not be unlefs the fame had been forced together to prevent the rifing. tool, penalty on fraudulently conveying from the cif-tera, any fteeping of corn, and mixing the fame with other com charged with the duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the fame away, fo that no gauge of fuch corn can be taken in;thc couch. Penalties how to be recovered. Buyers of cyder or perry for their private ufe, not to be charged. Perfons felling lefs than 20 gallons to be deemed retailers. Claufe of loan at 3I. 10s. per cent. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, Sec. Orders regi-ftcred and paid in courfe. No fee for regiftering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the lame day: nor if fubfequent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders affignable. Commiffioners of the treafury ira-powered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fum, or different (urns, in the principal monies. Bills to bear intereft at 3I. ios. per cent, per ann. Thefe bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to direft the courfe of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cafh in the exchequer, and to be ifluable thereout in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer, fntereft to continue till payment.

Intereft to ceafe whilft the bills are m the hands of receivers, See. Bills paid to receivers. See. to be figned and dated. Intereft to be allowed to the faid days. The bills may bere-ifTued both for principal and intereft. Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up by indorfements, or defaced, to be exchanged.

Bills not exceeding 5000I. each, to be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, felony. How the monies a rifing by this aft fhall be applied.

Treafury on 10 Sept. 1766, to take an account of all monies raifed and dif-charged. Unfatisfecd monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the

M 3	fink-

^	Digitized by Google

166

Anno quinto Geqrgii III. c. 3.	[1765.

finking fund. Coramiflioners to appoint perfons to pay off principal Turns* which (hall from time to time be in courfe of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to the paymafters. Bills to be regifter-ed in courfe. When intereft to ceafe. Paymafters liable to the con-troul of the treafury. Treafury to fettle falaries of clerks, &c. and to Contract with perfons to circulate bills, Sec. Contractors not difabled from being members of parliament: may lower or raife the intereft with con-Tent of treafury. Contractors how to be paid. No fee to be taken. No intereft for lefs than one penny. Charges to be paid out of the finking fund: to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Claufe of relief for bills loft or deftroyed- Bills difebarged to be cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated Ho difeharge national debts incurred before 15 Dec. 1716. Deficiency of malt tax, 3 Geo. 3. how to be fupplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the fupplies granted for the year 1765.

CAP. III.

An aft for extending the time granted by an aft pajfed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majejty, for allowing his Majefiy9 s fubjefts to import their goods and effefts> being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace% upon payment of the fame duties as they would have been liable to if the fame places had remained in bis Majefiy9 s pojfefiion.

Preamble XAJ HE RE AS by an aft of parliament pajfed in the third year reciting a& * v of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An a6t for 3 Opo. 3, raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one tnoufand feven hundred and fixty three$ and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for allowing his Majefty’s fubjedts to import their goods and effedts, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the fame duties as they would have been liable to if fuch places had remained in his Majefty’s pofleftion ; reciting, That, by the definitive treaty of peace between his Majefiy and the crowns of France and Spain, ratified the tenth day of March, one thoufana feven hundred and fixty three, the ifiands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Defirade, Martinico, and Goree, are ceded to France, and all that his Majefiy had conquered in the ifiand of Cuba is ceded to Spain ; and the term of eighteen monthsy to be Computed from the day of the ratification of the find treaty, is thereby allovnd to Britifh fubjefts to tranfport their ejfcfts from thofe ifiands; .and aljo recitingy That the produce of thofe places, imported into this kingdom after the rtfiitution thereof to Prance and Spain, would be fubjeft to higher duties than they were liable to during the time they remained in his Majefiy Tpofjeffion; and that to the end his Majejlfs fubjefts, having ejfcfts in the places before-mentioned, might ' have all due encouragement and opportunity to bring the fame from thence, it is enaftedy That it fhould and might be lawful for any of his Majejlfs fubjefts to import into this kingdomy at any time before the firjfi day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty foury and no longer, in Britifh Jhips navigated according to law, di-feftly from the places before-mentioned, any goods or ejfcfts being the

growth

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4.	j6f

growth or produce thereof refpeftively, upon payment of fuch and the like cujloms and duties onlyy as would be due and payable for the fame if fuch places had remained and were in the pojfejjion of his Majejly; any law, cufeomy or ufagey to the contrary notwithfeanding: and whereas many of his Majejlfs Jubje£lsy under fanftim of the [aid atty Jent out Jhips for the purpofe of importing their goods and effects from the faid places into this kingdom \ which Jhips, from various circum-Jlances, could not arrive in any of the ports of Great Britain before the faid firjl day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ftxty foury the time limited by the faid afl: and whereas feveral of the faid jhips arrived in Great Britain fence the faid firjl day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty foury ana *he goods and iffefts therein importedy are now detainedy being fubjeci to further cujloms and duties than they would have been fuljeft to if the faid Jhips had arrived before the faid firjl day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and feveral other of the faid Jhips are not yet arrived: in order therefore that his Majefty’s faid fubje&s may have relief, agreeable to the good intentions of the faid aft, may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tuai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament	A	„

affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid ^^mported goods and effe&s, fo imported as aforefaid fince the faid firft day fince 1 Nor. of Novembery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, (hall 1764, are to be fubjedt to fuch and the like cuftoms and duties only, as they P.ay fuch du-would have been fubjedt and liable to if they had been imported into this kingdom any time before the faid firft day of November,	ija,

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and it (hall and may ble to, if im-be lawful for any of his Majefty’s fubje&s fo import into this ported before kingdom, at anytime before the firft day of Mayy one thoufand and fuch as*1 feven hundred and fixty five, and no longer, in Britijh (hips ^ duly navigated according to law, diredHy from the places before-imported, in mentioned, any goods or cffe&s being the growth or producemanner, thereof refpedhvely, upon payment of fuch and the like cu-beforeiMay ftoms and duties only, as would be due and payable for the fame I765,are to be if the fame places had remained and were in the pofleflion of admited to bis Majefty; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not- bke payment withstanding.	alfo>

CAP. IV.

yin	afl to indemnify fuch per fans as have omitted to qualify

tbemfelves for offices and employments-, and to indemnify jujlices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to	or	deliver	in

their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for tbofe purpofes.

Preamble, reciting the feveral qualifying aft* of i Geo. i. 13 Car. 2, 25 Car. 2, 30 Car. 2, 18 Geo. 2, and 2 Geo. 3. Further time to 28 Nov. 1765, allowed to perfons who have omitted to qualify thfmfclycs, as the

M 4	faid

Digitized by ooQle

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5.	[1765^

laid lawselireft. Perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time appointed, recapatitated and indemnified. Offices, &c. already a-voided by judgement of a court, and filled up, confirmed. None indem* uified where final judgement bath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. V.

An	08for granting an aid to bis Majefiy by a land tax to be

raifed in Great Britain,/or	fervice of the year one thou-

fand feven hundred and ftxty five.

**037,854.1. 19 e. and xid. to be raifed in Great Britain. 1,989,9001.18s. and *d. to be railed in England, in one year, from tc March, 176c. Per* tonal eftates (except defperate debts,' flock on land, houfhold goods, and loans to his Majefty) to pay 4 s. in the pound. 'Employments of profit (except military officers of tne army or navy) to pay 4 s. per pound. Pennons and annuities out of the exchequer, dec. to pay, Sec. lands, tenements, mines, See. to be charged with equality and indifference. Sec. Lands, Sec, fiibjeft to rent-charges, annuities, Sec. Commiffioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this aft in execution. Commiffioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1765, as by the aft 4 W. Se M.‘ and may fubdivide themfelves. Sec. A lift of the commiffioners to aft in each divifion, to be given to the receiver-general. Commiffioners to fummon fit perfons to he afTefTors, who are to appear before them in 8 days $ and then to give them a charge. Perfons abfenting, or refufing to ferve, forfeit, not exceeding 5 1. nor lefs than 40 3. Affeflbrs to be two at leaft, and fufficient inhabitants. AfTefTments to be brought in at a day and place prefixt. The full fum charged to be affeffed. A certificate of the afleffinent to be brought in, with the collectors names. AfTefTors, Scc, neglefting their duty, to be fined not above 401. Afleflors to deliver one Copy of the affeffments to the commiffioners. Duplicates thereof to be figned. Scc. and one delivered to the collectors, &c. with warrant for collecting. Commiffioners required to give collectors notice at what time gnd place the appeal of any perfon who fhall think himfelf aggrieved, by being over-rated, may be beard and determined. A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the afTefTors and collectors, to the receiver-general 5 and one to the remembrancer’s office, by 8 Auguft 1765, or so days after (all appeals firft determined.) Remembrancer to give receipts gratis, on penalty of 101. The rates to be levied on the parties, or premises, and to be paijl to the receivers-general. Sec. The money collected to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies 5 and they to give commiffioners notice. Collectors not obliged to travel above io miles. Removal or death of receiver-general to be notify’d to the commiffioners. 497,475 k 4 s. and 8 d. 1 q. for the firff quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 24 June, 1765. The fecond payment by 29 Sept. 1765. The third payment by 25 Dec. 1765. The laft payment by 2< March, 1766. Receiver-genera] withm a month after receiving the full fum charged, to give the commiffioners a receipt 1 which fhall be a full difeharge fot* payment. Receivers-general within 20 days to pay the monies into the exchequer. Receiver-general allowed 2 d. in the pound. Collectors to have 3d. in the pound. Commiffioners clerks to nave three halfpence in the pound. Collectors rtiay levy by diftrefs in cafe of refufal of payment. Diftrefs to he kept four days at the owner’seharge; then appraifed and fold, and overplus returned, Sec. Commiffioners to determine differences about diftrefs. For want of diftrefs, offender may be committed, (except a peer or peerefs of Great Britain) tenants to pay the tax, and deduCt fo much out of the rents. Tenants difeharged for what they fo pay. Commiffioners to fettle differences between landlord and tenant. Commiffioners to caufe all deficiencies to be re-afftfled, and made good. Affeffor refufing to ferve, to forfeit, not exceeding 401. Fine not to be difeharged but oy commiffioners who impofed it | and levied by diflxef? or imprifonment, and paid into the exchequer, and inr ferted in £he duplicates. Condors detaining the money, to be in\prifonr

Digitized by L^ooQle

I %

1765;]	Anno quinto GeorGH III. c. 5.

ed, their eftates feized and fold, See. Commiflioners to examine whether the Turns afiefied be duly collected, See. Jn cale of controverfies in aiTeiT-ing commiflioners, the commiflioners concerned to withdraw. In default to be fined* not above so1. No privileged place or per Ton exempt from this tax. Fee-farm rents, Sec. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates. Colleges, Sec. in the uni verities, &c. not chargeable: nor the houfes or lands which before the 15th of March, 1693, did belong to Chrift's bofpi-jtal, Sec. Nor corporation of clergymens Tons, Bromley college, or any other hofpitals. No tenants of hofpitals, Sec. to claim any exemption. Such tenants not difeharged, who by leafes are obliged to pay taxes. Com-miffioners to determine bow far lands. Sec. belonging to hofpitals, Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged. AU hofpitals, lands, Sec. afTefTed by 4 W. Se M. liable to this aid, and no other. Receivers of fee-farm rents, Scc. to allow 4 s. per pound to the parties, without fee* on penalty of 10 1. Auditors, Sec. fetting tenants injufitr for what ought to be allowed, or refuting allowance, to forfeit 1001. Such fee-farm rents only to have an allowance of 4 s. per pound, as are anfwerabie to the crown, or were purchafed according to 11 Se 23 Car. 2. The owners to allow the fame to the party paying* Litis of penfions, See to be deliver* ed gratis to the afieflors. Taxes on penfions. Sec. not paid, to be ftopt in the exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money ftopt. Per* Tons to be taxed in'the parifh where they dwell. No provifo to leflen the full fum by this aft to be levied. Contrafts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. All places to pay where ufually aflefT-ed. Weft Barnfieki to be afiefied in the lathe of Skray, Com* Kent. North-more, Com' Oxon. in Bampton. Charlbury, Sec. in Chadlington. Leeds* Com* Ebor. in Sky rack. Omberfley, Com* Worcefter, in Ofwaldfiow hundred. Aldemafton* in Ofwaldfiow hundred. Paritii of Yardley, in Halffhire hundred. Foreft of Chute, where the firft 4 s. aid was afiefied. Upton, in Perihore hundred. Calder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds. Inhabitants of apartments, See. in Somerfet Houfe, to be afiefied in the fame proportion with thofe in Lancafter liberty. General ifltie. Treble cofts. Where lands, Sec. are unoccupied, ana no ditirefs found, Collectors may diftrain at any time after. Wood may be cut down, and fold for ditirefs.. (Timber .trees excepted) Tithes, tolls, Sec, not paid within 6 days after demand. Scc. may be feized and fold. Receiver-general returning perfons, who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieved, and to his Maietiy double the fum fo returned. Commiflioners to aiTefs the afleflors. None compelled to be afifetibrs out of the limits of the city, Sec. Aflefiments on foreign mini-tiers houfes to be paid by the landlords. In places extra parochial com-mifiioners to nominate afieflors and collectors. Sec. No commifiioner. Sec• liable to any other penalties than fuch as are infiifted by this aft. Cora-miflioners not to act without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. 1. Sec. Aft ing before oaths taken, forfeit too 1. Officers to pay where employed, Sec. Officers in Chancery to be aflefled in the rolls liberty. Annuities where rated. Penfions, wnere payable. Perfonal eftates, where perfons reft-dent. Sec. Perfons not houfhotders, where refident. Abfent perfons to be rated where they we*e laft refident. Goods, Sec. to be afiefied where they (hall be. Perfons doubly rated, difeharged on certificate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey, or GuenBey. Perfons avoiding the tax charged treble. Houfholders to give an account of their lodgers, op forfeiture of 51. Shares in the New River, Sec. to pay 4 s. per pound. Snares in the Fire Offices, and in the Lights, and the King's Printing Houfe to pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, poti office. See. to be paid by the governors. Governors, Sec. of the river-waters, and water works, retiring to pay, the colleftors impowered to levy the fum by difbefs and fale. Papilla 18 years of age not taking the oaths iW.fcM. to pay double : unlefs taken wkhin to days after tne coramif-fion~rs firft meeting, Perfons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double. Commiflioners to fummon fufpefted perfons. Scc. Quakers to fubferibe the declaration 1 W. Se M- Commiflioners to double aflefs Pa-pifts* pherc afieflors omit. Tenants discharged from double rates. King's

/

Digitized by LjOOQle

176

Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 5 .	[1765.

Bench, Marthalfea prifon, Sec. to be aflefled in Saint George's parifli, Sec. Officers of the Marflialfea court refufing to pay, See. Cofleftors by warrant from commiffioners may diftrain. If no goods (Efficient, officer to be imprifoned. Fleet prifon to 'be aflefled in St. Bride's. Officers at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth, to be aflefled within the town of Plymouth, See* Hofpital at Eaft Stonehoufe to be aflefled al(o within the town of Plymouth, Sec. sol. to be paid out of the fum aflefled on the faid officers, in aid of the afleflment on Eaft Stonehoufe. Water-works in Southwark to be aflefled in Surrey. Water-works in Weftminfter to be aflefled there. Offices, lec. in Whitehall and St. James's, to be there aflefled. Col lector* of the water-works in Colcbefter chargeable. Collectors for the waterworks in New Windfor, chargeable. Patent officers to bifhopricks to paw where aflefled in 1693. Commiffioners appointed to aft, without fubdivia-ing the pariih of St. Andrew Holborn, in Middlefex. The parifli of St. George Hanover Square to be charged with a diftinft quota from the parifli of St. Martin in the fields. Debates arifing concerning the joint quota $ the commiffioners who are inhabitants of either parifli to withdraw, or to be fined a fum not exceeding so 1. The pariflies of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the afleflment 4 W. Sc M. Lands not worth so s. per annum, not chargeable. Colleftors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. Receiver-general mifapplying the monies to forfeit 5001. Commiffioners of the treafury. See. not to divert the payments into the exchequer. No Noli profequi, &c. in any fuit againft this aft. Commiffioners to abate where lands are overcharged, ana to reaflefs, Sec. or raife it on perfons undercharged. Receiver-general anfwerable for deputies. Sub-collector not to travel above ten miles, Sec. Receivers not nominating deputies, See. to forfeit 1001. Commiffioners for the county at large may aft for any city, Sec. Mayors, bailiffs, Sec. to aft as commiffioners fpecially appointed. Members of parliament to be taxed at their manfion-houfes. Firft meeting for the weft riding of York at Pontefraft $ north riding at Tbirflc 5 eaft riding at Beverley. No commiffioner capable to aft in any county at large, unlefs rated at 1001. per ann. (Merioneth, Cardigan, Scc. excepted.) Commiffioners for Anglefea, Sec. to aft, if taxed at 601. per ann. Commiffioners may aft for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court. Sec. At-tornies. Sec. not to be commiffioners, without poflefling tool, per ann. No commiffioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le Grand, to aft, unlefs. rated at sol. per ann. of his own eftate, Sec. No commiffioner of the city. Sec. of Weftminfter to aft, unlefs rated at 101. per ann. of bis own eftate. Perfons difabled, prefuming to aft, to forfeit 501. Collectors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. Her Majefty the Queen not chargeable; nor her royal highnefs the princefs dowager of Wales ; nor his royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland, nor the princefs Amelia. Superannuated fea-officers not to pay, Sec. nor poor knights of Windfor. Refidentiaries in what cafes not chargeable. Nor tool, per ann. to the poor clergy of the ifle of Man. Nor pages of honour. Re-ceivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commiffioners for Lincoln to aft in Lincoln Clofe, And for the county, in St. Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a regifter, &c. Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment liable to diftrefs. Receiver-general to give a lift of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refufal, to forfeit any fum not exceeding sol. Collectors may keep fo much money as any s commiffioners judge reafonable. No receiver to return an I/tfuper upon any county, Sec. after 3 years, for monies* in arrear 5 but the fame to be a debt on him and his fecurities. Sheriff, on writs of Diflrmgas9 to return iflues after the rate of 51. per cent, of the Aim fet infuper; and procefs to ifliie thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrewfbury chargjeable. Who (hall have the benefit only of o-yerplus fums uncharged. Claufe for the eafe of proteftants, to whom lands, &c. have come, which have been doubly taxed.* Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a fingle afleflment $ Commiflion-ers, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the fame to the barons of the Exchequer, before 19 Sept. 1765; who are tQ difeharge the pverplus before the l^ft day of Nov. 1765. Certificates of

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1765-]	Anno	quinto	Georgii III. c. 6.

the fums difcharged to be produced to the commiflioners at their next meeting. Commiflioners may fummon colledors, who have converted land tax monies to their own ufe, or their heirs, &c. and on examination may iflue their warrants for paying fuch monies to his Majefty’s ufe. The payments made according to the commUIioners warrants, Sec. (hall be discharges to the colledors, or their heirs, &c. Collectors not paying, may be imprifoned, and their eftates feized and fold. Arrears of former land taxes to be levied by the prefent commiflioners. No receiver-general, or his agents, may lue the county for a robbery, unlefs the perfons parrying the money be 3 in company. Tolls or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former aCt. Commiflioners may, before 29Sept. 1765, fummon afleflbrs, who have not charged their eftates flnee 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award fatisfaCtion, to be levied and paid to the collectors. Commiflioners, See. to diftinguifh and fet down the grofs fums aflefled for double taxes, to be tranfinitted in the exchequer. Afleflments on the town of Cambridge to be raifed on manors, See. and on fifhings, Sec. on the river Cam. On whom, and when, yearly afleflments on fairs, Sec. to be collected. Diftrefs on default of payment, bow to be levied. Tenants of booths. Sec. to pay the rates, and deduCt them out of their rents, Sec. 47*9541. is. ad. to be raifed in Scotland, by an 8 months cefs of 5*994!. 5s. id. 3q. per menfem; to be rated as the tax roll now is or (hall be fettled by themfelves. The firlt two months cefs to be paid by 14 June, 1765. Second 29 Sept. 1765. Third 15. Dec. 1765. Fourth 35 March, 1766. Commiflioners for putting this aCt in execution in Scotland. And execution to be done as by the faid ads. Firlt meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1765. All daufes in former ads relating to the bringing in the cefs, &c. to he in full force. No perfons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3. years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from 11 Nov. 1764, to 11 Nov. 1765. 47,9541. is. sd. to be raifed free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No perfon to be a commiflioner of the land tax in Scotland, who is not enfeoft of tool. Scots per ann. real rent, in the county where he ads. Exception. Commiflioners in Scotland to take the oaths, and fubfcribe the aflurance. Provoft, &c. of any royal borough may ad as a commiflioner. Claufe of loan at 3I. 10s. percent. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, Sec. Orders to be regiftered and paid in courfe. No Fee for regiftering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference where tallies are dated or brought the fame day: nor if fubiequent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders aflignable. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear intereft at 31. 10 s. per cent, per ann. Thefe bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to direct the courfe of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, See. The bills to be placed as calh in the exchequer, Clauie? in the malt tax ad relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arifing by this ad (haU be applied. Treafury on 29 Sept. 1766, to take an account of all monies raifed and difcharged. Unlatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the linking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Deficiency of the land tax, 3 Geo. 3. how to be fupplied.

CAP. VI.

An aB	for the regulation of bis Majefly's marine forces

while on Jkore.

VX/FJ ER E A S it may bt necefla for the fafety of this VV dm, and the defence of the	of	the	crown	ofQxvtX.

Britain, that a body of marine forces Jbould be employed in his fifty's fleet and naval fervid, under the direflion of the lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admira.

i

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii III. t. 6.	[i765;

of Grqat Britain; and whereas the Jaid marine forces may frequently be quartered on Jbore, where they will not be fubjeft to the laws relating to the government of his Majejlfs forces by Jea; yet neverthelefs, it being requiftte for the retaining of fuch forces in their duty, that an exalt difctpline be obferved, and that marines who jball mutiny, or fir up /edition, or Jball defert his Majefly's fervice, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punijbment than the law will allow \ be it ena&ed, bV.

After a 5 March 1765, daring the continuance of this aft, every marine officer and private man on (hore, who ffiall mutiny or defert, &c. or lift in tny other regiment, See. or (hall be found (leeping on, or (hall defert, hit

S>ft, or hold illegal correfpondence with the enemies of his Maiefty, or all (trike, or difobey his luperior officer; (hall fuflfer death, or men pa-niffiment as a court martial (nail inflift. The lord high admiral, or com-miffioners for executing that office, may grant a commiffion to hold general courts-martial, See. Courts-martialmay inflift corporal puniffiment for immoralities. See. Lords, See. of the admiralty impowered to make articles for puniffiment of mutiny and defertion, Sec. and to conftitute courts-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes ex-preffed to be fo puniffiable by this aft. General court-martial not to con-flit of lefs than 13 $ and tlje prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain. May adminifter an oath to witnelks. Officers to be (worn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be fwom. The oath. In fentences of death, nine officers to concur, Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the fentence and proceedings of the court martial. Original proceedings. Sec. of courts-martial, to be tranfmitted to the fecretary of the admiralty, &c.

* None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence. Sentence not to be revifed more than once. Deferters beyond (ea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft not to exempt any on (hore from ordinary procefs. Perfons acouitted by the civil inagiftrate, may only be caffiiered by a court martial. Perfons accufed of capital crimes, See. to be delivered over to the civil magiftrate,&c. Fictitious names allowed by his Majefty's order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be couftrued a falfe mutter. Paymatter to pay the full pay of fuch men to the receiver. Conftables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houfes. Sec. But in no diftfllers houfes, or (hopkeepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this aft, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furniffied at the rates herein fet for their provifions. What inn holders may allow men quartered on them, inftead or meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters* Conftables to billet the fame accordingly. No paymatter. Sec. to make de-duftions ont of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fuofiftence money in their bands. Rates of fob** fittence to be paid to innkeepers, Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of fubfiftence-money, and paying quarters, paymatter to fatisfy them out of the company's nexjt pay, and officer to be cafhiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Sec. Paymatter to pay the fum certified for. Officers, See. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direft. Juftices to order conftables tp provide carriages for the marine forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty on conftables.

Scc. negleft. Treafurers of the county to repay the conftable's extraordinary charges. The money for thofe purpofes how to be raifed. No waggon, See. to carry above ao hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives. Sec. not to be quartered without ponfent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines (Jeftroying the game.

Cop-

Digitized by

*73

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii IH, c. 7.

Conftables may apprehend deferters, and carry them before a jufttce. Ju-dices to commit them, and tranfmit an account to the fecretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the ftibfiftence of deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on peribns concealing deferters, or buy* ing their arms, clothes, &c. This aft to extend to deferters, See. in Ireland. Continuance of this alt. Offences againft former alts may be enquired of and puniOied as under this alt, provided no perfon be liable to be tried for offences committed 3 years before ifTuing their warrant for trial i except in cafes of defertion only. No volunteer liable to procefs, unlefs for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of sol. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs 5 otherwife prifoner to be dif-ebarged, with colts. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on conftables.

See. neglecting to quarter tnarines. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering, and on viltuallers refufing to receive marines.

To prevent abufes in quartering, juftices may order conftables to give an ^account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered.

Claufe for relief of peribns haltily lifting them (elves. As often as it fhall be necefTary, officers of the marine and land forces may lit in conjunction upon courts-martial s taking rank according thefeniority of their *com-vnilfions. Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any fliips of war, are liable to be governed by the rules eftablilhed by alt si Geo. s.

CAP. VII.

An ad for ptmijhing mutiny and defertion-, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS the raifing or keeping a Jlandmg army within

this kingdom, in time of peace, unlefs it be with con- Freamb^* fent of parliament, is againjl law: and whereas it is judged necef-fary by his Majefty, and this prefent parliament, that a body of forces Jbould be continued for the Safety of this kingdom, the defence of the pojfejftons of the crown of Great Britain, and the prefervation of the balance of power in Europe, and that the whole number of fuch forces Nurabcr of Jbould confifl of feventeen tboufand four hundred and twenty one ejfec- forces 17,4.11 ttve men, including two thoufand fix hundred and twenty eighty in- including valids: and whereas, during the late juft and necejfary war in which ***** invalids his Majefiy has been engaged againjl France and Spain, fome part of his Majefty's forces, exceeding the number afore]aid, has been em* ployed in difiant parts beyond the feas, which mufi render the time when fuch forces may return home uncertain \ fome of which are in-tended to be broke, and others reduced, as foon after fuch arrival as conveniently may be: and whereas no man can be fore-judged of life or limb, or fiubjefted in time of peace to any kind of punijhment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and eftablijhed laws of this realm; yet neverthelefi, it being requifete for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafi difei-pline be obferved, and that foldiers who Jhall mutiny, or fiir up fe-dition, or Jhall iefert his Majefty s ftrvice within this realm, or the kingdom of Ireland, Jerfey, Gucrnfey, Alderney, and Sark, or the iflanas thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and jpeedy punijhment than the ttfual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enaltcd, &c.

Z	After

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 7.	[ 1765.

After *4 March 1765, during; the continuance of this aCt, every officer and private man, who lhall mutiny or defert, Sec. or lift in any other regiment,'&c. or (hall be found lleeping on, or (hall defert, his poft9 or hold illegal correfpondence with the enemies of his Majefty, or (hall ftrike, or dilobey his iupcrior officer) (hall fuffer death, or fuch punilhment as 2 court-martial (hall infliCt. The King may grant a com million to hold 2 court-martial, &c. Courts-martial mav inni& corporal punilhment for immoralities, Sec. General courts-martial not to confift of lefs than 1 j j and the prefident to be field a officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain. May adminifter an oath to witnefles. Officers to be fworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be fworn. The oath. In fentences of death, nine officers to concur, Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the (entence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, &c. of courts-martial to be tranfmitted to the judge advocate general in London, Sec. None to be tried afecond time for the fame offence, except in cafe of appeal. This aCt not to exempt (oldiers from ordinary procefs. Penalty on falfe certificates to excule lol-diers from mufters. Penalty on officers making falfe mufters, Sec. Fictitious names allowed by his Majefty's order upon the mufter rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be conftrued a falfe mufter. Mu. fter-mafter to give notice of mufter to mayor, &c. Penalty on mufter-ma-fter neglecting fo to do.- Mufter-rolls to be figned by the mayor, Sec. Penalty on prrlons offering thcmfelves to be falfly muttered. Horles falfly muftered, to be forfeited. Sec. Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer cm-* bezilling, Sec. military (tores, to be cafhiered and forfeit tool, and the damage to be made good by fale of his goods and chattels; for want of diftreis, the perlon to be committed. Application pf the forfeiture. Mufter mafter, Sec. taking a mufter to make oath. The oath. Mufter-rolls, though tranlmitted without the oath indorfed to the paymalters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, Sec. detaining officer’s or foldiers pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents difobeying of orders. Surgeon, Sec. within ten miles of London, See. to certify who are tick i and commanding officer, who are employed in railing recruits. Penalty on officer muttering perfons by wrong names. Conitables, Sec. to ’ quarter officers and men in inns, ale houles, Sec. But in no diftillers houies, or (hopkeepers, or in any private houles. Penalty on conitables. Sec. quartering folders in private houfes, Sec.	Penalty on officers quar-

tering foldiers contrary to this aCt, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftices, and be relieved. No juiiice having any military office, to be concerned in billeting his foldier?* Officers and foldiers to pay rates for their provifions. What inn-holders may allow men quartered on them, inftead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe any peribn from quartering. Dragoons, &c. and their horfes, to be billeted in the fame houle. Manner of changing men and horfes. Claufe relating to a foldier’s fettlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direCt. No pay mafter, &c. to make deductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treafury may iflue out the money due for cloathing, every, two months. Paymalters to dcduCt the off reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers cf fubfiltence-money in their hands. Rates of fubfiltence to be paid to inn-keepeis, &c. for foldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying fubfiltence-money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts. Sec. No mufter in Wettminfter, Sec, but in the prefence of two or more juftices. Conitables, &c. may billet foldiers in Wettmin-(ter, Sec.r Petty conitables, &c. to quarter foldiers in their refpeCtive divi-(ions. Conllaoles, &c. to deliver lilts at quarter feffions, on oath, of inhabitants, and foldiers quartered in their refpeCtive divifions; to be infpeCt-cd without fee. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at id. per (beet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty, on giving defective lifts. How to be levied. This aCt to extend to Jerfey, Sec. Mu-fttr-iolls to be clofed on the day of mufter, and returned to the paymalter of the forces, &c. Penalty. Juftices may order conitables to provide carnages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travet more than 1 day’s journey, Sec. Penalty on conitables, Sec. negleCt. Trea-

furer*

Digitized by LjOoq le

1765*] Annoquinto GeorGii III. c. 8,9,10.	ty§

furcrs of the county to repay the conftable's extraordinary charges. The money for thofe purpofes how to be raifed. No waggon, &c. to carry a-bove 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.

Soldiers wives, See. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or foldiers deftroying the game. How the account of e-▼ery regiment (hall be kept. Penalty on pay mailers, See. Penalty on colonels. Non-commiffion officer emoezelling foldier's pay to be reduced, &c.

Juftices may commit deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes, See, Penalty on officer breaking open houfe witnout warrant. His Majcfty im-powered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but For crimes expreiTed to be fo punifhable by this ad. Deferters beyond iea»

&c. may be tried here or in Ireland. This ad to extend to deferters, Sec. in Ireland, &c. Perfons acquitted by the civil magiftrate, may only be caffiiered by a court-martial. Perfons accufed of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magillrate, See. Paymafters, See. to account with executors. Perfons fued may plead the general iffue. Treble cofts.

All fuits to be brought in fome of tne courts of record at Wcftminfter or Dublin, or the court of feffion in Scotland. Continuance of this ad. Penalties againft the ad v Geo. i. where to be fued for. No volunteer liable to procels, unlefs for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 10I. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs; plaintiff may file a common appearance. Penalty on taking money toexcufeany perfon from quartering; or victuallers refufing to quarter foldiers. Juftices may order conftables to give an account of the number of foldiers quartered, Scc.

How the troops are to pay in paffing over ferries in Scotland. Claufe for relief or perfons haftily lifting themfelves. Perfons refufing the faid relief, to be proceeded againft as if duly lifted. Offences againft former mutiny ads punifhable by this ad. None liable to be tried or punifhed for offences againft former ads, unlefs committed within 3 years; except for defertion. Officers, Sec. of the train of artillery fubjed to this ad. A-merican troops, ading in conjundion with Britifh forces, liable to the fame martial laws. Officers and foldiers of the American troops fent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the Britifh forces, and under the fame regulations and penalties. This ad not to extend to the militia farther than is direded by the militia laws. As often as it (hall be necef-fary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjundion upon courts-martial; taking rank according to thefemorityof their coinraiflions#

CAP. VIII.

An aft for the more	eajy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts

within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and ■ Beckenham, of Rokefly, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lefihefs, in the county of Kent.

CAP. IX.

Jn aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damer-ham North, and the lordjbip or liberty of Corfham, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. X.

An aft to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS*™ oft, paffed in the thirtyfecond year of the reign

of his	late majejiy King George the	, intituled, An,Pre«mb!«.

a£Aa 3Z Geo.

Digitized by <^»ooQ[e

i j6

The free importation of cattle from Ireland allowed for the term of 7 year*}

without payment of duties.

General iflue.

Treble cods.

Preamble, reciting fevcral clauJes in adt 1 a AnnXj

Anno quinto GeorGII III. C. n:	[1765*

adt to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland for a limited time, is near expiring; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the end of this feflion of parliament, the free importation of all forts of cattle into this kingdom from Ireland (hall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and authorised, for and during the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament\ and that all perfons (hall be, and are hereby, exempted, freed, and difeharg-ed, from the payment of all fubfidies, cuftoms, rates, duties, or other impofitions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punilhments, for or on account of importing or bringing cattle into this kingdom from Ireland; any adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defendants, in fuch adtion or fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcon-tinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againfl the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts; and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XI.

An ail for rendering more ejfeilual an ail made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, inti-tuledy An adt for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall difeover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofols made for difeovering the longitude.

WHEREAS by an ail of-parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled,, Ah adt for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as lhall difeover the longitude at fea, the commifftoners therein named or any five or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any propofol or propofals that jhall be made to them for difeovering the faid longitude: and in cafe the faid commifftoners, or any five or more of them, Jhall be fo far falisfied of the probability of any fuch difcovery, as to think tt proper to make experiments thereof they /hall certify the fame, under their hands and fealsy to the com-miffmen of the navy for the time being% together with (be perfons

nines

Digitized by Google

177

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 11.

names who are authors of fuch propofals; and, upon producing fuch certificate, the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for any fuch fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds, as the faid commijjioners for the dif-covery of the faid longitude, or any five or more of them, Jkall think necejjary for making the experiments, payable by the treafurer of the navy; which fum or fums the tredfurer of the navy is by the faid aft required to pay immediately, to Juch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by the faid commiffioners to make thofe experiments, out of any money that Jhall be in his hands unapplied for the Ufe of the navy: and whereas for a due and fufficient encouragement to any fuch perfon or perfons as fhall difeover a proper method for finding the faid longitude, it is likewife enabled by the faid aft, that the firfl author or authors, difeoverer or difeoverers, of any fuch method, his or their executors, adminifirators, or affigns, fhall be intitled to, and have fuch reward, as in the faid aft is particularly mentioned: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Second, intituled,

An aft for furveying the chief ports and head lands on the coafts Aft if Geo. 1* of Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto belonging, hi order to the more exaft determination of the Jongitudfe and latitude thereof, it was enafted, that the faid commiffioners for difeovering the faid longitude, or any five or more of them, Jhould have full power to apply fuch part of the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, mentioned in the Jaid firfl recited aft, as had" not then been laid out in experiments, as they Jhould think neceffary for the making fuch furvey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto belonging, and that -fuchfum or fums, part of the faid two thoufand pounds, which the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, Jhould think neceff'a-ry, Jhould be paid immediately, by the treafurer of the navys tofuch per~' fon or perfons as Jhould be appointed by the faid commiffioners to make fuch furvey and determine fuch longitude and latitude, out of the mo^ ney that fbould be in the hands of fuch treafurer unapplied for the ufe of the navy: and whereas by an aft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled, An _ aft to render more effeftual an aft made in the twelfth year of A 1	co*,#

the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall difeover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difeovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of commiffioners for putting in execution the faid aft, the further fum of two thoufand pounds was direfted to be applied, in fuch manner as the commiffioners for the difeovery of the longitude Jhould think neceffary, for making further experiments: and whereas by an aft in thefecondyear of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft for rendering more effeftual an aft made in the and'aftaGeo.j; twelfth yearofthe reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled.

An aft for providing a publick reward for fuel) perfon or perfons as Jhall difeover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making ex-Vot, XXVI.	N	perimenu

Digitized by (^.ooQle

*78	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c.ti; [1765^

periments of propofals made for difeovering the longitude, tbt

further fum of two thoufand pounds was directed to be applied, in fucb manner as the eommijjioners for the difeovery of the longitude Jbould think necejfary, for making further experiments: and whereas the faid eommijjioners have, by virtue of the powers vefted in them by the faid feveral ads before-mentioned, heard and received feveral propofals made to them at different times for difeovering the faid Ion-gitudey and have accordingly certified the famey from time to time* to the commiffioners of the navy for the time beings whereupon bids have been made out for feveral fums of moneys amounting in the whole to fix thoufand pounds; all which refpedive fums have been paid to feveral perfons by the treafurer of the navy, purfuant to the directions of the faid ads of parliament, which the Jaid commiffion-ers for dtfcovenng the longitude thought necejfary for making the faid experiments: and whereas, by reafon of the feveral payments made by the treafurer of the navy to the feveral perfons as aforefaidy the faid commijfmers have, by virtue of the faid ads of parliament, expended the whole of the films thereby grantedfor the purpofes afore-faid: and whereas from the experiments winch have already been madly in pur fiance of the powers vefied in the faid eommijjioners as aforefaidy there is great reafon to expedy thaty by continuing to encourage ingenious perfons to invent and make further improvements and experiments in order to difeover the faid longitudiy fucb difeoveries may at length be produced as will effedually anfwer that endy and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of The coramif- kingdom; therefore, for enabling the laid commiffioners to fioner* confti- caufe fuch further experiments to be made as they lhall think tuted by the proper for the purpofes aforefaid, be it enacted by the King’s recited aft* moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of areimpowered fords fpiptual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent pofal^for cHf-" Parhament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That covering the the faid commiffioners, constituted by the faid feveral adts of longitude at parliament before mentioned for the difeovery of the longitude *caJ . at fea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all propofals, of the proba *xPer*ments* and improvements, relating to the fame, or any bility oFany hve or more of them, lhall have full power to hear and receive luch propofol, any propofal or propofals that have been, or lhall hereafter be they are to made to them, for difeovering the faid longitude at fea; and in

'feroc^wiUi Ca^e tbc ^ comm*®oners* orany	or more them, lhall

the author’s	^ar fatisfied of the probability of any fuch propofal ordif-

name, to the covery, as to think it proper to make experiment thereof, they commiflioners (hall certify the fame, under their hands and feals, to the com-ot thenavy^ mi(f10riers 0f the navy for the time being, together with the upoinomake Per^ns names who lhall be the authors of fuch propofals; and out a bill for upon producing fuch certificate, the faid commilfioners of the fuch fum, not navy, are hereby authorized and required to make out a bifl or bi,,s for

any fuch fum or fums T>f money, not exceeding fwo bc°tbought * 1 thoufand pounds, as the faid commiffioners for the difeovery of ntceffary for the faid longitude, or any five or more of them, lhall think neccf-making the fary for making any experiments in purfuance of this adt, or any experiment 5 0f tjie fofo former adts above mentioned, payable by the treafurer

Digitized by

Google

i7<>5-i Annoijuinto Georgii III. c.ia.	179

bf the navy; which fum or fums the treafurer of the navy, for to be paid by the time bping, is hereby required to pay immediately to fuch thf treafurer perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by the commiflioners for ot 1 e uavy# the difeovery of the faid longitude, to make thofe experiments.

Out of any money that (hall be in his, the faid treafurer’s hands, unapplied for the ufe of the navy.

CAP. XIL

An aft for granting and applying certain ftamp duties, and other duties, in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, proteftingj and fecuring the fame; and for amending fuch parts of the feveral afts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid colonies and plantations, as dire ft-the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the la ft feffion of parliament, preamye# feveral duties were granted, continued, and appropriated, towards defraying the expences of defending, proteftingj and fecuring, the Britifh coltmiesand plantations in America: and whereas it is juft and neceffary, that provifion be made for raiftng a further revenue within your Majejlys dominions in America, towards defraying the faid expences: we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedb, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have therefore refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feve-. ral rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, arid by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of November, one The foltow-thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, there (hall be raifed, le- J^e^totake vied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc- place from ceflors, throughout the colonies and plantations in America and after which now are, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his 1 Nov-1765* Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or riz on all de-piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written or printed, darations, any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or o- pleas, repli-ther pleading, or any copy thereof, in any court of law within cations, re-the Britijb colonies and plantations in America, a ftamp duty^JJJ^^^ of three pence.	incoumof'

law, 3d. per (beet.

For evtry (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Special bail piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written or printed, and appear, any fpecial bail and appearance upon fuch bail in any fuch court, a ftamp duty of two (hillings.	,per (beet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or petitions, piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- bills, anfwers,

N 1	ed,	claims, pleas.

Digitized by

Google

Copies of petitions, bills. Sec. in the faid courts, 3d. per (beet.

renunciations, See. in courts ex-ercifing ecclefiaftical

180	Annoquinto	GeorGH	III. C. 12.	[1765

ed, any petition, bill, anfwer, claim, plea, replication, rereplications, joinder, demurrer, or other pleading in any court of chancery rejoinders,de- or eqU*,ty within the faid colonies and plantations, a damn duty in courts	of one (hilling and fix pence,

of chancery or equity, is. 6d. per fheet.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any copy of any petition, bill, anfwer, claim, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleading in any fuch court, a (lamp duty of three pence.

....	..	For	every	(kin	or	piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or

Monitions, ll- . r J	.	1 • I n	rr	J •	’	.	.

bels anfwers P,ece °f paper, on which mall be ingroned, written, or print-allegations, * ed, any monition, libel, anfwer, allegation, inventory, or rein vfntories, or nunciation in ecclefiaftical matters in any court of probate, court of the ordinary, or other court exercifing ecclefiaftical jurifdic-tion within the faid colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of one (hilling.

.juri (diction, ; s. per fheet.

Copies of For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or wills, moni- piece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or print-*-tions, &c. in ed, any copy pf any will (other than the probate thereof) mo-thefaid nition,-libel, anfwer, allegation, inventory, or renunciation in per fect. ecclefiaftical matters in any fuch court, a (lamp duty of fix pence.

Donations, f0r every fkjn or piece Qf vellum or parchment, or (heet or conations^n-* piece PaPer> on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, ftitutions’re- any donation, prefentation, collation, or inftitution of or to gitters, en- any benefice, or any writ or inftrument for the like purpofe, or tries, teftimo- any regifter? entry, teftimonial, or certificate of any degree cares’ of de-" taken in any univerfity, academy, college, or feminary of learn-grees, il. per ing, within the faid colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of fheet. _	two pounds.

Monitions, li- jror every f]cin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or anfoe^aUe- Piece paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, gations,Yntor- any monition, libel, claim, anfwer, allegation, information, motions, let- letter of requeft, execution, renunciation, inventory, or other pleading, in any admiralty court within the faid colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of one (hilling, inventories, See. in courts of admiralty, 1 s. per fheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of any fuch monition, libel, claim, anfwer, allegation, information, letter of requeft, execution, renunciation, inventory, or other pleading (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, a (lamp duty of fix pence.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any appeal, writ of error, writ of dower. Ad quod damnum, certiorari, ftatute merchant, liatute ftaple, atteftation, or certificate, by any officer, or exemplification of any record or proceeding in any court whatfoever within the faid colonies and plantations (except appeals, writs of error, certiorari, atteila-

tions.

ters of re quell, executions, renunciations,

Copied of any fuch monitions, libels, See. 6 d. per fheet.

Appeals, writs, ot error and of dower. Ad qu}d damnum, certiorari, ftatute mer-

Digitized by t^ooQie

1765.]	Anno quinto Gf.orgii III. c. 12.	181

tions, certificates, and exemplifications, for or relating to the hant, ftatute

removal of any proceedings from before a (ingle iuftice of the ft.aPle> attdta-\ a	r*	°	J	tions, certifi-

peace) a ftamp duty of ten (hillings.	cates| cxem_

plifications of records or proceedings in any of the courts (except appeals, Scc. from proceedings before a fingle juftice) 10 s. per (beet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Writs of copiece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or print-ed, any writ of covenant for levying of fines, writ of entry for mems\a&c.Cin fuffering a common recovery, or attachment iffuing out of, or any of the returnable into, any court within the faid colonies and planta- faid courts, tions, a (lamp duty of five (hillings.	S *• per (heet.

“For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Judgements, piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- decrees, fen-ed, any judgement decree, fentence, .or difmiffion, or any re-cord of Nifi Prius or Pojtea, in any court,within the faid colo- cf MJi prim or nies and plantations, a (lamp duty of four (hillings.	Poflea, in any

of the courts, 4 s. per (heet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Affidavits, piece of (taper, on which (hall ingrofled, written, or printed, ^r^ear-any affidavit, common bail or appearance, interrogatory depo- ance^ mterTO-fition, rule, order, or warrant of any court, or any Dedimus $atory depo-Poteftatem, Capias, Subpoena* fummons, compulfory citation, htions, rules, commiflion, recognizance, or any other writ, procefs, or man- rant^V'court date, iffuing out of, or returnable into, any court, or any of- ^dimm * fice belonging thereto, or any other proceeding therein whatfo- ufiatem, Capi-ever, or yiy copy thereof, or of any record not herein before **, Subpoenas* charged, within the faid colonies and plantations (except war- fummonfes, rants relating to criminal matters, and proceedings thereon or cuTuons°ry relating thereto a ftamp duty of one (hilling.	commiflions,

recognizances. See. in any of the faid courts (except warrants, See. relating to criminal matters, See.) 1 s. per (heet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Licences, ap-piece of paper, on whjch (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed,	f

any licence, appointment, or admiflion of any counfellor, fol- counfdlors ° licitor, attorney, advocate, or prodor, to pradife in any court, follicitors, &c. or of any notary within the faid colonies and plantations, a to pratf ife in ftamp duty of ten pounds.	per ffieet^l0l#

For every (kin or piece of vellum pr parchment, or (heet or iBills of lad-piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- ing, cockcts, ed, any note or bill of lading, which (hall be figned for any kind clearances, of gooils, wares, or merchandize, to bp exported from, or any 4 • per ee . cocket or clearance granted within the faid colonies and plantations, a ftamp duty of four pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Letters of piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print-pd, letters of mart, or commiflion for private (hips of war, with- J^lvauTftiips in the faid colonies and plantations, a ftamp duty of twenty war, aos, per (hillings.	ffiett.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Grants, ap-piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written or printed, pointments, gny grant, appointment, or admiflion of or to any publick be- admiffions to

N 3	.	neficial,	Publitk beue’

Digitized by

Google

18*	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 12.	[1765,

(Jcial office*, official office or employment, for the fpace of one year, or any &c. of 10 j/ lefler time,, of or above the value of twenty pounds per annum perann.	fieriing money, infalary, fees, and perquifites, within the faid

waid*?arUP" colonies and plantations, (except commi(lions and appointments navyriu^^s,* officers of the army, navy, ordnance, or militia, of judges, and juftice$ * and of juftices of the peace) a ftarap duty of ten fhillings. of peace excepted) xo s. per Oieet.

Grants of li- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, pr (heet or berries, privi- piece of paper, on which any grant of any liberty, privilege, or chifes °under" *ranchife, under the feal of any of the faid colonies or planta-the feal of any tions, or under the feal or fign manual of any governor, proof the colo- prietor, or publick officer alope, or in conjundion with any o-nies, or fign ther perfon or perfops, or with any council, or any council and rnaniial^cft^or affembly, or any exem plication of the fame, (hall be ingrofled, &cy. or auly01* written, or printed, within the faid colonies and plantations, * exemplifica- ftamp duty of fix pounds, . tions thereof, 61. per (heet.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or tuous ^piri‘ piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, ao08USpe^U0^8, any licenPe for retailing of fpirituous liquors, to be granted to Ujeet.	any perfon who (hall take out the fame, within the faid colonies

and plantations, a ftamp duty of twenty (hillings.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or retailing wine piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, &ect' PCr l*c£nce ft* retailing of wine, to be granted to any perfon who (hall not take out a licence for retailing of fpirituous li-

Sjuors, within the faid colonies and plantations, a ftamp duty of our pounds.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Detailing wine, piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, where*ali- any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any perfon beenC ranted W^° ta^c OUt a ^lcence f°r retailing °f fpirituous liquors^ for mailing within the faid colonies and plantations, a ftamp dufy of three fpirituous li- pounds, quors, 31. per (heet.

Probates of For everY ^c,n or P*ccc vellum or parchment, or (heet or wills, letters P^ecc °f paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written or printed, of adminiftra* any probate of a will, letters of adminiftration, or of guardian? tion, or guar- jfhip for any eftatc above the value of twenty pounds fterling moT eiTtheccmti* nc^5 within the Britijh colonies and plantations upon the conned and the tineptof America, the illands belonging thereto, and the Bermu-i(lands of Ber- da and Bahama iflands, a ftamp duty of five (hillings, xnuda and Bahama, 5 s. per (heet.

. Probates, let-	For “every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or

tersofadmi- piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written or printed, *ittration or any fuch probate, letters of adminiftration or of guardianftiip, fno^erVrw with*n aH other parts of the Britijh dominions in America. a of America, ftamp duty of ten (hillings.

10 s. per fheet.	#	^

Bonds for any For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or ccedim? foi	PaPer>	vjrhich.(hall be ingrofled, written, or printed,

gI	apy

Digitized by LjOoq le

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12•	183

any bond for fecuring the payment of any fnm of money, on the conti-not exceeding the fum of ten pounds fterling money, within the Britijb colonics'and plantations upon the continent of America*, Bermuda and the iflands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Bahama, 6 d. iflands, a Ramp duty of fix pence.	P« theet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Iheet or Bond* for any piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, fum above jol. any bond for fecuring the payment of any (urn of money above and not ex-ten pounds, and not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds fter-*

Jing money, within fuch colonies, plantations, and iflands, a faid places, is* (lamp duty of one (hilling.	per /heet. ’

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Bondsfor any piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, fum above any bona for fecuring the payment of any fum of money above 10^ twenty pounds, and not exceeding forty pounds fterling money, within fuch colonies, plantations, and iflands, a (lamp duty of fome* places, one (hilling and fix pence.	1 s. * d. per

(heet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Warrants for piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any order or warrant for furyeying or fetting out any quantity of any lands! net land, not exceeding one hundred acres, iflued by any governor, exceeding proprietor, or any publick officer alone, or in conjunction with looacres, any other perfon or perfons, or with any council, or any council JF* fliect# and aflembly, within the Britijb colonies and plantations in Ame-rica, a (lamp duty of fix pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Wai rants for • piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, furveying or any fuch order or warrant for furveying or fetting out any quan- fetting out tity of land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred	*

acres, within the (aid colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of aa-es/andno one (hilling.	exceeding

100, i s. per (heet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Warrants piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, for furveying any fucn order or warrant for furveying or fetting out any quan- or fetting out tity of land above two hundred, and not exceeding three hun- bovc Voo dred and twenty acres, and in proportion for every fuch order acreVand not or warrant for furveying or fetting out every other three hun- exceeding dred and twenty acres, within the faid colonies and plantations, 3*ot * s. 6d. a (lamp duty of one (hilling and fix pence.	***

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Original piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- grants, or ed, any original grant, or any deed, mefnc conveyance, or other inftrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land not ex- &c" o/?ands’, ceeding one hundred acres (hall be granted, conveyed, or aflign- not exceding ed, within the Britijb colonies and plantations upon the conti- 100 acres up-nent of America, the iflands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda °”Jthc0r°ntl" and Bahama iflands (except leafes for any term not exceeding the iQ^ds^f Ber-term of twenty one years) a (lamp duty of on^ (hilling and fix muda and pence*	*	Bahama, is.

f	N4	jror6d.peraic*t.

Digitized by LjOOQle

184

Original grants, See. oi lands a-bove 100 acres, and

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C. 12.	[1765.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed* any fuch original grant, or any fuch deed, mefne conveyance or other inftrument whatfoever by which any quantity of land a-not exceeding bove one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred acres, (hall be granted, conveyed, of affigned, within fuch colonies, planta-*se “ ^ectC.S ^ons> an(l iflands, a ftamp duty of two (hillings.

Original	For	every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or

grants, &c. piece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed, pf lands above any fuch original grant, or any fuch deed, mefne conveyance, not exceeding or ot^er inftrument whatfoever, by which any quantity of land 310, and in g above two hundred, and not exceeding three hundred and proportion for twenty acres, (hall be granted, conveyed, or affigned, and in every other proportion for every fuch grant, deed, mefne'conveyance, or o-ther inftrument, granting, conveying, or aligning, every other three hundred and twenty acres, within fuch colonies, plantations, and iflands, a ftamp duty of two (hillings and fix pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed, any fuch original grant, or any fuch deed, mefne conveyance, or other inftrument whatfoever, by which any quantity of land not exceeding one hundred acres (hall be granted, conveyed, or affigned, within all other parts of the Britifh dominions in America, a ftamp duty of three (hillings.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or grants, &c. of piece of paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed, lands above any fuch original grant, or any fuch deed, mefne conveyance, or not exceeding ot^er inftrument whatfoever, by which any quantity of land a-*00,within Sbove one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred acres, (hall the fame be granted, conveyed, or affigned, within the fame parts of the parts, 4 s. per faid dominions, a ftamp duty of four (hillings.

Original * For every ^,n or piece °f vellum or parchment, or (heet or grants, Sec. piece of paper, on which fhall be ingroffed, written, or printed, of lands a- any fuch original grant, or any fuch deed, mefne conveyance, or hove *00 other inftrument whatfoever, whereby any quantity of land a-aCrCS d^n n<>t k°ve tvvo hundred, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty 310, ancT*in acres, (hall be granted, conveyed, or affigned, and in proportion proportion for every fuch grant, deed, mefne conveyance, or other inftru-for every o- meat, granting, conveying, or afligning, every other three hun-withm<therCS* ^rec^ anc* twenty acres, within the fame parts of the faid domi-faid parts, 5 s. nions, a ftamp duty of five (hillings. pc;r (beet.

Giants, ap- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (hpet or pointments, piece 0f paper, on which (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed, any ?rant’ appointment, or admifiion, of or to any publick belief beneficial neficial office or employment, not herein before charged, above office, not be- the value of twenty pounds per annum fterling money in falary, fore charged, fees, and perquifites, or any exemplification of the fame, wither afin0 *n ^ Britijh colonies and plantations upon the continent of Ame-vahie^or ex- the iflands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama amplifications ifjands (except commiffions of officers of the army, navy, orej-

nance

320 acres, in the faid places, as. fid. per ftieet. Original grants, &c. of lands not exceeding joo acres, within all o-ther parts of America, 3 s. per flieet. Original

Digitized by t^ooQle

1765.]	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

nance, or militia, and of juftices of the peace) a damp duty four pounds.

185.

of thereof (army, navy, and juftices of the

peace, excepted) upon the continent, or iflands of Bermuda and Bahama, 41. per flieet.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet orGr*nts piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written, or print- ™ ™ fuch# ed, any fuch grant, appointment, or admiflion, of or to any0fficesinany fuch publick beneficial office or employment, or any exempli-other parts of fication of the fame, within all other parts of the Britijh domi- America, 6 L nions in America, a ftamp duty of fix pounds.	“cct#

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or Indentures, piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written, or print- coned, any indenture, leafe, conveyance, contra<51, ftipulation, bill contra^* of fale, charter party, proteft, articles of apprenticefhip, or cor ftipUiations, yenant (except for the hire of fervants not apprentices, and alfo bills of fale, except fuch other matters as are herein before charged) within cha,ter the Britijh colonies and plantations in America., a ftamp duty of [2J*11artfclet two fhillings and fix pence.	'	of appremice-

ftiip, or covenant (except for the hire of fervants, and other matters before charged) is. t d. per Iheet.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or Warrant for piece of paper, on which any warrant or order for auditing any auditing pub-publick accounts, beneficial warrant, order, grant, or certificate, |jencfiria?ntit under any publick feal, or under the feal or fign manual of any warrants, or-governor, proprietor, or publick officer alone, or in conjunction ders, grants, vyith. any other perfon or perfons, or with any council, or any certificates, council and aflembly, not herein before charged, or any pafs- unu^khfeal port or let-pafs, furrender of office, or policy of aflurance, fhall £r f,gn manual be ingrofled, written, or printed, within the faid colonies and of a governor, plantations (except warrants or orders for the fervjce of the not before navy, army, ordnance, or militia, and grants of offices under c QrtPfurren" twenty pounds per annum in falary, fees, and perquifites) a ders of offic^ ftamp duty of five fhillings.	policies of af-

furance (warrants for the navy or army, and grants of offices under 101, per annum value, excepted) 5 s. per flieet.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or Notarial aft?, piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written, or printed,	cd##

any notarial a<ft, bond, deed, letter of attorney, procuration, torney,°pro-poortgage, releafe, or other obligatory inftrument, not herein be- curation, fore charged, within the faid colonies and plantations, a ftamp mortgage,re-duty of two fhillings and three pence.	.

ment, not charged before, 2 s. 3 d. per fheet.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or Regifters, en-piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written or printed, tncf» ^ in~ any regifter, entry, or inrollment of any grant, deed, or other ™™ts”tS> of inftrument whatsoever herein beforp charged, within the faid deeds, &c. be-colonies and plantations, a ftamp duty of three pence.	fore charged.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or 3d* P*1*&cct* piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written, or printed, Regifter*? en-any regifter, entry, or inrollment of any grant, deed, or other	•

ipftrv-grants, deeds.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*86	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 12.	[1765,

^arnedb*f°rt *n®rument whatfoever not herein before charged, within the per ficet* * faid colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of two (hillings. Duties paya- And for and upon every pack of playing cards, and all dice, bie upon which (hall be fold or ufed within the faid colonies and planta-^d**nd“,cc’ tions, the feveral (lamp duties following (that is to fay)

Card*, 1*. per. For every pack of fuch cards, the fum of one (hilling, pack.

Dice, ios. per	And for every pair of fuch dice, the fum of ten (hillings.

Suties	And for and upon every paper, commonly called a pamphkt9

ble upon " and uPon cvcry ncws paper, containing publick news, intclli-pampblettand gence, or occurrences, which (hall be printed, difperfed, and new* papers, made publick, within any of the faid colonies and plantations, and for and upon fuch advertifements as are herein after mentioned, the refpedlive duties following (that is to fay)

For every fuch pamphlet and paper contained in half a (heet,

theet or lefs or an7 *c®*er	PaPer>	W^IC^	ftaU	printed, a damp

•	duty	of	one	halfpenny, for every printed copy thereof.

For every fuch pamphlet ana paper (being larger than half a

VIZ.

On pamphlets of half a



printed copy i ------ ^	,. t	* ,	.

being larger (heet, and not exceeding one whole lheet) which (hall be fo

ftaot andnot Pr‘nted> a duty of one penny, for every printed copy

exceeding a thereof.

pbole (beet, id. for every printed copy j

being larger For every pamphlet and paper being larger than one whole &eet.,andCnot A*®8** not exceeding fix (heets in cxflavo, or in a lefler page, acceding 6, or not exceeding twelve (heets in quarto, or twenty (heets in in octavo, or folio, which (hall be fo printed, a duty after the rate of one (hil-lundcr * or not ling for every (heet of any kind of paper which (hall be contain-' AmsirT^ui m one printed copy thereof, to, or *o (beets in folio, is. per (heet for one printed copy.

For every ad- For every advertifement to be contained in any gazette, news veitizemeqtin paper, or other paper, or any pamphlet winch (hafi be fo print-

«•»* duty of Uiillmgs- ...

For every al- For every almanack or calendar, for any one particular ywr, manacle, See. or for any time lefs than a year, which (hall be written or print-to fcrve for i cd on one fide only of any one (heet, (kin, or piece of paper motion one Par^ment, or vellum, within the faid colonies and plantations, Sdeof i (heet a ftamp duty of two pence.

only, ad. For every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year, which (hall be written or printed within the (aid colonies o&eTahna- and plantarions, a (lamp duty of four pence, nack, See. for i year, 4x3.

For every al- And for every almanack or calendar written or printed with-ynanack to jn thc colonies and plantations, to ferve for feveral years, raWears, <du* dutics to the fame ajnount refpedlively (hall be paid for every ties to the fuch year, lame amount refpe&ively for each year.

On inftru- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or inents, pro- piece of paper, on which any inftrument, proceeding, or other codings, &c. matter or thing aforefaid, (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, grofled writ Wlt^n thf fa*d colonies and plantations* in any other than the

*	EngUJh

Digitized by

yGoOg

1765.3	Anno	quinto Gf.orgii III. c. 12.	187

JEngli/b language, a (lamp duty of double the amount of the tfe- ****» ,or Pr’nt* fpeiftive duties before charged thereon.	otherthsm die

Englifh language, ckroble the amount of the refpeftivc duties before charged thereon.

And there (hall be alfo paid in the faid colonies and planta- On fees paid tions, a duty of fix pence for every twenty (hillings, in any fum w,th ck.rks not exceeding fifty pounds fterling money, which (hall be given, notwTweding paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any derk 50i# a duty of or apprentice, which mall be put or placed to or with any ma- 6d, for every fter or miftrefs to learn any profeflion, trade, or employment.	P^d	$

II. Andalfoa duty of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings, in and I6. for toy fum exceeding fifty pounds, which (hall be given, paid, every ios. in contracted, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to any fuch clerk, *“y fuA ex-

or apprentice.

ceeding 50!.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That what (ball be every deed, inftrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other deemed poli-minument or writing, for or relating to the payment of any fum c**8 alfir-of money, or for making any valuable confideration for or upon

fhe lofs of any (hip, veflel, goods, wages, money, effefts, or up- 0f the aft. S

on any lofs by fire, or for any other lofs whatloever, or for or

upon any life or lives, (hall be conftrued, deemed, and adjudged

to be policies of aflurance, within the meaning of this aft: and On what cafes

if any fuch deed, inftrument, note, memorandum, letter, or o- the infurance

ther mihument or writing, for infuring, or tending to infure,

any more than one (hip or veflel for more than any one voyage, m 01 C1

or any goods, wages, money, effefts, or other matter or thing

whatloever, for more than one voyage, or in more than one (hip or

veflel, or being the property of, or belonging to, any more than

one peribn, or any particular number of perions in general part-

nerihip, or any more than one body politick or corporate, or for

more than one rifque; then, in every fuch cafe, the money in-

fiired thereon, or the valuable confideration thereby agreed to be

made, (hall become the abfolute property of the injured, and the

infurer (hall alfo forfeit the premium given for fuch infurance*

together with the fum of one hundred pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, what (hall be That every deed, inftrument, note, memorandum, letter, or o- deemed a ther minument or writing, between the captain or mafter or charter party, owner of any (hip or veflel, and any merchant, trader, or other

perfon, in refpeft to the freight or conveyance of any money* goods, wares, merchandizes, or effefts, laden or to be laden on board of any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning of this aft.

* V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Books, &c. That all books and pamphlets ferving chiefly for the purpofe of fervingchiefly an almanack, by whatfoever name or names intituled or de- f°r almanacks feribed, are and (hall be charged with the duty impofed by this	^	**

aft on almanacks, but not with any of the duties charged by this aft on pamphlets, or other printed papers $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always. That this aft (hall not extend to charge aforcfa^ any bills of exchange, accompts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, duties not to

©F

Digitized by v^.ooQle

188	Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 12:	tl7^5^

extend to bill* or any bills or notes not fealed for payment of money at fight, ot exchange, or Upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment, ortoprobate VII. Provided, That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex-of wills, or tend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of adminiftra-letters of ad- tion to the effefts of any common feaman or foldier, who (hall ftiiniitration, die jn his Majefty’s fervice; a certificate being produced from feamen'or1 commanding[officer °f t^e A^P or veflel, or troop or company foldiers dying *n which fuch feaman or foldier ferved at the time of his death, in the King's and oath, or if by a quaker a folemn affirmation, made of the fervice. truth thereof, before the proper judge or officer by whom fuch probate or adminiftration ought to be granted 5 which oath or affirmation fuch judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and for which no fee or reward (hall be taken.

The extraor- VIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That until after dinary dudes the expiration of five years from the commencement of the faid oninitru-	duties, no (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or

meats, in any pjece 0f paper, on which any inftrument, proceeding, or other th^EngUfli matter or thing (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, within the language, are colonies of Quebec or Granada, in any other than the Englijh rot to take language, (hafi be liable to be charged with any higher (lamp piece withm (juty than jf the fame had ingrofled, written, or printed in

§££*» <he W

g years.

Initruments IX. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained for granting, (hall extend to charge with any duty, any deed, or other inftru-&ad	ment> which (hall be made between any Indian nation and the

any Indian governor, proprietor of any colony, lieutenant governor, or corn-nation, are not mander in chief alone, or in conjunction with any other perfon or chirgeable perfons, or with any council, or any council and aflembiy of any with duties; Gf the fajd colonies or plantations, for or relating to the granting, furrendering, or conveying, any lands belonging to fuch nation, to, for, or on behalf ot his Majefty, or any fuch proprietor, or to any colony or plantation, nor are pro- X. Provided always, That this aft (hall not extend to charge ctamations, any proclamation, torms of prayer and thankfgiving, or any forms of pray- printed votes of any houfe of aflembiy in any of the faid colonies an Toufefof an(* P^antat*orts> with anY °f the laid duties on pamphlets or aflembiy*;8 ° news papers ; or to charge any books commonly ufed in any of Schoolbooks, the fchools within the faid colonies and plantations, or any Books of piety books containing only matters of devotion qr piety; or to AnieTdv°r* charge any Angle advertifement printed by itfelf, or the daily th^ments r" accounts or bills of goods imported and exported, fo as fuch ac-printedfolely; counts or bills do contain no other matters than what have daily accounts been ufually comprized therein ; any thing herein contained to ot imports, the contrary notwithstanding.

an expors, ^1 Provided always. That, nothing in this aft contained or certificates (hall extend to charge with any of the faid duties, any vellum, to receive parchment, or paper; on which (hail only be engrofled, written, £untie$ntary or Pr’mted, any certificate that (hall be neceflary to intitle any * perfon to receive a bounty granted by aft of parliament.

'	XU*	And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1765.]	Anno	quinto	Gecrgii	III. c. 12.	i#9

XII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The duties to That the faid feveral duties ihall be under the management of management the commiflioners, for the time being, of the duties charged on Qf the com-(lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, in Great Britain : and iniffioners tor the faid commiflioners are hereby impowered and required to theilainp employ fuch officers under them, for that purpofe, as they (hall ^reatBritain think proper; and to ufe fuch (lamps and marks, to denote the who are to 1 (lamp duties hereby charged, as they (hall think fit; and to appoint prorepair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there per otHcers, (hall be occafion; and to do all other adls, matters, and things, ^7 ftanips, neceflary to be done, for putting this adt in execution with relation to the duties hereby charged.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. They are to That the commiflioners for managing the faid duties, for the appoint an time being, (hall and may appoint a fit perfon or perfons to at- °l”cef toat-tend in every court or publick office within the faid colonies

and plantations, to take notice of the vellum, parchment, or lick office; to*

paper, upon which any of the matters or things hereby charg- take care of

ed with a duty (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, and of all matters rc-

the (lamps or marks thereupon, and of all other matters and

things tending to fecure the faid duties ; and that the judges in judgCS and o*

the (everal courrs, and all other perfons to whom it may apper- thers to affilt

tain, (hall, at the requeft of any fuch officer, make luch or- in fecuring

ders, and do fuch other matters and things, for the better fe- *hc.lai<1

curing of the faid duties, as (hall be lawfully or reasonably de- conuniffion-

fired in that behalf: and every commiflioner and other officer, ers and other

before he proceeds to the execution of any part of this adt, (hall officers, to

take an oath in the words, or to the effedl following (that is to thc kyj	°	v	lowing oath.

I A. B. do (wear. That I will faithfully execute the trtujl repofed in The oath.

me, purjuant to an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of bis majejly King George the Third, for granting certain Jlamp duties, and other duties, in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, without fraud or concealment \ and will from time to time true account make of my doing therein, and deliver the fame to fuch per fan or perfons as his Majejly, his heirs, or fuccejfors, Jhall appoint to receive fuch account; and will take no fee, reward, or profit, for the execution or performance of the faid truft, or the bufinefs relating thereto, from any perfon or perfons, other than fuch as /ball be allowed by his Majejly, his heirs, and fuccejfors, or by fome other perfon or perfons under him or them to that purpofe authorized.

Or if any fuch officer (hall be of the people commonly called Oath by Quakers, he (hall take a folemn affirmation to the effedl of the whom to be faid oath ; which oath or affirmation (hall and may be admini- adminiltered. ftered to any fuch commiffioner or commiflioners by any two or more of the fame commiflioners, whether they have or have not previoufly taken the fame; and any of the faid commiflioners, or any juftice of the peace, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or any governor, lieutenant governor, judge, or other magiftrate,

within

Digitized by v^,ooQle

Anno quinto Gfiokdli Ilf. C. i2.	[176^

within the faid colonies or plantations* fliaH and may admint* fter fuch oath or affirmation to any fubordinate officer.

XIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners, and all officers to be employed or entrufted by or under them as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, in and for the better execution of their feveral places atfd trufts, obferve fuch rules, methods, and orders, as they refpe&irely (hall, from time to time, receive from the high treafurer of Greai Britain, or the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three 01* more of fuch commiflioners for the time being; and that thd faid commiflioners for managing the ftamp duties (hall take e-taken tbat the fpecial care, that the feveral parts of the faid colonies and plan-1* tat*ons (hall, from nmc t0 time, be fufficiently fumifhed with with ve^um? parchment, and paper, (tamped or marked with the faid

damps.

I9O

Commiffion-ers and officer* under them, to obferve fuch rules as the treafury (hall prescribe them.

Care to be

Perfons fign-ing, writing, printing, or felling any thing charg-able with tne duties.

refpedtive duties.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall fign, ingrofs, write, print, or felt, or expofe to falej or caufe to be figned, ingrofled, written, printed, or fold, or expofed to fale, in any of the faid colonies or plantations, or in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, any matter or thing, for which the vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before the fame (hall be marked or (lamped with the marks or (lamps to be provided as aforefaid, or upon which there (hall not be fome (lamp or mark re-fembling the fame; or (hall fign, ingrofs, write, print, or fell, or expoie to Tale, or caufe to be figned, ingrofled, written, print-

or which (hall ed, or fold, or expofed to fale, any matter or thing upon any A ' vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or (tamped for any lower duty than the duty by this adl made payable in refpedt thereof; every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the film of ten pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no matter or thing whatfoever, by this adl charged with the payment of a duty, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence,

nfitted°a^evi-or admitted m any court within the faid colonies and planta-dencein any ^ons»to be g°°d, ufeful, or available in law or equity, unlefs court, unleis the fame (hall be marked or (lamped, in purfuance of this adl, duly ftampt; with the refpedlive duty hereby charged thereon, or with an higher duty.

But if any in- XVII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadled by ftrumentnot *hc authority aforefaid. That if any vqllum, parchment, or pa-duly ftampt at per, containing any deed, inftrument, or other matter or thing, the execution ihall not be duly damped in purfuance of this adl, at the time be Sauced1	fealing,	or	other execution, or the entry or in-

to a chief di- rolhnent thereof, any perfon interefted therein, or any perfon on ftributor, and his or her behalf, upon producing the fame to any one of the chief diftributors of flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and paying to him the fum of ten pounds for every fuch deed, inftrument, matter, or thing, and alfo double the amount of the duties payable in refpedl thereof, (hall be intitled to receive from fuch diftributor, vellum, parchment, or paper, damped purfuant

to

before the fame (hall be duly ftampt. Sec.

be ftampt for a lower duty, forfeit 101.

No inftru-inent charge able with a

payment made of 101. and double duties, he is to fign a certificate, and

Digitized by L^ooQle

2765*1	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 12.	191

this aft, to the amount of the money fo paid; a certificate be- annex the ing firft written upon every fuch piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, expreffing the name and place of abode ot the perfon by 9 or on whole behalf fuch payment is made, the general purport of fuch deed, inftrument, matter, or thing, the names of the parties therein, and of the witneffes (if any) thereto, and the date thereof, which certificate (hall be figned by the faid diftributor ; and the vellum, parchment, or paper, fhaill be then annexed to fuch deed, inftrument, matter, or thing, by or in the prefence of.

'fuch diftributor, who (hall impref9 a feal upon wax, to be affixed on the part where fuch annexation (hall be made, in the pre- a^er ^ fence of a magiftrate, who (hall atteft fuch fignature and feal- fl,an ^ ad-ing; and the deed, inftrument, or other matter or thing, from mitted as evl-thenceforth lhall and may, with the vellum, parchment, or pa- dencc. per, fo annexed, be admitted and allowed in evidence in any copies of fach court wh&tfoever, and fhal] be as valid and effeftual as if the certificates, proper ftamps had been impreffed thereon at the time of the &c. to be figning, fealing, or other execution, or entry or inrollment there- tranfmitted of: and the faid diftributor (hall, once in every fix months, or oftener if required by the commiffioners for managing the ftamp fioncrg for * duties,. fend to fuch commifiioners true copies of all (uch certifi- ftamps. cates, and an account of the number of pieces of vellum, parchment, and paper, fo annexed, and of the refpeftive duties im-prefled upon every fuch piece.

XVIIi. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The penalty That if any perfon (hall forge, counterfeit, erafe, or alter, any of forging or fuch certificate, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall be guilty of altering any felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without the u dStK.

■	a /•	1	*	•“•I •• ilvtfUn

benefit of clergy.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The penalty That if any perfon or perfons (hall, in the faid colonies or plan- of counter/ tations, or in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, coun- feiting or terfeit or forge any feal, ftamp, mark, type, device, or label, to forgingany refemble any feal, ftamp, mark, type, device, or label, which (hall ot 1 c

be provided or made in purfuance of this aft; or (hall counter- or jmpref-feit or refemble the impreflion of the fame upon any vellum, fious thereof*, parchment, paper, cards, dice or other matter or thing, thereby	•

to evade the payment of any duty hereby granted; or (hall make, °r making. ' fign, print, utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or fjf^o/inter-* paper, or other matter or thing, with fuch counterfeit mark or \„|f any thing impreflion thereon, knowing fuch mark or impreflion to be with fuch counterfeited; then every perfon fo offending (hall be adjudged counterfeit a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without the benefit of clergy.

XX.	And it is hereby declared, That upon any profecution Counterfeit or profecutions for fuch felony, the dye, tool, or other inftru- ftamps, See. ment made ufe of in counterfeiting or forging any fuch feal, af*fT co!^the ftamp, mark, type, device, or label, together with the vellum, plartyfnto he parchment, paper, cards, dice, or other matter, or thing having deftroyed in fuch counterfeit impreflion, (hall, immediately after the trial or open court.

con-

Digitized by L,ooq ie

i gi

Penalty of inrolling, &c. any matter or thing not duly ftampt, is 201.

Counsellors, or others to whom it belongs, ne-

flecting to le or record in due time any matter for which a duty is payable, &c. forfeit 501.

Penalty of writing, &c. any matter, for which a duty is payable. on pa per, &c. whereon o ther matters, chargeable with a duty, were before written, &c. or fraudulently erafing the names, or o-ther thing therein, or taking off the ftamp to ufe it for any other matter,

is 50 L

Part of all writings, &c.

Anno quint'o GtofcGii III. c. ti.	[1765;

convidion of the party or parties accufed, be broke, defaced, or deftroyed, in open court.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any regifter, publick officer, clerk, or other perfon in any court, regiftry, or office within any of the faid colonies or plantations, (hall, at any time after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty live, enter, regifter, or inroll, any matter or thing hereby charged with a ftamp duty, un-lefs the fame (hall appear to be duly ftamped 5 in every fuch cafe fuch regifter, publick officer, clerk, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixry five, if any counfellor, clerk, officer, attorney, or other perfon, to whom it (hall appertain, or who (hall be employed or intruded, in the faid colonies or plantations, to enter or file any matter or thing in refped whereof, any duty (hall be payable by virtue of this ad, (hall negled to enter, file, or recora the fame, as by law the fame ought to be entered, filed, or recorded, within the fpace of four months after he (hall have received any money for or in refped of the fame, or (hall have promifed or undertaken fo to do; or (hall negled to center, file, or record, any fuch matter or thing, before any fubfequent, further or other proceeding, matter, or thing, in the fame fuit, (hall be had, entered, filed, or recorded ; that then every fuch counfellor, clerk, officer, attorney, or other perfon fo negleding or offending, in each of the cafes aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, at any time after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty five, (hall write, ingrofs, or print, or caufe to be written, ingroffed, or printed, in the faid colonies or plantations, or any other part of his faid Majefty’s dominions, either the whole or any part of any matter or thing whatfoever in refped whereof any duty is payable by this ad, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there (hall have been before written any other matter or thing in refped whereof any duty was payable by this ad ; or (hall fraudulently erafe, or caufe to be eraf-ed, the name or names of any perfon or perfons, or any fum, date, or other thing, ingroffed, written, or printed, in fuch matter or thing as aforefaid ; or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any mark or ftamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to ufe fuch ftamp.or mark for any other matter or thing in refped whereof any duty (hall be payable by virtue of this ad j that then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every matter and thing, in refped whereof any duty (hall be payable in purfuance of this ad, (hall be ingroffed, written,

or

Digitized by t^ooQie

AnnoquintoGEORGiiIII. c. 12.

*93

or printed, in fuch manner, that fome part thereof (hall be to be upon, or either upon, or as near as conveniently may be, to the (lamps	as

or marks denoting the duty; upon pain that the perfon who n,ay be;

(hall ingrofs, write, or print, or caufe to be ingroffed, written, or on penalty of

printed, any fuch matter or thing in any other manner, (hall, 5^

tor every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.	.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, vJJ; of^flbing That every officer of each court, and every juftice of the peace any writ or 5 or other perfon within the faid colonies and plantations, who procefs, for (hall i(Tue any writ or procefs Hipon which a duty is by this a<ft which a duty payable, (hall, at the ifluing thereof, fet down upon fuch writ or

procefs the day and year of his ifluing the fame, which (hall be 0n the writ, entered upon a remembrance, or in a book to be kept for that and an entry purpofe, fetting forth the abftraft of fuch writ or procefs ; upon ma<Jc thereof, pain to forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence. on penalty o

XXVI.	And, for the better collecting and fecuring the duties

hereby charged on pamphlets containing more than one (heet of A r|ntej paper as aforefaid, be it further enacted by the authority afore- copy oAvery (aid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, one pamphlet to thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, one printed copy of e- be brought very pamphlet which (hall be printed or publifhed within any ^^Tchief^4 of the faid colonies or plantations* (hall within the fpace of j^butlJr fourteen days after the printing thereof, be brought to the chief	9

diftributor in the colony or plantation where fuch pamphlet ihall in order to be be printed, and the title thereof,, with the number of the (heets regiftered,and contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, (hallthe duty af. be regiftered or entered in a book to be there kept for that pur- £ai[£mc *n pofe s which duty fhall be thereupon paid to the proper officer F

or officers appointed to receive the fame, or his or their deputy Receipt to be or clerk, who (hall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the given for the fame on fuch printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty fome on the hereby charged on fuch pamphlet; and if any fuch pamphletcopy 5 (hall be printed or publifhed, and the duty hereby charged pamph]et thereon (hail not be duly paid, and the title and number of printed or (heets (hall not be regiftered, and a receipt for fuch duty given publifhed on one copy, where required fo to be, within the time herein before for that purpofe limited ; that then the author, printer, £d as ire and publifher, and all other perfons concerned in or about the 9 printing or publifhing of fuch pamphlet, (hall, for every fuch the author, offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and (hall lofe all proper- printer, and ty therein, and in every other copy thereof, fo as any perfon publisher, &c. may freely print and publilh the fame, paying the duty payable	*

in refpe<ft thereof by virtue of this a<5t, without being liable to property in any a&ion, profecution, or penalty for fo doing.	the copy.

XXVII.	And it is hereby furtner ena6ted by the authority pcna|tyof

aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever (hall fell or expofe to fale felling any any fuch pamphlet, or any news paper, without the true re- pamphlet or fpedlive name or names, and place or places of abode, of fome news paper known perfon or perfons by or for whom the fame was really	,

and truly printed or publifhed, (hall be written or printed piacc^'abodt

Vol, XXVI.	Q thereon $ of the printer

Digitized by Google

194	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c. 12.	[1765.

or publifher, thereon; upon pain that every perfon offending therein (hall, 10	for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

No (lamps for XXVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-pamphlets or faid, That no officer appointed for diftributing (lamped vellum, newspapers parchment, or paper, in the faid colonies or plantations, (hall ed^TiU fecuri or ^e^ver any damped paper for printing any pamphlet, or ty be*given ' anY puMick.news, intelligence, or occurrences, to be contained for paying the in one fheet, or any Idler piece of paper, unlefs fuch perfon duties for ad- (hall give fecurity to the faid officer, for the payment of the yertifements dutjes for the advertifements which (hall be printed therein or thereon‘ thereupon.

XXIX. And whereas it may be uncertain how many printed copies of the faid printed news papers or pamphlets, to be contained in one (heet or in a leffer piece of paper, may be fold ; and to the intent the duties hereby granted thereupon may not be leffened by printing a lefs number than may be fold, out of a fear of a lofs thereby in printing more fuch copies than will be fold; it is hereby provided, and be it further enabled by theau-

Tbe damps upon fuch news papers

as (hall re main unfold, are to be can celled s

the perfon

examined on oath as to the truth thereof, &c.

Officer to allow a like number of

and pamphlets t^lor^ty aforefaid, That the proper officer or officers appointed ~	for managing the faid (lamp duties, (hall and may cancel, or

caufe to be cancelled, all the (lamps upon the copies of any im-preflion of any news paper or pamphlet contained in one fheet, or any leffer piece of paper, which (hall really and truly remain unfold, and of which no profit or advantage has been made; tendering thc and upon oath, or if by a quaker, upon folemn affirmation* fame, being made before a juftice of the peace, or other proper magiftrate, that all fuch copies, containing the (lamps fo tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold, and that none of the faid copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, or any profit or advantage made thereof; which oath or affirmation fuch magiftrate is hereby authorized to adminifter, and to examine upon oath or affirmation into all circumftances relating to the felling or difpofing of fuch printed copies, (hall and may' deliver, or caufe to be delivered, the like number of other (heets, half fheets, or lefs pieces of paper, properly (lamped with of thPfm	^amc refye(^,ve dafnps, uPon payment made for fuch paper,

celled.C,Can" kut no duty (hall be taken for the (lamps thereon; any thing hereirrcontained to the contrary notwithstanding: and the faid commiflioners for managing the (lamp duties for the time being are hereby impowered, from time to time, to make fuch rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times, for fuch cancelling and allowance as aforefaid, with refpedt to fuch news papers and pamphlets, as they (hall, upon experience and confideration of the feveral circumftances, find neceffary or canceliingand convenient, for the effectual fecuring the duties thereon, and allowance. doing juftice to the perfons concerned in the printing and pub-lilhing thereof.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the befdeHvered auth°rity aforefaid. That any officer or officers employed by the by the officer dud commiflioners for managing the damp duties, (hall and may tor printing deliver to any perfon, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks

6

Commiffion-ers to make orders for regulating the method and times for fuch

Digitized by

Google

1765.]	Anno	quintojGEOROii	III. c. 12;	195

nacks (hall have been printed, paper marked or (lamped accord- almanacks, ing to the true intent and meaning hereof, for the printing fuch almanack or almanacks, upon his or her giving fufficient fecuri- ^duties* ty to pay the amount of the duty hereby charged thereon, within the fpace of three months after fuch delivery ; and that the And he is to faid officer or officers, upon bringing to him or them any num- ^^cks aI~ ber of the copies of fuch almanacks, within the fpace of three brought to be months from the faid delivery and requeft to him or them in cancelled that behalf made, (hall cancel all the (lamps upon fuch copies, within a cer-and abate to every fuch perfon fo much of the money due upon tain timc# fuch fecurity as fuch cancelled (lamps (hall amount to.	Where alma-

XXXI.	Provided always, That where any almanack (hall nacks contain contain more than one (heet of paper, it (hall be fufficient more than

to damp only one of the (heets or pieces of paper upon which *he <hc«t”C fuch almanack (hall be printed, and to pay the duty accord- on]y may be inglv.	itampt.

XXXII.	And it is hereby further ena<5led by the authority a- pcrfon8 fciiing forefaid. That from and dftcr the faid firft day of November, one or hawking * thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in cafe any perfon or almanacks, or perfons, within any of the faid colonies or plantations, (hall news papers, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expofe to fale, any almanack, Sulvftampt or calendar, or any news paper, or any book, pamphlet, or pa- forfeit +0»/ per, deemed or conftrued to be, or ferving the purpofe of, an almanack or news paper, within the intention and meaning of

this a<5l, not being (lamped or marked as by this adt is diredled; every fuch perfon, (hall for every fucb offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XXXIII.	And 6c it further enabled by the authority afore- SumJ gYCn faid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, one with clerks or thoufand feven hundred and iixty five, the full fum or fums of apprentices to money, or other valuable confideration received, or in any wife !* diredtly or indiredlly given, paid, agreed, or contracted, for, in cn* with, or in relation to any clerk or apprentice, within any of

the faid colonies or plantations, (hall be truly inferted, or written in words at length, in fome indenture or other writing which (hall contain the covenants, articles, contradls, or agreements, relating to the fervice of fuch clerk or apprentice; and (hall bear date upon the day of the figning, fealing, or other execution of the fame, upon pain that every matter or miftrefs and bear date to or with whom, or to whofe ufe, any fum of money, or other execution valuable confideration whatfoever, (hall be given, paid, fecured,	*

or contracted, for or in refpedl of any fuch clerk or apprentice, which (hall not be truly and fully fo inferted and fpecified in fome fuch indenture, or other writing, (hall, for evenr fuch offence, forfeit double the fum, or double the amount or any other va- °n forfeiture luable confideration fo given, paid, agreed, fecured, or con-	tbe

trailed for; to be fued tor and recovered at any time, during ai uras* the term fpecified in the indenture or writing for the fervice of fuch clerk or apprentice, or within one year after the determi- Indentures to nation thereof; and that all fuch indentures, or other writings, bjj brought ta dull be brought, within the fpace of three months, to the pro- the propcr

O 2	per

Digitized by

Google

paid, &c.

on forfeiture of double the amount.

Indentures

and the duty duly paid.

196	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 12:	[1765.

officer within per officer or officers, appointed by the faid commiffioners for andCthT<dut'S* co^e<^*nS t^ie kid duties within the refpective colony or planta-to be then * t,on» a°d the duty hereby charged for the fums, or other valuable confideration inferted therein, (hall be paid by the mafter or miftrefs of fuch clerk or apprentice to the faid officer or officers, who (hall give receipts for fuch duty on the back of fuch indentures or other writings; and in cafe the duty (hall not be paid within the time before limited, fuch mafter or miftrefs (hall forfeit double the amount of fuch duty.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-declared void, faid. That all indentures or writings within the faid colonies where the fee and plantations, relating to the fervice of clerks or apprentices, is not inferted, wherein (hall not be truly inferted or written the full fum ctr

and the dntv r	r	- .	...

fums of money, or other valuable confideration, received, or in any wife directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, fecured, or contracted for, with, or in relation to any fuch clerk or apprentice, and a receipt- given for the fame by the officer or officers aforefaid, or whereupon the duties payable by this ad (hall not be duly paid or lawfully tendered, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, within the time herein for that pur-pofe limited, (hall be void and not available in any court or place, or to any purpofe whatfoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enadedby the authority aforefaid. That if any mafter or miftrefs of any clerk or apprentice ihall negled to pay the faid duty, within the time herein before lithe duties,ap- mjted, and any fuch clerk or apprentice (hall in that cafe pay, or Fuch cafe,"up- cauk t0 he paid,* to the amount of double the faid duty, either on payment during the term of fuch clerkfhip or apprenticelhip, or within of double dii- one year after the determination thereof, fuch mafter or miftrefs

not having then paid the faid double duty although required by fuch clerk or apprentice fo to do; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk or apprentice, within thre^ months after fuch payment of the faid double duty, to demand of fuch mafter or miftrefs, or his or her executors or adminiftrators, fuch fum or fums of money, or valuable confideration, as was or were paid to fuch mafter or miftrefs, for or in refpect of fuch clerkfhip or apprentiedhip; and in cafe fuch fum or fums of money, or valuable confideration, (hall not be paid within three months after fuch demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk or apprentice, or any other perfon or perfons on his or her behalf, to fue for and recover the fame, in fuch manner as any penalty hereby inflicted may be fued for and recovered; and fuch clerks or ap-and to be dif- prentices (hall, immediately after payment of fuch double duty, c larged.	anj	are	hereby	difeharged	from their clerkfhips or apprentice-

fhips, and from all actions, penalties, forfeitures, and damages, for not ferving the time for which they were refpectively bound, contracted for, or agreed to ferve, and (hall have fuch and the fame benefit and advantage of the time they (hall refpectively have continued with and ferved fuch mafter or miftrefs, as they

would

Where mafter, 8cc. neglect to pay

tics, &c. is in titled to recover the ap« prentice fee $

Digitized by (^.ooQle

l97

1765.]	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 12.

would have been intitled to in cafe fuch duty had been paid by fuch mafter or miftrefs, within the time herein before limited for that purpofe.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore- prjnted •n (aid, That all printed indentures, or contracts for binding clerks dentures to or apprentices, after the faid firft day of November, one thou- have the fol-fand (even hundred and fixty five, within the faid colonies and lowing notice plantations, (hall have the following notice or memorandum *dded there-printed under the fame, or added thereto, videlicet,	to*

TH E indenture muft bear date the day it is executed, and the The noticc> money or other things given or controlled for with the clerk or apprentice, muft be inferted in words at length, and the duty paid, and a receipt given on the back of the indenture, by the diftributor of Jlamps, or his jubjlitute, within three months after the execution of fuch indenture, under the penalties infixed by law.

And if any printer, ftationer, or other perfon or perfons, within penaj^ of any of the faid colonies or plantations, or any other part of his felling any Majefty’s dominions, (hall fell, or caufe to be fold, any fuch in- fuch inden-denture or contrad, without fuch notice or memorandum being J.urf> w,f.hout printed under the fame, or added thereto; then, and in every added°tlce fuch cafe, fuch printer, ftationer, or other perfon or perfons, ;8101*

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXXVII.	And, for the better fecuring the faid duty on playing cards and dice ; be it further enacted by the authority r!?*cc aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November, tobe fold,* or one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no playing cards or ufed, dice (hall be fold, expofed to fale, or ufed in play, within the faid colonies or plantations, unlefs the paper and thread inclofing, or which (hall have inclofed, the fame, (hall be or (hall have been refpe&ively fealed and damped, or marked, and unlefs one of the cards of each pack or parcel of cards, fo fold, (hall bealfo marked or damped on the fpotted or painted fide thereof with fuch mark or marks as (hall have been provided in purfuance of this a<ft, ppon pain that every perfon who (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any fuch cards or dice which (hall not have been fo refpec-tively fealed, marked, or damped, as hereby is refpedtively re- on penalty of quired, (hall forfeit for every pack or parcel of cards, and every 10 * one of fuch dice fo fold or expofed to fale, the fum of ten pounds.

XXXVIII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority afore- Penalty of faid. That if any perfon within the faid colonies or plantations, buying or fell-or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, (hall fell or buy {^fo^v^ade any cover or label which has before been made ufe of for de- ufe Qf,denot-noting the faid duty upon cards, in order to be made life of for ing Hie duty, the inclofing any pack or parcel of cards; every perfon fo of- in ordcr to fending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit twenty pounds. cards^isYol XXxIX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Buyer or feller rity aforefaid, That if either the buyer or feller of any fuch cover informing, U or label (hall inform againft the other party concerned in buying indemnified a-or felling fuch cover or label, the party lb informing (hall be ad- thc

O3	rnitted”

Digitized by

198

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. it. [1765.

nutted to give evidence againft the party informed againft, and (hall be indemnified againft the faid penalties.

XL. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, P Itv of That any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently indofe any par-fraudulcntly cc^ or pack of playing cards in any outfide paper fo (baled and inclofingcards damped as aforefaid, the fame having been made ufe of for the in a ft amp co- purpofe aforefaid; then, fo often, and in every fuch cafe, eveiy ver before perfon fo offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned, b *oCl.U C ° ’ toall, ^or evcr7 °ffcnce» forfeit the fum of twenty jpounds.

XLI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Officers deli- That from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand venng out h- hundred and fixty five, every clerk, officer, and other tailingfpiritu- Pcr^on employed or concerned in granting, making out, or de-ous liquors or Hvering licences for retailing fpirituous liquors or wine within wine, are to any of th* faid colonies or plantations, (hall, and he is hereby tranfmit, with* required and directed, within two months after delivering any mornhT anac- l'ccnces» to tranfmit to the chief diftributor of damped vel-count of the lum, parchment, and paper, a true and exadt lift or account of number Code- the number of licences fo delivered, in which (hall be inferted livered,andthe the names of the perfons licenfed, and the places where they parties names, refpc&jycjy rcf1(Je; and if any fuch clerk, officer, or other perfon (hall refufe or negledt to tranfmit any fuch lift or account to fuch diftributor, or mall tranfmit a falfe or untrue one, then.

on forfeiture and in every fuch cafe, fuch clerk, officer, or other perfon, of 501- (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XLII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Such licences That licences for felling or uttering by retail fpirituous liquors or forone vearC w*nc	anY	^le	^ colonies and plantations, (hall be in

only. ^ force and ferve for no longer jhan one year from the date of each licence refpedtively.

Where a per- XLIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed by theautho-fon licenced rity aforefaid. That if any perfon licenced to fell fpirituous lu (hall die or re- quors or wines, (hall die or remove from the houfe ot place cence* (hall be herein fach fpirituous liquors or wine (hall, by virtue of fuch good for the licence, be fold, it (hall and may be lawful for the executors, unexpired adminiftrators, or affigns of fuch perfon fo dying or removing, term thereof, who (hall be poflefled of fuch houfe or place, or for any occupier of fuch houfe or place, to fell fpirituous liquors or wine therein during the refidue of the term for which fuch licence (hall have been granted, without any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Perfons felling XLIV. And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, wine or (pints That if any perfon or perfons (hall fell or utter by retail, that is in a lefs quan- to fay, irf any lefs quantity than one gallon at any one time, any •*ailon&whh-	w*ne» or anY l*quor called or reputed wine, or any kind

out taking out of fpirituous liquors, in the faid colonies or plantations, with-a licence, for- out taking out fuch licence yearly and every year, he, (he, or frit *ol. they fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by t^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.	199

That every perfon who (hall retail fpiritupus liquors or wine Perfoiw retail-in any prifon or houfe of correction, or any workhoufe appoint-ed or to be appointed for the reception or poor perfons within a„yS p^fon, any of the faid colonies or plantations, fhall be deemed a retail- See. are deem-er of fpirituous liquors or wine within this aCt.	retailers.

XLVI. Provided always and be it further enabled by theau- Tf T thority aforefaid, That it at any time after the faid firft day of niaT^made November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, there fhall for licenfmg not be any provifion made for licenfmg the retailers of wine or retailers, fpirituous liquors, within any of the faid colonics or plantations ; then, and in every fuch cafe, and during fuch time as licences may no provifion fhall be made, fuch licences fhall and may be be granted granted for the fpace of one year, and renewed from time to by therdbea* time by the governor or commander in chief of every fuch re- ive governors! fpe&ive colony or plantation.

XLVII. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a- Perfons buy. forefaid. That every perfon who fhall at any one time buy of any	at a”y

chief diftribotor within any of the laid colonies or plantations, cidef dhtriba-vellurn, parchment, or paper, the duties whereof fhall amount tors, (lamps to to five pounds fterling money of Great Britain, or upwards, the amount of fhall be allowed after the rate of four pounds per centum, upon S*-the prompt payment of the faid duties to fuch chief diftributor. ^

cent, on prompt payment.

XLVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Commiflioners faid. That all publick clerksor officers within the faid colonies or °?ccrV? ^

,	’	.	r,	*	1	t	.	•	,	.	4, .	«	.	allowed to im-

plantations, who fhall from time to time have m their cuftody i*pe£Vtand take

any publick books, or other matters or things hereby charged notes from all

with a (lamp duty, fhall, at any feafonable time or times, permit publick books

any officer or officers thereunto authorized by the faid commif* J^^s where ^

fioners for managing the ftamp duties, to infpetft and view all ftanip duties

fuch publick books, matters, and things, and to take thereout are charged,

fuch notes and memorandums as fhall be neceflary for the pur- in order to af-

pofe of afeertaining or fecuring the faid duties, without fee or thc

reward; upon pain that every fuch clerk or other officer who a *

(hall refufe or negleft fo to do, upon reafonable requeft in that on penalty of

behalf made, fhall, for every fuch refufal or negleft, forfeit the xol.

fum of twenty pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Treafurytofct That the high treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiflioners of annual,y the his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of fuch commiflion- 5ampsj ers, for the time being, fhall once in every year at leaft, fet the prices at which all forts of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, fhall be fold by the faid commiflioners for managing the (lamp duties, and their officers; and that the faid commiflioners the prices fo for the faid duties fhall caufe fuch prices to be marked upon every fet to be mark-fuch flein and piece of vellum and parchment, and fheet and thereon* piece paper: and if any officer or diftributor to be appointed officers felling by virtue of this a£V, fhall fell, or caufe to be fold, any vellum, them at a parchment, or paper, for a greater or higher price or fum, than *he price or futn fo fet or affixed theicjn; every fuch officer or 9

O4	dif-

Digitized by LjOOQle

200

Anno quinto Georgii IIL c. la.	[17^5-

diftributor (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Officers em- L. And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ployed in raif- the feVera! officers who (hall be refpedively employed in the the refpe£vf ra*ling* receiving, cohering, or paying, the fcveral duties heredities, to ex- hy charged, within the faid colonies and plantations, (hall every hibit anatteft- twelve months, or oftner, if thereunto required by the faid corned account miffioners for managing the faid duties, exhibit his and their lheoToftner- re^Pe<^lve account and accounts of the faid feveral duties upon before the go- oath, or if a quaker upon affirmation, in the prefence of the vernor, governor, or commander in chief, or principal judge of the colony or plantation where fuch officers (hall be refpedively refident, in fuch manner as the high treafurer, or the commi/-fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of fuch commiffi-oners for the time being, (hall, from time to time, dired and in order that appoint, in order that the fame may be immediately afterwards the fame be tranfmitted by the faid officer or officers to the commiffioners the^rnmifl/0 ^or mana6*ng ^ duties, to be comptrolled and audited ac-oners. " cording to the ufual courfe and form of comptrollingand auditing the accounts of the (lamp duties arifing within this king-Cfficer refuf- dom: and if any of the faid officers (hall negled or refufe to ingfo to do,or exhibit any fuch account, or to verify the fame upon oath or not duly pay- affirmation, or to tranfmit any fuch account fo verified to the mone^iVhfs comm^loners for managing the faid duties, in fuch manner, 1 and within fuch time, as (hall be fo appointed or directed ; or (hall negled or refufe to pay, or caufe to be paid, into the hands of the receiver general of the (tamp duties in Great Britain, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of fuch commiffioners for the time being, (hall, from time to time, nominate or appoint, the monies rTpedively raifed, levied, and received, by fuch officers under the authority of this ad, at fuch or diverting or l*mes> and in fuch manner, as they (hall be refpedively required mifapplying by the faid high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury; any part there* or if any fuch officers (hall divert, detain, or mifapply, ail or . any part of the faid monies fo by them refpedively raifed, Je-anyCperfon w- and received, or (hall knowingly return any perfon or Jufertor mo- perfons infuper for any monies or other things duly anfwered, nies paid; paid, or accounted for, by fuch perfon or perfons, whereby he forfeits treble or they fhall fuftain any damage or prejudice; in every fuch verted'or mif- ca^e> evei7 fuch °®cer “*all be l*aMc t0 pay treble the value of applied, and all and every fum and fums of money fo diverted or mifapplied; trebledamages and (hall a!(o be liable to pay treble damages to the party griev-to the party e<^ by returning him infuper.

grieved.	LI.	And	be	it	further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

Receivers ge- That the commiffioners, receiver or receivers general, or other neral of the perfon or perfons, who (hall be refpedively employed in Great hibit^heir ac- Britain, in the directing, receiving, or paying, the monies arif-counts to the ing by the duties hereby granted, (hall, and are hereby requir-auditorsofthe ed, between the tenth day of O£iober and the fifth day of Janu-impreft, he- ary f0n0Wing, and fo from year to year, yearly, at thofe times.

Digitized by

Google

1765*] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.	201

to exhibit their refpedtive accounts thereof to his Majefty’s au- tob.and 5 Jan* ditors of the impreft in England for the time being, or one of ^bedcclared them, to be declared before the high treafurer, or commiflianers beforcthetrea-of the treafury and chancellor of the exchequer for the time fury and exbeing, according to the courfe of the exchequer.	chequer.

LII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Commifiioners

That if the faid commifiioners for managing the faid duties, or or receiver*

the faid receiver or receivers general, (hall negledt or refufe to general not

pay into the exchequer all or any of the faid monies, in fuch 5^2® r J	‘	'	•	n	1	r	n_»i	tne monies in-

manner as they are required by this act to pay the lame, or (hall to t^e exchc-

divert or mifapply any part thereof; then they, and every of quer,

them fo offending, (hall be liable to pay double the value of all or mifapplying

and every fum and fums of money fo diverted or mifapplied. o^hable^to*"

pay double the value of the fums mifapplied.

LIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Coim>trolIerof That the comptroller or comptrollers for the time being of the £hc duties to duties hereby impofed, (hall keep perfedt and diftindt accounts coun^of the in books fairly written of all the monies arifing by the faid du- monies arifing ties ; and if any fuch comptroller or comptrollers (hall negledt thereby, on his or their duty therein, then he or they, for every fuch offence, Pcnalty of (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.	100 *

LIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Monies arif-That all the monies which (hall arife by the feveral rates and ing by the du-duties hereby granted (except the neceflary charges of railing,tJ** (charge colledting, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for cepted) the fame, and the neceffary charges from time to time incurred in relation to this adt, and the execution thereof) (hall be paid t0 ^ pajd jn-into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and (hall be enter- to the exche-ed feparate and apart from all other monies, and (hall be there quer apart, referved to be from time to time difpofed of by parliament, to- ?ndt[e'jve<1 wards further defraying the neceffary expences of defending, fi^ionV par-protedting, and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations. liament, &c.

LV. And whereas, it is proper that fome provifion (hould be made for payment of the neceffary expences which have been, and (hall be incurred in relation to this adt, and the execution thereof; and of the orders and rules to be eftablifhed under the authority of the fame, before the faid duties (hall take effedfc, or the monies arifing thereby (hall be fufficient to difeharge fuch expences; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That his Majefty may, and he is hereby impowered by any war- charges at-rant or warrants under his royal fign manual, at anv time or tending the times before the twentieth day of Aprils one thouiand feven cxeeunonof hundred and fixty fix, to caufe to be iffued and paid out of any d^^ake of the furplufles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues effe&, to be compofing the fund commonly called The finking fund (except paidoutofthe fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any finking fund, particular ufe or ufes, by any former adt or adts of parliament in that behalf) fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be necef- at any time fary to defray the faid expences ; and the monies fo iffued, (hall before 10 A-

be reimburfed, by payment into the exchequer of the like fum Pril» *j66;

the fata monies 1 to be repaid

Digitized by

gainft ad 4 Ge

jco. 3.

202	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	III. c. 12.	[1765.

out of the du- or ^ums out	mon*cs	which (hall arife by virtue of this

0	ad j which monies, upon the payment thereof into the exche-

?|uer, (hall be carried to the account, and made part of the faid und.

Three com- LVI. And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That miflioners ira- all the powers and authorities by this ad granted to the com-poweredtoaft. miflioners for managing the duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall and may be fully and effedually carried into execution by any three or more of the faid commiffioners ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

fertilities and LVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, forfeitures in- That all forfeitures and penalties incurred after the twenty ninth curredafter«9 day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five. Sept. 1765,for for offences committed againft an a61 pafled in the fourth year ences a-	t^c reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for grant-

ing certain duties in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America; far continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an aft pa (fed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second., intituled\ An ad for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid aft) towards defraying the exptnces of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations; for explaining an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade; and for altering and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandtftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and feewring the trade between the fame and Great Britain, and for offences committed againft any other ad or ads of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the faid colonies or plantations; (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and reco-fecomcddand vered, in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in ov^ the refpedive colony or plantation where the offence (hall be committed, or in any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, and which (hall have jurifdidion within fuch colony, plantation, or place, (which courts of admiralty or vice admiralty are hereby refpedively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame) at the eledion of the informer or profecutor.

,	LVIII.	And	it	is	hereby	farther	enaded and declared by the

granted as^u. authority aforefaid. That all fums of money granted and im-tiesand inapo- pofed by this ad as rates or duties, and alfo all fums of money iitkms, &c. to impofed as forfeitures or penalties, and all fums of money re-^C°v»fid*ed quired to be paid, and all othfer monies herein mentioned, (hall Jingmoney^of deemed and taken to be fterling money of Great Britain, and Great Britain; (hail be colleded, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value at the rate of which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain; and that fuch

5s. *d. per oz. monies (hall and may be received and taken, according to the in diver.	*	pr0-

where to be

Digitized by LjOOQle

1765*] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.	205

proportion and value of five (hillings and fix pence the ounce in Penalties and Clver *, and that all the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflided, forfeitures m and which (hall be incurred, in the faid colonies and plantations, anVplanta-(hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, in any tionsarercco-court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the refpe6t- verable in any ive colony or plantation where the offence (hall be committed, thc eourt* or in any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, where°the of-and which (hall have jurifdi&ion within fuch colony, plantation, fence is com-or place, (which courts of admiralty or vice admiralty are here- mitted,«ec. by refpedhvely authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame,) at the eledlipn of the informer or profe-cutor; and that from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- but ber„ one thoufand feven hundred and nxty five, in all cafes, th/determina-where any fuit or profecution (hall be commenced and deter- tionsofanyof mined for any penalty or forfeiture inflidled by this a<ft, or by the faid courts, the faid a<ft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, und*r a&» or by any other adt of parliament relating to the trade or reve- Geo.^may4 nues of the faid colonies or plantations, in any court of admi- appeal to a 1 ralty in the refpedtive colony or plantation where the offence vice-admiralty (hall be committed, either party, who (Rail think himfelf ag- court* grieved by fuch determination, may appeal from fuch determination to any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, ana which (hall have jurifdidtion within fuch colony, plantation, or place, (which court of vice admiralty is hereby authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine fuch appeal) any law, cuftom^or ufage, to the contrary notwithftand-ing \ and the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflidted, which	anj

(hall be incurred in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, forfeitures in-(hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, with full cu;redinother cods of fuit, in any court of record within the kingdom, tern- parts, to be re-tory, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, in fuch and the fame manner as any debt or damage, to the a- In any court of mount of fuch forfeiture or penalty, can or may be fued for and record in the recovered.	.	place,

LIX. And it is hereby further enabled, That all the forfei- Forfeitures, tures and penalties hereby inflidled (hall be divided, paid, and See. in the coapplied, as follows; (that is to fay) one third part of all fuch ionics and forfeitures and penalties recovered in the faid colonies and plan- ^e p^d over° tations, (hall be paid into the hands of one of the chief diftri- one third to* butors of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, refiding in the chief di-the colony or plantation wherein the offender (hall be convidl- dributor, for ed, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors; one third part of the penalties and forfeitures, fo recovered, to thc the governor, governor or commander in chief of fuch colony or plantation; and one third and the other third part thereof, to the perfon who (hall inform t0 the proie-or fue for the fame; and that one moiety of all fuch penalties	arts

and forfeitures recovered in any other part of his Majefty’s do- 0”e ^jety to minions, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc- the King, and ceffors, and the other moiety thereof, to the perfon who (hall the other to inform or fue for the fame.	theproiecutoi1.

LX» And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by

204	Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 12.	[1765.

Offences made That a^ the offences which are by this aft made felony* and fhali felonies, to be b® committed within any part of his Majefty’s dominions, fhali

law where committed.

Governors to

tried in any of and may be heard, tried, and determined, before any court, of the courts of law within the refpeftive kingdom, territory, colony, or plantation, where the offence (hall be committed, in fuch and the fame manner as all other felonies can or may be heard, tried, and determined, in fuch court.

___,wwbmwi LXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

te7womtotheThat all the prefent governors or commanders in chief of any due execution Britijb colony or plantation, (hall, before the faid firft day of of this a&.	November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and all

who hereafter (hall be made governors or commanders in chief of the faid colonies or plantations, or any of them, before their entrance into their government, (hall take a folemn oath to do their utmoft, that all and every the claufes contained in this prefent aft be punctually and bona fide obferved, according to Penalty on not the true intent and meaning thereof, fo far as appertains unto taking fuch the faid governors or commanders in chief refpeftively, under oatht	the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, either for neg-

or not dif- lc<£ting to take the faid oath, or for wittingly neglecting to do charging their their duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expreffed in an aft duty, the fame made in the feventh and eighth year of the reign of King JVil-as ** exP^ed Ham the Third, intituled. An off for preventing frauds, and re-Win 1.	* Ittlating abufeSy in the plantation trade-, and the faid oath hereby

Oath by whom required to be taken, (hall be adm iniftcred by fuch perfon or to be admini- perfons as hath or have been, or (hall be, appointed to admini-kered.	(ter the oath required to be taken by the faid aft made in the

feventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third.

LX1I. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, other writhi s That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings in all chargcd^ith cour*s whatfoever, and all deeds, inftruments, and writings whatfoever, hereby charged, Khali be ingroffed and written in fuch manner as they have been uftially accuftomed to be ingroffed and written, or are now ingroffed and written within the faid colonies and plantations.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or profecuted, either in Great Britain or America, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fuch per-Gcneral iffue. fan and perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or difeontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have Treble cofts. the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

the duties, to be ingroffed anil written as uiually.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooqLc

I7^5-l Anno quintoGeorgii III. c. 13,

205

CAP. XIII.

An aft for tmpowering the commiffioners for putting in execution the feveral afts paffed for paving, cleanftng, and lighting the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and parts adjacent, to colleft certain tolls on Sundays, upon the feveral roads therein mentioned, and apply the fame for the purpofes of the faid afts.

WHEREAS was made in the fecond year of his prefent p M Majefty's reign, intituled, An a£t for paving, cleanfing, ream ** and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weft min ft er \ the parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomfbury, that part of the parifh of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlefexi the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and. that part of the duchy of Lancafter which lies in the county of Middlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned : and whereas an aft was made in the third year of his prefent Majeftys reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the faid former aft : and whereas an aft was made the laft feffton of parliament, to explain, amend, and render more ejfeftual, the faid two former afts: and'whereas great progrefs has been made in executing and performing the feveral powers and authorities in the faid afts contained; but for want of a fufficient fund the fame cannot be completed: wherefore, and to the end and intent that fo ufeful an undertaking may be effectually carried into execution, may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it enalted, fcfr.

A ftrect toll to be paid at the feveral turnpikes here mentioned, before any cattle or carriage (hall be permitted to pafs. The tolls. The faid tolls to be taken above and exclufive of all other tolls. Tolls veiled in com-miflioners. Tolls to be levied by diltrefs and fale. Diftrefs may be (old after 4 days. Commiflioners may erefl turnpikes, See. Turnpikes, Sec, veiled in the commiflioners. Tolls may be collected at the turnpikes already ere&ed. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Commiflioners may leaie,

&c. the tolls. Commiflioners may appoint officers. Officers to account upon oath. Officers refufing to account, juft ices to inquire into the default, and commit the offender, until payment or compofit;an be made. Commiflioners to allowofficers falaries. Penalty on forcibly paflingthrough the gates, &c. or giving or receiving tickets. Sec, to avoid payment of the tolls. Tolls may be afligned for money borrowed. Affignments to be entered in a book. Afligmnents may be transferred. Entries of all aflign-ments to be made. All creditors deemed equal in degree.Commencement and continuance of the tolls. Charges of palling this a£t to be firfl paid. Per-fons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefliofi. Notice of appeal to be given. Recognizance to be entered into. Proceedings not to be quafh-ed for want of form, nor removeable bv Certiorari. Writings to be without (lamps. Limitation of a&ions. General ifliie. Treble cods. Pub-

lick aft.

CAP.

Digitized by

206

Anno quinto Georg II III, c. 14;	[1765#

CAP. XIV.

An aB for the more effectual prefervation fijb in fijh ponds and other $ waters •, omf conies in warrens \ and for preventing the damage done to fea banks, within the county of Lincoln, by the breeding conies therein.

Preamble. \KT HERE AS the feveral laws in being for the prefervation VV of the fijh in rivers, ponds, pools, moats, fews, and other waters, are by experience found to be ineffectual to aeter divers loofe, idle, and diforderly perfons, from jlealing, taking away, or defraying, the pjh therein bred and preferved; may it therefore pleafe your molt excellent Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-After 1 June, nty °f the fame, That in cafe any perfon or perfons from and *7651 perfons after the firft day of June, onethoufand feven hundred and fix-convi&ed, ty five, (hall enter into any park or paddock fenced in and in-months^after c^°^ec*> or into any garden, orchard, pr yard, adjoining or be-the^ffeneefof longing to any dwelling-houfe, in or through which park or dealing or de- paddock, garden, orchard, or yard, any river or dream of water ftroying fifh in (hall run or be, or wberein (nail beany river, dream, pond, filh ponds, &c. pQ0\y moat, dew, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatfoever, (hall deal, take, kill, or dedroy, any fifh bred, kept, or preferved, in any fuch river or dream, pond, pool, moat, dew, or other water aforefaid, without the confent or aiding or of the owner or owners thereof; or (hall be aiding or afliding affifting there- in the dealing, taking, killing, or dedroying, any fuch fifti as ln> . aforefaid; or (hall receive or buy any fuch fifti knowing the fame recei”inc'cM*^ to be ^°ien or taken as aforefaid; and being thereof indided buying fuch within fix calendar months next after fuch offence or offences filhi	(hall have been committed, before any judge or judices of goal

delivery for the county wherein fuch park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard, (hall be, and (hall on fuch indidment be, by verdid, or his or their own confeflion or confeflions, con-ported for*7	of any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid; the perfon

years.	or perfons fo convided (hall be tranfported for feven years.

II. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy apprehending and conviding of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be guilty of any of the offences before-mentioned, be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall,

malcin a dif- at anY time a^ter ^	^	3une'	commit	or	be	guilty

eoveryof, and of any fuch offence or offences as are herein before mentioned, convidingvhis and (hall furrender himfelf to any one of his Majefty’s juftices accompliccs,is 0f the peace in and for the county where fuch offence or offences in titled to	fha]i |iave bcen committed ; or, being apprehended and taken,

or in cuftody for fuch offence or offences, or on any other account, and (hall voluntarily make a full confeflion thereof, and a true difeovery, upon oath, of the perfon or perfons who was or were his accomplice or accomplices in any of the faid offences,

fo

pardon.

1765 1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 14.

207

fo as fuch accomplice or accomplices may be apprehended and taken, and (hall, on trial of fuch accomplice or accomplices, give fuch evidence of fuch offence or offences, as (hall be fuffi-cient to convidt fuch accomplice or accomplices thereof 5 fuch perfon making fuch confeflion and difeovery, and giving fuch evidence as aforefaid, (hall, by virtue of this adl, be pardoned, acquitted, and difeharged of and from the offence or offences fo tw him confeffed as aforefaid.

IIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons con-in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of June,	deftr k	-

take, kill, or deftroy, or attempt to take, kill, or deftroy, any fuh, in any river or ftream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any in nveis or park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or other watert, belonging to any dwelling houfe, but lhall be in any other inclofed ground which (nail be private property} every fuch perfon, being lawfully convidted thereof by the oath of one or more credible wit- for^.-lt t0 thc nefs Qr witnefles, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, wner of the the fum of five pounds, to the owner or owners of the fifhery fifhery 5I. of fuch river or ftream of water, or of fuch pond, pool, moat, or other water: and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the county, di- ^^0^0? vifion, riding, or place, where fuch laft mentioned offence or j^icc tolrthie offences (hall be commited, upon complaint made to him or his warrant them, upon oath, againft any perfon or perfons, for any fuch for appre-laft-mentioned offence or offences, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of, be-0 cn cr> fore him or them; and, if the perfon or perfons lb complained of (hall be convidted of any of the faid offences laft-mentioned, before fuch juftice or juftices, or any other of his Majefty’s juftices of the fame county, di vifion, riding or place aforefaid, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, wnich oath fuch juftice orjuftices are hereby authorized to adminifter, or by his or their own confeflion; then, and in fuchcafe, thc party foconvidt- and the penal-ed (hall, immediately after fuch convidtion, pay the faid penalty of tv to be paid five pounds, hereby before impofed for the offence or offences “OWI? “P°n aforefaid, to fuch juftice or juftices before whom he (hall be fo other^fethe convidted, for the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as the fame is offender to be hereby appointed to be forfeited and paid unto; and, in default committed to thereof, (hall be committed by fuch juftice or juftices to thethc^fc°f houfe of corredtion, for any time not exceeding fix months, un-	n	for

lefs the money forfeited (hall be fooner paid.	1

IV.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful or an aftion to and for fuch owner or owners of the fiftiery of fuch river or j"ay bf dream of water, or of fuch pond, pool, or other water, where- theUpcnalty in in any fuch offence or offences laft-mentioned (hall be committed any of the as aforefaid, to fue and profecute for, and recover the faid fum courts at of five pounds, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, Weftminfter, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler; and in fuch adtion or fuit, no effoin, wager of law, or more than one within 6 imparlance (hall be allowed $ provided that fuch adlion or fuit be months after brought, or commenced, within fix calendar months next after the offence; fuch offence or offences (hall have been committed.

V. PrO-

Digitized by

208	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C.	14.	[1765^

None liable to V. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho* r'ry a^orc^a^> That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be con-river, &c!any ftrue(Jto extend, to fubjeft or make liable *any perfon or perfons wherein they to the penalties of this aft, who (hall fi(h, take, or kill, and have a right, carry away any fi(h, in any river or ftream of water, pond, pool, or other water, wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall have a juft right or claim to take, kill, or carry away any fuch fifh.

VI.	And whereas there are many thoufand acres of land in this kingdom altogether unfit for cultivation, and yet the fame are capable of rendering great profit, by the breeding and maintaining conies, as well to the owners of fuch lands, as to a multitude of induftrious manufacturers, who gain their livelihood by working up coney wool: and whereas a great part of the faid land is already ufed as warrens,in the breeding and maintaining conies, but, becaufe divers diforderly perfons, neglecting their own lawful trades, have betaken themfelves to the taking, killing, and dealing of conies, in the night-time, whereby the owners and occupiers of fuch warrens are greatly difcouraged, and many fuch owners and occupiers have been induced to deftroy fuch warrens, and others have been deterred from flocking other lands, to the great prejudice of the manufactures of this kingdom : and whereas the provifions already fubfifting have, by experience, been found infufficient for the effectual prefervation of of conies in warrens: for remedy whereof, be it further enafted, Perfons con- That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the viftedofenter- firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, ing warrens, wilfully and wrongfully, in the night-time, enter into any war-time^ncf tak ren or Srounc^s lawfully ufed or kept for the breeding or keeping ingo’r^killing coniesi although the fame be not inclofed, and (hall then conies there, and there wilfully and wrongfully take or kill, in the night-time, any coney or conies, againft the will of the owner or occupier or aiding or thereof, or fhall be aiding and aflifting therein, and (hall be con-aflifting there- vifted of the fame before any of his Majefty’s juftices of oyer ,n*	and terminer, or general gaol delivery, for the county where

fuch offence or offences (hall be committed ; every fuch perfon maybe pumfh- ancj perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted portation1" *n manner aforefaid, fhall and may be tranfported for the fpace or by Whip- of feven years, or fuffer fuch other lefler punilhment by whipping, fine, or ping, fine, or imprisonment, as the court, before whom fuch imprifonment. perfon 0r perfons (hall be tried, (hall, in their diferetion, award, and direft.

Perfons con- VII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no perfon

aaCnoHiablewho	conv*<^ec^ °f any offence againft this aft, (hall be

to be convift-liable to be convifted for any fuch offence under any former aft cd under any or afts, law or laws, now in force.

former aft. VIII. And whereas great mifehief and damage has been, and ftill may be, occafioncd by the increafe of conies upon the fea and river banks in the county of Lincoln, or upon the land or This aft not groun<* Wlthin a certain diftance from the faid banks : for reme-to extend to thereof, be it enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That no-the deitroying thing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765-] Anno quinto Georgii III, c. 15.	209

tend, to prevent any perfon or perfons from killing and deftroy- conies, in the ing, or from taking and carrying away, in the day-time, any co-	and*

nies that (hall be found on any fea or river banks, erefted, or to rjveerebanks be erefted, for the prefervation of the adjoining lands from being the county of overflowed by the fea or river waters, fo far as the flux and reflux Lincoln, Sce. of the tide does or (hall extend, or upon any land or ground within one furlong diftance of fuch fea or river banks; but that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, to enter upon any fuch banks, land, or ground, as aforefaid, within the faid county of Lincoln, and to kill, deftroy, take, and carry away, in the day-time, to his or their own ufe, any conies fo found upon any fuch banks, land, or ground, as aforefaid, within the faid county, he or they doing as little damage as may be to the owner or tenant of fuch banks, land, or ground; any thing in this or any other aft contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

IX, Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfons (hall be obliged Nofatisfaftioa to make fatisfaftion for any damages that may be occafioned by to be made for fuch entry, unlefs fuch damages (hall exceed the fum of one ^*jP*S*8 °cc* flailing.	entry, unlefs

CAP. XV.	they exceed

An aft for enlarging the times UtHited for executing and per- ,8‘ forming feveral provifions, powers, and direftions, in certain afts of this fejjton of parliament.

WHEREAS by certain afts of thisprefent fejfton of parlia-Preamble.

ment\ feveral provifions, powers, and authorities, therein contained, have been or may be required, direfted, or authorized, to be executed on or before the day of the pq/Jing of fuch afts refpeftively y whereby feveral doubts and difficulties may arife with refpeft to the execution of the faid afts, and the good purpofes thereby intended may be defeated: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod ex- . cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent °fj^er« the lords fpiritual and temporal, and’commons, in thisa\iy^rovifions prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, or powers, in That in cafe any aft of parliament hath parted, or doth or fhall any aft of this

!>afs, at any time whatfoever during this prefent feflion of par- {balfbe direft-iament, whereby any provifion, power, or authority* or any e<jat0 ^ exe-" matter or thing, hath been, is, or (hall be, direfted, required, orCuted on or authorized, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before before the day any day which hath been, is, or fhall be, the day of the parting, or which hath, is, or (hall haveelapfed before the parting of any *r wiftChP^aU fuch aft refpeftively; in each and every fuch cafe, all fuch pro- have elapfed vifions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, before the are, or (hall be, direfted or required to be executed, done, or P^iin& ^uch performed, on or before the days refpeftively limited in every fUChprdvifion# fuch aft, (hall be, and are hereby direfted and required to be and powers executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight may beexe-next after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, by the b^?e°he°da perfons refpeftively who, in every fuch aft refpeftively, have fortnfgh^next been, are, or (hall be, direfted or required to execute, do, or after the end Vol XXVI.	P	per-of	this	feflion.

Preamble, reciting claufes in

Aft 33 Geo. a,

$ aft 2 Geo. 3

Anno quinto GeoRGH III. C. 16.	[1765.

perform the fame, on or before the days therein limited: and all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or ihall be, authorized to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the refpeftive days limited in every fuch aft refpeftively, may be, and are hereby authorized to be, executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, by the perfons refpeftively who have been, are, or (hall be, authorized to execute, do, or perform the fame: and all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, fo executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this prefent fefTion of parliament, (hall be as valid and effectual, and be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been executed, done, and performed, on or before the days limited in every fuch aft refpeftively; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for altering the times of payment of certain annuities, eftablifhed by two afts made in the thirty third year of the reign of bis late Majefty, and in the fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty.

Wf H E R E A S feveral annuities after the rate oj four pounds per V V centum, for certain terms of years, and, after the expiration thereof at three pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament* were eflabl'ifhed by an aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for granting to nis Majefty feveral duties upon malt; and for railing the fum of eight millions, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the guaging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft* burnt, or otherwife deftroyed; and feveral other annuities after the like rate of four pounds per centum, for a certain term of years* and, after the expiration thereof* in like manner, at three pounds per centum, were eftablifhed by an aft made in the fecond year of the ' reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for railing by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of twelve millions, to be charged on the finking fund; and for applying the furplus of certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and alio the monies arifing from the duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an aft of this feflion of parliament; all which faid annuities were9 by the faid aft, made payable half-yearly on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year, and were, by the faid laft-mentioned aft, confolidated, and made one joint flock of annuities for the principal fum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thoufand pounds: and whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by the fatd afts, for the payment of the faid annuities *fhould* with the confent of the proprietors thereof be altered; may it therefore pleafe

your

Digitized by CjOOQle

21 I

'*765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 17.

your Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the payment of the faid annuities for the half year which (hall become due on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feyen hundred and fixty five, the fubfequent payments thereof (hall, with the confent of the proprietors, be made in manner following; that is to fay, one quarterly payment of fuch annuities fhall be made on the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and from and after the faid tenth day of Oftober, fuch annuities (hall be paid and payable half-yearly, on the fifth day of Aprils and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the manner authorized by the faid afts.

of the proprietors, are to be made, i quarter on 10 Oft. 1765, and from wards halt yearly, on 5 April and 10 Oft. yearly.

Times of payment of the annuities granted by the recited afts to be changed, vifc.

Afterpayment of the half year due on J July, 1765, the fubfequent pa> ments, with confent thence for-

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiid, Proprietors

That fuch proprietors of the laid annuities who (hall not, on or not entering before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and	by*

fixty five, fignify their diffent to the faid alteration of the times , June, 1765, for the payment of the faid annuities, in books to be opened at deemed to af-the bank of England for that purpofe, lhall be deemed opid taken f®°t.

to affent thereto; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That all the provifions, powers, All other pro-and directions, in the faid afts, relative to the payment of the vifions, rela-faid annuities at the times therein mentioned, (hall take effeft,tive tothe operate, and be executed, with refpeft to the payment of the faid fikUn-annuities on the days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually nuities, to be as if the lame were herein repeated, re-enafted, and applied to in force.

the payments to be made by the authority of this aft.

CAP. XVII.

An aft to confirm all leafes already made by arcbbijhops and bijhops^ and other ecclefiafiical per/ons, of tythes and other incorporeal hereditaments, for one, two, or three life or lives, or twenty one years\ and to enable them to grant fuch leafes, and to bring aftiom of debt for recovery of rents referved and in arrear on leafes for life or lives.

WHEREAS it may be doubtful whether, by the laws now in

being, archbifbops or bi/hops, majler and fellows, or any other Preamble. head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mqfters and guardians of hofpttals, or any other per [on or perfons having any fpiritual or ecclefiajiical promotions, heretofore bad, or now have, any power to make or grant any leafe or leafes of tythes, or other incorporeal hereditaments only, which lie in grant and not in livery, for one, two, or three lives, or for any term or terms, of years not exceeding twenty one years, although the ancient rent, or yearly fum is thereby mentioned to be referved, and all other requi-,	P	a	dies

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anno quinto GeoRGH 111. c. 17.	[ 1765.

fetes prefcribedby the acts of parliament now in being to that end, ot any of them, were or are jufely and truly obferved and performed, by reafon that there is generally no place wherein a diferejs can be had or taken for fuch rent or yearly fum; and it may be alfo doubtful whether , in cafes of fuch leafes for life or lives, there is any remedy in law for fuch ecclefeaftical or other perfons by aft ion of debt or otherwife, for recovering the rent or yearly fum due and arrear which is mentioned to be referved on fuch leafes for life or lives: therefore for obviating all doubts touching the fame, and enabling the faid archbi-(hops and bifhops, mafters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and other eccle-(iaftical perfons, to make valid leafes of fuch their incorporeal **	hereditaments,	and	to recover the rents or yearly fum mentioned

to be referved on any leafes by them already granted, or to be granted, for one, two, or three lives, as aforefaid; and alfo to make good and effe&ual all fuch leafes as hare already been . granted by them, or any of them : may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty,* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament JLeafes aheady aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all leafes made, or that for one, two, or three life or lives, or any term not exceeding lhall be made, twenty one years, already made and granted, or which (hall at

calwfons of anY tlme ^rom an^ a^ter Pa^nS a<^ ma(^e or granted, tythes ando- of any tythes, tolls, or other incorporeal hereditaments, folely, ther incorpo- and without any lands or corporeal hereditaments, by any arch-real heredka- biftiop or bifhop, mafter and fellows, or other head and mem-wMires*or1”' ^ers C0^eSes or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, pre-yearsdeclared bendaries, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and every other to be good in perfon and perfons who are enabled by the feveral ftatutes now law*	in being, or any of them, to make any leafe or leafes for oney

two, or three life or lives, or any term or number of years not exceeding twenty one years, of any lands, tenements, or other corporeal hereditaments, (hall be, and are hereby deemed and declared to be, as good and effectual in law againft fuch arch-bilhop, bifhop, mafters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and other perfons fo granting the fame, and their fucceflors, and every of them, to all intents and purpofes, as any leafe or leafes already made or to be made by any fuch archbifhop or bifhop, mafter and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and other perfons having fpiritual promotion, of any •sthofecrant- *an^s or other corporeal hereditaments now are, by virtue of the ed by virtue of ftatute of the thirty fecond year of King Henry the Eighth, or 3* Hen. 8. any other ftatute now in being; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Mafters and • II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-fellows of tend, or be conftrued to extend, to enable any mafter and fellows,

6

1765*]	Anno	qulnto	GeoRGH	III.	C. 1^.	a	13

lows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans colleges, &c. and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafters and guardians	from

of hofpitals, or other ecclefiaftical perfons as aforefaid, to grant liafesTor any leafes for any longer or other terms than, by the local ftatutes longer term of their feveral foundations, they are now refpeftivcly enabled than *h«r ila-todo.	tutes allow.

III.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority Aftions may aforefaid, That in cafe the rent or rents, or yearly fum or fums, be brought tor referved or made payable in or by any leafe or leafes already recovery of made, or to be made, by any archbilhop or bifhop, mafter and a^inarrear fellows, or other head and members of colleges or hails, deans on jcafe8 for and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafters and guardians life or lives, of hofpitals, and every other perfon or perfons fo enabled to

make leafes as aforefaid for one, two, or three life or lives, or ’ years, in purfuance of the feveral afts of parliament already in being, or by this prefent aft, or any part thereof, (hall be be-* hind or unpaid by the fpace of twenty eight days next or over after any of the days whereon the fame, by fuch leafe or leafes, now are or hereafter (hall or may be referved and made payable; then, and fo often, and from time to time, as it (hall fo happen; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch archbifhop or bi(hop, mafter and fellows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, prebendaries, precentors, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and other perfons fo making or granting, or having made or granted, fuch leafes as aforefaid, or their executors, adminiftrators, and fucceffors re-fpeftively, to bring an aftion or aftions of debt again ft any leflee or leflees, to whom any fuch leafe or leafes for life or lives, or years, now are or hereafter (hall be made and granted, his, her or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or alfigns, for recovering the rent or rents which (hall be then due and in arrear to any fuch archbiftiop or bifhops, mafters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans, chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mafter and guardians of hofpitals, and other perfon or perfons before mentioned, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or fucceflors, in fuch and the fame manner, and as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as any landlord or leflor, or other perfon or perfons, could or might do for recovering of arrears of rent due on any leafe or leafes for life or lives, or years, by the laws now in being; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared by the Publick aft. authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken

to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, in all courts of law and equity without fpecially pleading the fame.

P3

CAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Annoquinto Georgii III. c. 18,19.	[1765.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for continuing an aft, made in the thirty firjt year of his late MajeJlf s reign, for encouraging the growth and cultivation of madder in that fart of Great Britain called England, by afcertaining the tytbe thereof

Preamble. TX7HEREAS an aft made in the thirty firji year of bis late VV majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adt to encourage the growth and cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England\ by afcertaining the tythe thereof, ivas to continue in force from the firji day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, for the fpace of fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament: and whereas the cultivation of madder, from the Petting to, its being fit for ufe, requires fo long a time, and the buildings, mills, and other requifites necejfary to be provided and maintained for manufafturing it, are fo expenfive, that many people may be unwilling to begin the culture of it during the fubfifiing term of the faid aft: and whereas the price of foreign madder is of late greatly raifed, and the fame does not come into the confumers hands Jo good as it may be manufac~ tured here •> be it therefore enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-The recited bled, and by the authority of the faipe. That the faid adl (hall for ^further anc* ^le *ame *s hereby declared to be, further continued from term of 14 the expiration thereof, for and during the further term of four-years.	teen	years,	and	to	the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for rdifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

Preambte.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedfs, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have re-» lolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum herein after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be Iavyful to and for the commifiioners of his Majefty’s trea-fury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or 1766^0 diredt the high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times before the receiving the fifth Jay 0f January, one-thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, ingbiils 'at *° cauk or diredt any loans to be taken or received at his Maje-8	*	‘	»*	fly’s

Treafury im-powered, at any time before 5 Jan.

Digitized by Google

2765*]	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 19;	215

fly’s exchequer, from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreign- the excheers, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of ex-chequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or Turns of mo- J,oT exceeding ney not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the in the whole6 whole, the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame 8oo,oool. or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or nc^as iT^e-like rules and directions, as in and by an aft of this prefent fef- foitedbyrC~ fion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting malt aft of to bis Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for this feffion. the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, are enafted and preferibed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid aft.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, cjaufcs That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, &c. in the faid advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in aft to extend the faid laft mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequerto

bills authorized to be made by the fame aft, except fuch claufes authorized as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and to be received (except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for and made out. the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the laid aft, and alfo except as is herein after mentioned) (hall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and efieftually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the (aid laft mentioned aft, or as if the faid feve-ral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Exchequer thority aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out bills fo iflued, by virtue of this aft, (hall, after the fame hath or have been if- no} to be re-fued at the exchequer, be afterwards at any time before the

fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hunared and fixty fix, cf the publick received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or colleftor taxes, before in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, 6 April, 17661 aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colleftor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife, or on any other account, than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fameunlefsthe (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth famc ^lll* day of April; nor (hall any fuch receiver or colleftor exchange, *“ at any time before the faid fixth day of April, for any money off0i the fcidf fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any ex-day. chequer bill or bills, which (hall have been ifiued as aforefaid by virtue of this aft; nor (hall any aftion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colleftor, for neglefting or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money before the faid fixth day of April; any thing in the faid aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum> cyder, and perry, for

P 4	the

216

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C. 19.	[1765.

the fervid of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fivey or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The loans and IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, tereft^^at ^at	l°ans	or exchequer bills, together with the inter-

tending,	premium,	rate,	and	charges,	incident to or attending the

charged on fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, the next aids, and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of, the firft aids or fup-or on the fink piies which (hall be granted in the next feffion of parliament 5 ruffufficient anc* *n ca^e ^u®c*cnt or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not aid (hall be	be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-

granted before dred and fixty fix, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with 5 July> *76^. the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the faid fifth day of July9 fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues com-pofing the fund commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any par* ticular ufe or ufes, by any a61 or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid (inking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive proprietors thereof.

Monies iffiied . V; .frofSJed	and **	bI the authority a-

out of the	forefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo	iffued out of the faid

finking fund furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, or other revenues com-to be replaced pofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced fupptics	^y anc* out °f the firft fupplies to be	then after granted

*	in parliament; any thing herein contained	to the contrary not-

withftanding.

3ank of Eng- VI. And beJt declared and further ena&ed by the authority landautboriz- aforefaid. That it (hall and may he lawful for the governor and ed to advance company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his the^redi^of Majefty *n like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon loan hereby the credit of loan granted by this ad, any fum or fums of mo-granted, not- ney not exceeding, in the whole, the fum of eight hundred thou-with**?n(?in£ fand Pounds; any thing in an ad made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King JVtlliam and Queen Maryy intituled. An aft for granting to their Majejlies feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of /hips and ve/fels, and upon beer, ale> and other liquors, for feeuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid aft men-tionedy to fuch perfons as /ball voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the wan againfi France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

ace 5 a o

W.&M.

CAP,

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1765*1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c.20.

217

CAP. XX.

An aft far explaining and rendering more effectual two aftsy me made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled,, An aft for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall difcover the longitude at fea; and the other in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to render more effeftual an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majcfty Queer! Anne, intituled, An a£t for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as fhall difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difcovering the longitude-, and to enlarge the number of com-mfflioners for putting in execution the faid aft.

WHEREAS by two feveral afts made, the one in the twelfth Preamble, re-year of the reign of her late majejfy Queen Anne, intituled, riting claufes An aft for providing a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons	1* Ann.

as (hall difcover the longitude at fea; and the other in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled\ An aft to render more effeftual an aft made in the16 Gco* **&c# twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for providing a publick reward for fitch perfon or perfons as Jhall difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difcovering the longitude; and to enlarge the number of commiffioners for putting in execution the faid aft; the commiffioners named in, and conjlituted by the faid afts, were impowered to receive propofals for difcovering the faid longitude, and make experiments of the fame: and whereas by the Jaid aft of the twelfth of Queen Anne, it was enafted, That the firjl author or authors, dijeoverer or difeoverers, of a proper method for finding the faid longitude within certain difiances, Jhould be intitled to and receive certain rewards therein mentioned; that is to fay, a reward or [urn of ten thoufand pounds, if it determines the faid longitude to one degree of a great circle, or fixty geographical miles; fifteen thoufand pounds, if it determines tie fame to two thirds of that di-fiance ; and twenty thoufand pounds if it determines the fame to one half the fame difiance: and whereas in and by the faid aft it was further enafted, That if upon trials any propofal for difcovering the faid longitude Jhould not prove to be of fo great ufe as before mention-ed, yet if the fame, in the judgement of the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, Jhould be found of confiderable ufe to the pub-lick, then the faid author or authors of fuch propofal Jhould receive fuch lefs reward as the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them,

Jhould think reafenable: and whereas the faid commiffioners have, from time to time, in purfuance of the powers vefied in them by the faid at1, received propofals from Mr. John Harrifon for difcovering the faid longitude, by means of certain machines or time keepers

<in-

Digitized by (jOO^lC

2l8

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C.20:	[1765.

invented by him, and have direfted feveral fums of money to be paid to the Jaid John Harrifon to enable him to fini/b his Jaid machines or time keepers, or fome of them, upon condition of his delivering the fame up to and for the ufe of the publict: and whereas the faid John Harrifon did, by direction of the faid commifftoners, enter into articles with the commifftoners of the navy, whereby he agreed, in confidcration of the fums fo advanced to him, to deliver up the three feveral machines or time keepers in the faid articles mentioned: and whereas, upon trial of one other watch machine or time keeper in a voyage to Jamaica, the major part of the faid commifftoners did ad-judge the fame to be of lonftderable ufe to the publick, and did accordingly order the payment of the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds to the faid John Harrifon, which fum was to be deemed and taken as part of fuch of the rewards, in and by the faid aft allowed for difcovering the faid longitude, as he might become intitled to, and as fuch has been by him received; and the faid watch or time keeper was to become the property of the publick: and whereas upon a further trial of the faid laft mentioned watch or time keeper, a fhip has failed, by the appointment of the commiff oners for the difcovery of the longitude, from Portfmouth in Great Britain, to Bridgetown in the ifland of Barbadoes in the Weft Indies; and whereas by means of the faid watch or time keeper invented by Mr. John Harrifon, the faid Jhip did not lofe it's longitude beyond ten geographical miles: and whereas the method for finding the longitude at fca, within half a degree of a great circle, or thirty geographical miles, by means of the faid watch or time keeper invented by the faid John Harrifon, may be made generally prafticable, and of general utility, if the principles upon which the faid watch or time keeper is confirufted are fully dif-covered and explained, and other watches or time keepers of the fame kind can be made ; but doubts may arife, whether, by the words of the faid aft of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the faid commifftoners can dir eft the payment of the faid reward of twenty thoufand pounds to the faid John Harrifon, upon a difcovery of the principles of the faid watch or time keeper, and upon other watches or time keepers of the fame kind being made: and whereas great progrefs has been made to-words difcovering the longitude at fca by a fet of lunar tables con-firufted by Tobias Mayer deceafed, late profeffor at Goetingen in Germany, upon the principles of gravitation laid down by Sir Ifaac Newton; in the conftruftion of which tables he was confiderably af-fifted from theorems furnijhed by profeffor Euler of the univerfity of Berlin; and whereas the faid tables are of confiderable ufe to the publick, and may be further improved, and made of more general utility: and whereas the widow, or other representatives of the faid profeffor Mayer, are, within the intention of the faid aft, deferving of a publick reward, upon her or their afftgning the property of the faid tables to the faid commifftoners for the ufe of the publick; and the faid profeffor Euler is atfi deferving of an honorary and pecuniary acknowledgment for his ufeful and ingenious labours towards the difcovery of the longitude: and whereas it is neceffary that the pow<rt of the faid aft of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, and alfo of the fad aft of the twenty fixth year of King George the Second, Jbeuld

Digitized by L^ooQle

<7^5*1 Anno quinto Georgix III. c. 20.	219

be explained and made effectual, as well for receiving the difcovery and explanation of the principles upon which the faid watch or time keeper is conf rutted, and for making trial of other watches or time keepers to be made in confequence thereof ana for paying the faid reward to the faid John Harrifon, his executors, adminijlrators, or affigns, as for giving proper rewards to the faid profeffor Euler, and to the widow or reprefentatives of the faid profeffor Mayer, and to fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall improve the faid tables of the moon, and make the fame of more general utility; and alfo to fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall make other difcoveries or improvements ufeful to navigation: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s rood excellent majefty, 1^°^ ‘awe* by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and }^t	'

temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, to Mr. John and by the authority of the fame, That one moiety of the Harrifon, dut-greateft reward which is direfted in and by the faid aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, to be paid to the firft author or authors, difcoverer or difcoverers, of a proper me- uponhisdif-thod for finding the faid longitude at fea, (hall be paid to the faid covering the John Harrifon his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, when principle* °f and fo foon as the principles upon which his faid watch or time keeper is conftrufted are fully difcovered, and explained to the affigning the fatisfaftion of the faid commiffioners for the difcovery of the property of j longitude, or the major part of them; and when and fo foon as of tnofeia-the faid John Harrifon hath affigned to the faid commiffioners, fhe for the ufe of the publick, the property of the three feveral tioned watch, time keepers which, in and by the faid articles, he agreed to de- for the ufe of liver up, and alfo the property of the faid laft mentioned watch e publicki or time keeper, deducing from and out of the faid moiety, fo to s^> i! afrea-be paid to the faid John Harrifon, his executors, adminiftrators, dy advanced or affigns, the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds already him $ advanced and paid to him; and that the other moiety of the oth.c^ . faid greateft reward mentioned in the faid aft (hall, when and fo pai^hetTthe foon as other time keepers of the fame kind (hall be made, and other time (hall, upon trial, be found to be of a fufficient correftnefs to de- keepers are termine the faid longitude within half a degree of a great circle, or thirty geographical miles, to the fatisfaftion of the faid com- offuificient miffioners, or the major part of them, be paid to the faid John corre&neis. Harrifon, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns.	Difcovery of

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore - the principle*

faid, That the faid Matter John Harrifon (hall not be intided,™ wl?ich thc by virtue of any thing contained in this aft, to the faid reward, iJ^niWufted or any part thereof, unlefs the difcovery and explanation of the to be made principles upon which his faid time keeper is conftrufted, (hall be within 6 made within fix months after the patting of this aft.	month*.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,\opr<£ That a reward or fum of money, not exceeding three hundred feflor Euler, pounds in the whole, (hall be paid to the faid profeffor Euler. and 30001. to

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, the widow of That a reward or fum of money , not exceeding three thoufand profeflbr pounds in the whole, (hall be paid to the widow or other repre- afngmng'tK11

fentativesproperty of

Digitized by

120	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III. C. 20^	[1765,

the lateft MS fentatives of the faid profeflor Moyer upon her or their affigning

coni^u6tedSb ^ ProPerty ^et ^ate^ manufcript lunar tables, coo-him. U C y ftrudted by the faid Tobias Mayer, to the faid commiflioners, to and for the ufe of the publick.

5,0001. pro-	V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

pofed to any That any reward or rewards, fum or fums of irioney not ex-who (hall im- ceeding in the whole the fum of five thoufand pounds, (hall tables^ ° M an<* may ^ Pa^ t0 Per^on or perfons, as (hah improve the or (hail make faid tables of the moon; or that (hall make any difcovery or any difcovery difcoveries, improvement or improvements, ufeful to navigation ; or improve- which (aid reward or rewards, fum or fums of money, (hall and

to^navk-ation. may Pa*d	Per^on	or	pcrfons,	and	in fucli proportion

’ or proportions, as the faid commiflioners (hall, from time to time, think proper and direct.

Clanfes, &c. in VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Ann* and »6 That a^ claufes, powers, authorities, matters, and things. Geo. *. con- * contained in any or either of the faid two ads, made in the tinued in twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the twenty force, where fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, not altered Ud8 ad?*1* ^ ^ ^is ad, (hall continue in full force, and extend, and be conftrued to extend, to this ad, as fully and amply as if again Rewards, by repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad; and this adt grant- that all and every the reward or rewards, fum or fums of mo-^ed°bvCthe ney> ^1S a<^ Srantec* anc* allowed, (hall, from time to time, commiflioners ke certified under the hands and feais of the faid commiflioners for the longi- for the difcovery of the longitude, to the commiflioners of the tudetothe navy for the time being; and the commiflioners of the navy commiflioners for the t;me being (hall make out a bill or bills for the fum or whoare^o * ^ums contained in the faid certificate or certificates, payable by make out bills the treafurer of the navy; and fuch fum or fums of money the for the fame, faid treafurer of the navy is hereby required to pay immediately, jW^kk ky the tQ tbe perfon or perfons mentioned in the faid certificate or cer-tificates, out of any money that (hall be in bis hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy, in fuch and the fame manner, and ac-outoftheun- cording to the fame rules and directions as are prefcribed in and applied money by the faid two recited a ds, or either of them, with regard to in his hands. any reward or rewards, fum or fums of money, allowed to be Where any give^ and paid m and by faid ac^s or cither of them, reward ex- VII. Provided always, That all and every fuch reward or fum ceeds 1,0001. of money that (hall exceed the fum of one thoufand pounds, ** *s to^cer-fhjdl be certified under the hands and feais of the faid commif-malority ofC fi°nerss or the major part of them ; but in cafe fuch reward or the commif- fum of money (hall not exceed the fum of one thoufand pounds, iioners; and then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be certified under the notexceed- jiands and feais of the faid commiflioners, or any five or more

“»SS’ofthcn>.

fled by five. VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners for the crs for the difcovery of the longitude, or the major part of powered^ Vo*	and they are hereby authorized and impowered for their

adminiftcr better fatisfadion, if they (hall fee occafion, to adminifter an oaths,	oath

treafurer of the navy,

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgu IIL c. 20.	la	1

oath or oaths to fuch pcrfon or perfons as they (hall think pro- for the mir-per, for the purpofes of carrying this aft into execution : which otthM oath or oaths, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or a * more of the faid commiflioners to adminifter accordingly.

IX. And whereas, fince the paffing of the faid aft of the Lowndes’s twelfth of Queen Anne, another profeflorfhip foi the pur- profeflbr of a-pofe of aftronomy has been eftabli (bed in the univerfity of Cam-	m

bridge 1 be it therefore enafted, That the Lowndes95 profeflbr of made a ioint aftronomy in the univerfity of Cambridge for the time being (hall commiflioner be, and he is hereby added to, and joined with, the commif- forthelongi-fioners appointed by the faid aft of the twelfth of Queen An*:ey tucic* and by another aft pafled in the twenty fixth year of King George the Second; and the faid profeflbr of aftronomy is hereby appointed a commiflioner, and (hall and may aft, to all intents and purpofes, for putting in execution the faid afts and this prefent aft, as fully and effeftually as if he had been appointed a commiflioner by the faid afts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, and of the twenty fixth of King George the Second, or either of them.

X.	And whereas the publication of nautical almanacks con-The conftruc-ftrufted by proper perfons, under the direftion of the faid com- tion and pub-miflioners, would greatly contribute to make the faid lunar hcation of tables more generally ufeful; be it further enafted by the au- knacks or thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the other table*, faid commiflioners to caufe fuch nautical almanacks, or other recommended ufeful tables, to be conftrufted, and to print, publiih, and vend, t0.!£e cora/ or caufe to be printed, publilhed, and vended, any nautical al- {^e longitude, manack or almanacks, or other ufeful table or tables, which

they, or the major part of them, (hall, from time to time, judge neceflary and ufeful, in order to facilitate the method of difcovering the longitude at fea ; any law, ftatute, exclufive privilege, private charter, or other cuftom, to the contrary thereof . notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no None to print, perfon or perfons (hall print, publifh, or vend, or caufe to be publifli, or printed, publilhed, or vended, any nautical almanack or alma- fame but fuch nacks, or other table or tables conftrufted under the direftion of as (hall be li. the faid commiflioners, without being firft licenfed by the faid cenfed, commiflioners, or the major part of them ; and if any perfon or

perfons not fo licenfed, or not being authorized by the perfon or perfons fo licenfed by the faid commiflioners, fhall print, pub-iifh, or vend, or caufe to be printed, publilhed, or vended, any un(jer ^ ^ fuch nautical almanack or almanacks, or other table or tables, 0f *ol.for every fuch perfon or perfons thall, for every copy of fuch nauti- every copy, cal almanack or table fo printed, publilhed, or vended, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds ; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflmlnjler 5 and that one moiety of fuch penalty and forfeiture (nail be to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall profecute, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

212	Anno quinto GEORGII III. C. 21, 22.	[1765;

CAP. XXL

An aft for appointing commiffioners to put in execution an aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, together with tbofe named in two former afts for appointing commiffioners of the land tax\ and for indemnifying perfons who have aftcd as commiffioners of the land tax, by virtue of eftates of or above a certain value, though the fame were not rated or affeffed at the value of one hundred pounds per annum ; and for limiting a time within which fuits and profecutions jhall be commenced, with refpeft to the qualifications of perfons who Jhall aft as commiffioners of the land tax.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for the further encouragement of the Britilh white herring fijbery.

Preamble re- \&T HERE AS by virtue of on ait of parliament, made in the citing daufes V V twenty third year of the reign of his late majejly King George in ad *3 the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Britijb Geo. *. white herring fiftiery, his faid late Majejly did, by letters patent under the great Jeal of Great Britain, incorporate Jundry perfons by the name of The Society of the free Britijb fifliery, for the purpofe of carrying on and improving the Britifti white herring fijheries: and by the faid aft the faid fociety were impowered, by a voluntaiy fubferip -tion, to raife the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, to be their capital Jlock > and as an encouragement to fuch perfons as Jhould become fubferibers thereto, the fum of three pounds by the year, for each hundred pounds which Jhould be actually employed in the faid fijheries, and proportionably for any greater or lejfer fum, was directed to be paid to the proprietors of the faid Jlock, for and during the fpace offour-teen years from the date of the faid charter, by the receiver general of his Majejly*s cujloms, by equal half yearly payments; provided the faid fociety Jhould employ the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds at leajl in thejaidfijheries, within the fpace of eighteen months from the date of fuch fubfeription: and as a further encouragement to perfons to engage in the faid white herring fijheries, a bounty of thirty Jbil-lings per ton is, by the faid aft, given and made payable, in manner therein mentioned, to the owner or owners of all decked vejfels from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Jhould be built, after the commencement of the faid aft, for the ufe of the faid fijheries, whether by the faid fociety or any other perfon or perfons, in manner, and under the regulations, and upon fuch conditions, as in the faid aft arc mentioned which bounty was to be paid yearly, during the fpace offourteen years from the commencement of the faid aft, and no longer: and

whereas

Digitized by

Google

1765*] Anno quinto Georgii III. c.22.	223

whereas by another aft, made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of Ad *8 Geo.** his faid late Majefiy, the faid allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and alfo thefaid bounty of thirty Jhillings per ton, granted by the faid afts, for the refpeftive terms therein mentioned, were continued for the further term of three year s, to be computed immediately from and after the expiration of the faid refpeftive terms for which the fame were granted as aforefaid: and whereas by another atJ, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, intituled, An ad for allowing a further bounty on all veffels em- k aft jo Geo. ployed in the white herring fifhery, for giving liberty to alter the *• prefent form and fize of the nets ufed in the faid fifhery, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That theJaidbounty of thirty /hillings per ton, by the faid two fevera I aft sgranted and continued for the refpeftive terms of years therein refpeftively mentioned,

Jbould ceafe, determine, and be at an end; and that in lieu thereof a bounty of fifty/billings per ton, on all ve/fels employed in thefaidfi/beries,

Jbould be paid and payable for fuch term and terms of years, to the faid fociety, and fuch other perfons as would have been intitled to the faid bounty of thirty Jhillings per ton, by virtue of or under the faid feveral ails herein before recited, in cafe the faid aft had not been made j and that fuch bounty of fifty Jhillings per ton jbould be paid andpayable at fuch times, and in Juch manner, and by fuch perfon and perfons, and out offucb monies, as the faid bounty of thirty Jhillings per ton is by the faid two feveral afts, or either of them, directed to be paid: and whereas the terms, for which the faid allowance and bounty were refpeftively granted, will expire the twenty fecond day of Odober, one thoufand feven hundred and fexty feven, and the term of the faid charter will not expire until the twenty fecond day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one: and whereas it is necejfary, for the further encouragement of the Britifh white herring fi/beries, that the faid allowance and bounty jbould be continued \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enaded; ana be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid allowance of three pounds per The centum per annum granted by the faid feveral ads, and alfo the cent* per bounty of fifty (hillings per ton granted by the faid ad of the annum, on thirtieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, for the refpec- the capital tive terms therein mentioned, (hall be continued for the further employed bf term of four years, to be computed from and immediately after £nd thebouo-the expiration of the faid refpedive terms for which the famety 0f 5<>g> ^ were refpedively granted as aforefaid; and (hall be paid and pay- ton on the able, for the faid further term of four years, to the faid fociety, veffels em-and to fuch other perfon or perfons as are or may be refpedive-	th**

Iv intitled to the faid allowance, by virtue of or under the faid gra^ted’by (everal ads, in fuch manner, and by fuch perfon and perfons, the recital and out of fuch monies, as the fame are now payable, by vir- contina-tue of or under the faid feveral adst or any of them.	furtherterm

CAP. of 4 years.

Digitized by

[i76S-

Preamble.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

CAP. XXIII.

An ail for granting annuities, to be attended with a tottery, to fatisfy and difebarge certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills; and for charging the payment of fucb annuities on the finking fund.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majeftfs moft dutiful and loyal fubieCls the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, have taken into our ferious confederation the prefent ft ate of the debt of your Majeftfs navy; and being deferous to make feme provifeon towards fetisfaCtion thereof, have refolved, that all per fens interefeed in, or intitled unto, any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the navy or victualling offices, or for tranfports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ftxtyfour, who Jhould, cn or before the twenty fexth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, carry the fame, after havsng bad the inter eft thereupon computed to the fexth day of April following, and marked upon the faid bills at the navy or victualling office respectively, to the office of the treafurer of his Majeftfs navy, Jhould have in exchange for the fame from fucb treafurer, or his paymafter or cajbier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank ^England, for every intire fnm of one or more hundred pounds of which fucb bill or bills, together with the intereft fo marked, Jhould confift, until the feveral intire fums of one or more hundred pounds for which fucb certificates were to be made forth, Jhould amount, together, to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, and alfo one other certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder of fetch bill or bills; and the per-fens who Jhould be poffeffed of fucb firfe-mentioned certificates, Jhould, upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and company, be intitled, in refpeCl of the fame, to certain annuities therein mentioned; but in cafe the feveral intire fums, for which certificates were to be fo granted, Jhould not amount to the fum of one million Jive hundred thoufand pounds, all perfens poffiejfed offuch certificates for fractional parts, or of navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and did not amount, together with the intereft thereupon computed to the fexth day of April following, to one hundred pounds, might, on or before the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, after having had the intereft thereupon marked in fucb manner as was before-mentioned, bring the fame to the office of the trea-furer of his Majeftfs navy, and Jhould have in exchange for the fame from fuch treafurer, or his paymafter or cajhier, a certificate to the faid governor and company for the fums contained in fuch certificates, andfor the amount afthe principal and intereft of which fuch bills Jhould confift ; and upon delivery thereof, and payment of fo much money to the faid governor and company as Jhould, with the fums fo certified, amount to one hundred pounds, Jhould be intitled to the annuities and advantages therein mentioned y and that in cafe the monies fo certified,

ta-

Digitized by CjOOQle

1765*] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.	225

together with the fums paid and payable at the hank of England, with the certificates for Juch fractional parts, and for fuch of the faid bills as, together with the interejl thereupon, did not amount to one hundred pounds ,Jhould not, on the faid fifth day of April, make up the full fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, the monies which Jhould be fo wanting to compleat the fame, Jhould be raifed by contributions, to be received at the bank of in England, in intirefums of one or more hundred pounds, to be paid on or before the eighteenth day of A-pril, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five ; and that the contributors Jhould be intitled, for the monies fo by them advanced, to futh annuities, benefits and advantages, as were to be allowed to the proprietors of the faid certificates: we your Majefty’s faithful Commons do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena<fted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfons, bank^ertifi* and bodies politick or corporate, who have delivered, or (hall cates for the deliver, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entire fum of any certificate or certificates for the intire fum of one or moreone m°[e hundred pounds, fo made out, on or before the faid twenty fixth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; fore*6March, or any certificate or certificates, fo made out, after the faid 17655. twenty fixth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and °r Cr|^cai!f fixty five, and have paid to the faid governor and company fo fams made much money as, with the fum contained in each of the faid out after that laft-mentioned certificates, did amount to one hundred pounds ; time, and and alfo all perfons, and bodies politick or corporate, who have P?y*n£ there-fo paid to the cafhier or calhiers of the faid governor and 90m- ™l^ai make pany, any fum or fums of money, by way of contribution, to up tjie fame complete the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand tool, pounds, fhall, for the monies fo refpc&ively certified, paid, or Pcrf°na

contributed, be intitled to, and have in refpedf of the fame, fuch

* t	7	•	1	a	• vancetf money

annuities or advantages as are herein after appointed ; that is to ta complete

fay, for two fifth parts of fuch monies, an annuity after the rate the fum of

of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament;

for two other fifth parts of fuch monies, or a proportionable annutoes af!°

number of tickets of the value of ten pounds each, in a lottery ter the r2tf

to confift of fixty thoufand tickets, and to be drawn in fuch of 3 b per

manner as is herein after directed; the blanks, after the rate of cent, per ann.

fix pounds each, together with the prizes inTuch lottery, to

attended with the like annuities after the rate of three pounds Monies* and

per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for the re- to a proporti*

maining one fifth part of the faid monies, a like annuity after enable num-

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by^°*^tte7

parliament, with liberty to convert every (hare of fuch laft-men- otheVtwo *

tioned annuities, in right of one hundred pounds capital ftock, fifth parts,

into an annuity for life after the fame rate, with the benefit of with other

furvivorfhip, in manner herein after authorized; all which faid

redeemable annuities (hall be paid at the bank of England; and maderedeem-

ihall commence from the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven able, and to

Vpi. XXVI.	Q*	hundred	commence

‘76,55

and to be paid at the bank half yearly, on 10 Otto.

& 5 April. The firlt payment to be made on io Otto.

Such cerrifi-

226	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	23-’	[*765.

from 5 April hundred and fixty five, and until redemption thereof by parliament (except as herein after direded, with refped to the faid life annuities) be paid and payable to fuch refpedive perfons, and bodies politick or corporate, his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, half-yearly, at two of the moft ufual days of payment in the year (that is to fay) the tenth day of Oftober, and the fifth day of April; the firft payment thereof to become due on the tenth day of Oflober, one thouland feven hundred and fixty five.

.............. II.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further enaded by the autho-

cates for frac- rity aforefaid. That if any of the certificates granted on or before tional fums, the faid twenty fixth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred

redelivered ** anc*	^or	^ra<^lona^	Parts	one	hundred	pounds.

Sec. to the * (hall not have been redelivered, and fubferibed, to the faid trea-treafurer of furer of the navy on or before the fifth day of April, one thou-the navy, by fand feven hundred and fixty five; in every fuch cafe, the faid ar^t^be^aKl certI^cates ^all be paid according to the courfe of the navy, in off. 0 e pam fuch order as the bills, in part of which fuch certificates (hall have been granted, were payable ; and fuch of the faid certifi-and fuch as cates as were granted in part of bills bearing intereft, (hall, from were granted the faid fifth day of Apri\ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty bearinV^ia- S ^vc’ carry *ntere^ a^ter (uch rate as would have been payable in terdt, Ire to refped of the fums mentioned in the faid bills; any thing here-carry intereft, in contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all the after 5 April; faid certificates which (hall not have been fo redelivered to the and the fame trea^urcr bis Majefty’s navy, (hall and may be aflignable by are made af- indorfement thereupon made, until the fame mall be paid in the courfe of the navy as aforefaid ; and that none of the (aid aflign-ments (hall be charged with any (lamp duties whatfoever.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy (hall deliver to the chief calhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company, fuch account or accounts of the certificates fo delivered out, as the faid cafhier or caftiiers (hall think neceflary for his or their in-delivered out. formation.

Annuities IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, made a perfo- That all perfons and corporations intitled to any of the faid re-deemable annuities, and their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors, and affigns refpedively, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and inaefeazible eftates and interefts in the fame, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and (hall be poffefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be dependable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that none of the certificates granted in manner herein mentioned, or of the annuities hereby eftablifh-ed, (hall be fubjed to any taxes, charges, or impofitions whatfoever.

Executors and	And	be	? f^her, enafled_by the authwhy aforefaid,

truftees, &c. a hat every perfoo who was poflefled of any of the laid bills as deliverin g up	executor.

fignable by indorfement. Treafurer of the navy to give an account to the cafliier of the bank,of the certificates

aal eftate.

and not dependable to heirs, See.

and to be tax free.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

I?^5-]	Anno	quinto Georgii III. C. 23;	2ty

executor, adminiftratpr, or truftee, or as guardian of any infant ^ils to the or infants, or as committee of any ideot, lunatick, or perfon of treafurerof unfound mind, or as depoiitary or mortgagee, and hath deliver- nav%* arc cd up fuch bill or bills to the laid treafurer of the navy as afore- f^doin • laid, (hall be and is hereby indemnified for fo doing; and (hall, and are°inu-in refpedt of fuch bill or bills, be intituled to the annuities and tied to the advantages hereby provided ; but in cafe of executors or admi- annuities and niftrators, the annuities which they lhall be fo intitled to (hall a^vidof? be affets in their hands, in like manner as fuch bill or bills were t*hT a£h ^ or would have been if not fo delivered up; and in cafe of guar- The annui-dians, truftees, committees, depofitaries or mortgagees, the an- ties to be nuities to which they tliall be fo intitled lhall be fubjedl and li-able to the fame trufts and equity of redemption refpedtively, as hands ofCexe-fuch bills were or would have been if not fo delivered up.	cutors;

and in truftees hands, to be fubje& to the fame trufts,

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Credit to be That the.faid governor and company of the bank of England, glv^ m . and their fucceffors, or fuch perfon or perfons as they lhall ap- bankVor the point for that purpofe, lhall, and he and they is and are hereby Amis in the refpedtively authorized and required, to give credit, in a book or certificates, books to bfi prepared for that purpofe, for the fum contained in *nd tor every fuch certificate brought or to be brought to him or them, ^ch)mlay,be, and for the fums fo paid and contributed as aforefaid ; and the re- affigned. fpedtive perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whofe credit

fuch fums (hall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, lhall and may have power to affign and transfer all or any part of his, her, Duplicate of or their lhare or proportion thereof, which lhall be then attend- laid books ed with the faid redeemable annuities, to any otljer perfon or^it.^ra”^e perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books receipt of the of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company for exchequer by the time being lhall alfo, on or before the twenty fourth day of nJune>

June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, tranfmit an attefted duplicate fairly written on paper,*of the faid book or books firft herein before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A ..

That the faid annuities payable at the bank of England lhall, barged on from the commencement thereof, bfc charged and chargeable the finking upon, and payable out of, the monies which (hall, from time to fund, time, arife and be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or

for the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fundy after paying, or referving fufticient to pay, all fuch fums of money as have been dire&ed by any former adt . or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That all the monies paid or Monies con* contributed as aforefaid at the bank of England, lhall, by or on tributed at * the behalf of the faid governor and company, be from time to the banJt to time paid into the receipt of the exchequer, within the fpace of1* paid into feven days after notice in writing (hall, on the behalf of the within commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or 7 days after

Q„2	the	notice given f

228

and to be applied by the treafury towards dif- * charging bills payable in the courfe of the navy or victualling offices, made out on or before 30 June, 176+.

Bank to employ a chief clerk and accountant * general.

Anno quinto Georgii HI. C. 23.	[1765.

the high treafurer for the time being, be delivered to the cafhier or caftiiers of the faid governor and company for that purpofe, and (hall be accounted for in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof; and that all the monies fo paid into the (aid receipt, (hall and may be iflued and applied by any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, towards difcharging bills payable in the courfe of the navy or victualling offices, or for tranfports, which were made out on or before the faid thirtieth day of Juno9 one thqufand feven hundred and fixty four; and for the more eafy and fure payment of the faid annuities hereby dire&ed to be paid at the bank of England.

IX. And, for the more effectual execution of this alt, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall, from time to time, until the faid annuities (hall be redeem* ed according to this ad, appoint or employ one or more fuffi-dent perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or caftiiers, and one other fufficient

Monies to be perfon within the fame office to be their accountant general 5 theCfinkingf an<* l^at muc^ t*ie monies, from time to time,’ and at any fund*, from time, ariiing or being in the receipt of the exchequer of or for time’to time the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called to the faid <fke Sinking Fundt as (hall be fufficient, from time to time, to an-nient ofthe^ ^wer t^ie half-yearly payments of the faid annuities, (hall (after annuities jC PaY»ng>or reftrving fufficient to pay, all fuch fums of money as, before the pafling of this ad, (hall have been direded by any o-ther ad or ads of parliament to be paid out of the faid fund) by order of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafhier or caftiiers of the faid governor who is to ap- anc* company of the bank of England and their fucceflors for the ply the fame time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the pay-accordingly, nient of the faid annuities; and that fuch cafhier or caftiiers to accounuhe^e- wllom the faid monies (hall, from time to time, be iflued, (hall of.	" from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame ac-

cordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

Cafhier to X. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authori-gwc lecunty *y aforefaid, That fuch cafhier or cafhicrs (hall give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer, for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer all monies which he or they hath or have received, or (hall receive, in fuch manner as herein before mentioned, and for

accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft * repofed in him or them by this ad.

Accountant XI. And it is hereby alfo enaded. That the faid accountant general to in. general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and Fped the re- examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or caftiiers, ccipu and	and

Digitized by LjOOQle

1765.]	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.	229

and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any payments, /fraud, negligence, or delay.	with the

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,Annuities, in That all the monies to which anv perfon or perfons fhall be in- refpecl of the titled by virtue of this a6t, in refped of the nrft mentioned two firft mention-fifth parts of the faid one million five hundred thoufand pounds, on

which the faid redeemable annuities, after the rate of three pounds	f.

per centum per annum% fhall be attending, fhall, from the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be added to to COnfoli. and made part of the joint (lock of annuities transferable at the dated with the bank of England, into which the feveral fums, reduced from four reduced an-pounds to three pounds per centum per annum, were converted by ^$0^* 5 two ads of parliament, made in the twenty fifth and twenty fixth *1	»	'**

years of his late Majefty’s reign; fubjedl, neverthelefs, to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the laid a<St of the twenty fifth year of his faid late Majcfty’s reign is directed, in reipe<5t of the feveral and refpe&ive fums, or any part thereof, for which the feveral and refpe&ive annuities therein mentioned, or any of them, are payable; Annuities de-and that all the monies to which any perfon or perfons (nail be i£n^ing on intitled by virtue of this a6t, in refped of other two fifth partsthe lottcry* of the (aid one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to be determined by the drawing of the faid lottery, on which the like redeemable annuities fhall be attending, together with fo much of the remaining one fifth part of the laid one million five hundred thoufand pounds, on which the like redeemable annuities withthofethat (hall be attending, as (hall not be exchanged for annuities on fhall not be Jives with the benefit of furvivorlhip, in manner authorized by exchanged for this adt, (hall alfo be added to and made a part of fuch joint (lock, from the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred a°joint and fixty fix, and (hall be fubjedfc to redemption in manner a- ftock. forefaid $ and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he,

(he, or they, (hall be intitled as aforefaid, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Books to be That books (hall be conftantly kept by the faid accountant ge- kept at the neral for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers account,ant of any part or parts of the faid annuities, payable at the bank of j?*”1 England, and of the principal fum in refpedt whereof they were ingaflign-eftab!i(hed, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entries (hall ments and be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall betran^ers* figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers ; or

if any fuch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attor-nies, hereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; and that the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch trans- pcrfons ac-fer (hall be made, (hall refpe&ively underwrite his, her, or tjieircepting fuch acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transfers to transferring any part of the faid annuities or principal fum (hal|

0,3	bean«.	P‘

Digitized by t^ooQle

230	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	23.	[ 176^

be good and available in law, and that no ftanrtp duties whatfo-ever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them. Annuities XIV. Provided always, That all perfons poflefled of any (hare m*y be or intereft in the faid annuities, payable at the bank of England9 butnopay- or any c^ate on i°tereft therein, may devife the fame by will; but nient to be	that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much

made till en- pf the (aid will as relates to, fuch effate, (hare, or intereft, be Jry w’ m^!c °f entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or iuch deyile, devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, or fucceffors.

Bank to incur no difabiiity for what they (hall do under this aft.

No fee to be iaken for certificates, annuities, or transfers,

on penalty of *01. *

Trcafury to reward the per (bn employed in the execution of this tit\; and to defray incidental charges, out of the finking fund 5 with allowances for the chief clerk,

and accountant general, at thedifpofal of governor and company of the bank.

Certificates to be granted at the bank to the proprietors of flock

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank or England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difabiiity for or by reafon of his or their doing of any matter or thing in purfuance of this act.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity* (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s ftibjefts for receiving the faid certificates and monies, or for if-fuing the monies for payment of the faid annuities, or for any transfer to be made in purfuance of this aft, or for any other matter or thing hereby required to be tranfafted or done at the bank of England, upon pain that <&ery perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler; wherein no effoin, proteftion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall have power, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to reward all fuch perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the execution of this aft, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and alfo to defray fuch incidental charges as (hall neceffarily attend the fame, out of the furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and alfo to appoint fuch allowances as they (hall think proper, out of the faid furplufles, ex-cefles, or overplus monies, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, in the receiving the faid certificates and monies, and payment of the faid annuities, and for executing the other trufts hereby in him or them repofed; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general for performing the truft hereby repofed in him ; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid in refpeft to the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon and body politick or corporate, who (hall become poflefled of one hundred pounds or more capital (lock in the redeemable annuities herein before granted, in refpeft of the

one

Digitized by v^ooQle

!

1765.]	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 23.	231

one fifth part of the fums certified, paid, and contributed as '"the rtdeem-aforefaid, (hall, upon application to the (aid ca(hier or cafhiers, annuities, or accomptant general, at any time on or before the fifth day of	April, one	thoufand feven hundred and (ixty fix, be intitled

to receive from fuch cafhier or cafhiers, or accomptant, for every intire fum of one hundred pounds, of which fuch perfon or body politick or corporate (hall be then poffeffed in fuch ftock a certificate under the hand or hands of fuch cafhier or caihiers, or accomptant, directed to the auditor of the receipt of his Ma-jefly’s exchequer, and to be printed or written upon cheque pa-? per, and cut out indentwife through fome flounfh or device to be contrived by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, or accomptant; A diftinfl which certificate (hall contain the hames and additions of fuch j^ficateto refpe&ive proprietors; and the faid cafhier or cafhiers, or ac- every 1001. comptant, is or are hereby required to grant a diftin& certificate to be aflign’-for every fuch one hundred pounds, in manner as aforefaid; able by in-which certificates may be aflignable by indorfement thereon to ^^vritnefled be made, and witnelfed by two perfons, at any time before the before "May, firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty fix; for 17A6.	*

which alignment no (lamp duty (hall be paid: and in o?der to Counterpart prevent the auditor, of the faid receipt from being impofed upon bJ.et^Jue* by any counterfeit or forged certificate, the faid calmer or ca- mittedtothe lhiers, or accomptant, (hall tranfmit to the faid auditor a coun- auditor of the terpart of the cheques of all the faid certificates delivered out by exchequer, them as aforefaid; upon which counterparts (hall be expreiTed the number of the certificate, and the names of the refpe&ive proprietors to whom fuch certificates (hall have been granted.

XIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, certificates to That the faid refpe&ive proprietors, or their executors or ad- be delivered miniftrators, (hall, on or before the fixth day of May, one up at the ex-thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, deliver every fuch certi- ^J?uerbj6 ficate to the faid auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, to be tobeexchang-exchanged for orders to be made out in the manner herein after ed for orders ; appointed; and (hall alfo at the fame time, by writing on the and theper-back of every fuch certificate, name, and in manner herein after |?n* wbofe mentioned, deferibe the perfon for whofe life he, (he, or they, defir-(hall defire to have an annuity, with the benefit of furvivorfhip, as ed, are to be is herein after alfo mentioned; and in cafe any fuch certificate then named; (hall not be delivered to the faid auditor, and fuch nominee be othermfe the appointed on or before the fixth day of May, one thoufand feven [jSannthies hundred and fixty fix, then, and in fuch cafe, every proprietor are forfeited; of fuch certificate (hall forfeit all right and title to any fuch life but the right annuity a$ aforefaid; but upon redelivery of fuch certificate to	m

the faid cafhier or cafhiers, or accomptant, (hall become intitled ,ble roSSi-to ftock in the faid redeemable annuities fo confolidated as afore- dited annui-faid, to the amount'of the fum fo certified, in fuch and the fame ties. fi&U remanner as fuch refpe&ive proprietor would have been intitled in ma*n» cafe fuch certificate had not been taken out; and the faid ca-(hier or cafhiers, or accomptant, is or are hereby required to certificates tq cancel every fuch certificate upon the redelivery thereof.	the bank. ’

$X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Annuities for

0,4	That lives to be

Digitized by ^.ooQle

to commence from 5 April, 1766, and to be paid half yearly, on 10 Oft. and 5

23a	Anno	quinto	GeorgII III. c. 23.	[1765.

paid at the That the faid proprietors, who (hall deliver to the faid auditors exchequer at fuch certificates as aforefaid, and appoint their nominees on or percent.0 31 before the faid fixth day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred with benefit of and fixty fix, (hall be intitled to have and receive, during the furvivorlhip j lives of fuch nominees refpe&ively, an annuity, payable at the exchequer, at the rate of three pounds for every one hundred pounds, fo certified to the faid auditor, to be attended witlf the benefit of furvivorfhip in manner hereafter-mentioned; which faid annuities (hall commence from the fifth day of Aprils one - thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and be payable half year-Firft payment ty* during the lives of the refpeftiye nominees, on the tenth day to bemade on w Oftober, and the fifth day of April, in every year; the firft jo Oft. 1766. payment thereof to become due on the tenth day of Ofiober, one Annuities thoufand feyen hundred and fixty fix; and the annuities payable Sank tmr at t^lc bank.of England, in refpeft of the monies fo converted April, 1766, into life annuities, (hall be paid there to the faid fifth day of itc.	April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and all right

and title to the fame, and the principal fum in refpeft whereof fuch annuity (hall have been payable* (hall from thenceforth ceafe tnd determine.

Adiftinftor- XX. And be it further enafted bv the authority afprefaid, dertobe made That the auditor of the faid receipt ot exchequer (hall, as foon out at the ex- as conveniently may be after fuch certificate or certificates (hall chequer for a be delivered to him, caufe a feparate and dlftinft: order to be life annuity ma(jc dut jn the exchequer for the payment of a life annuity for every one hundred pounds fo certified; which orders (hall be made out upon vellum or parchment, and (hall contain the names, furnames, additions, and places of abode, of the re-fpe&ive proprietors or their afligns, and of their nominees, and the reputed ages and parents of fuch nominees, with other de-feriptions which (hall bed afeertain the perfon of fuch nominees, and alfo the annuity payable during the lives of fuch refpe&ive, nominees; and all fuch orders (hall be figned by the commif-fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being; and, after figning thereof, the fame (hall be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in law, according to the purpofe and true meaning thereof, and of this aft; and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commifiioner or commiflioner$ of the treafury, or high treafurer, nor (hall they or any of them have power to revoke, countermand, or make void, fuch orders fo figned as aforefaid.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid orders (hall be numbered in arithmetical progref-fion, according to the courfe in which the faid certificates (h$ll be delivered to the faid auditor; and the nominees, and the annuities payable upon their lives, (hall be formed by the faid auditor into clafles, e^ch clafs to confift of annuities to the amount of one thoufand five hundred pounds at leaft, in iqanner following; that is to fay. The annuities made payable in refpeft of the firft five hundred orders (halj fprm the firft clafs; the annuities

for every tool certified.

Orders to be numbered arithmetical-iy»

and the no-'minees to be ftxmed into clafles. of ^,500!. each.

Digitized by v^ooQle

233

1765.] Anno quinto Georg 11 III. c. 23.

nuities made payable in refpedt of the fuceeding five hundred orders (hall form the fecond clafs; and fo in like method the annuities made payable by the remaining orders, (hall, according to the numerical courfe of fuch orders, be formed into other clafles, which (hall be numbered in fucceflion, until the feveral annuities, which (hall make up feveral and diftincft fums of one thoufand five hundred pounds, (hall be fo clafled and ranked ; and if, over and above the faid feveral and diftindfc fums of one Supermime-thoufand five hundred pounds, any annuities (hall remain which raryfra&ionai (hall not amount in the whole to one thoufand five hundred pounds, fuch remaining annuities (hall be diftributed amongft,	the

and added to, the feveral clafles, in equal proportions as near as other clafles. may be, fo that the proportion of fuch annuities to be added to the firft clafs, (hall be according to the numerical courfe of the orders immediately fucceeding the orders provided for in the lad of the faid clafles, and fo in like fucceflion with refpedt to the proportions to be added to the fecond and other fubfequent clafles; and if any annuity or annuities (hall remain which cannot be equally apportioned amongft all the faid clafles, in fuch cafe, if there (hall be only an annuity payable in refpedfc of one order, fuch annuity (hall be added to the firft clafs; or if there (hall be more annuities than one, then fuch annuities (hall, according to the numerical courfe of the orders for payment thereof, be added in equal proportions to fuch of the faid clafles as fuch proportions can extend to, beginning with the clafs number one, and proceeding to the next fucceeding clafles, until all ^trt tb the faid annuities (hall be ranked and clafled.	fame

XXII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled by (hall bea no-the authority aforefaid. That if any of the faid proprietors, up- minecin two on their delivering in to the faid auditor any two or more of the g^^rct^rtu faid certificates, whereby one and the fame nominee (hall be ap- auditor, upon pointed, (hall fignify their deflre that the annuities to be paid in reaueft’may refpe# thereof may be placed in different clafles, then, and in poftpone the each and eyery fuch cafe, the faid auditor may poftpone the

making out any order or orders upon the faid certificates, until annu?ties can the fame may be numbered in fuch manner as to be ranked, as be placed in far as may be, in different clafles, according to the defire of the diflerent claf-faid proprietors.	fes, according

XXIII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid,t0 dcfirc* That, from time to time, upon the death of each and every no-m’inee ip each refpe&ive clafs, the annuity or annuities which

(hall have been payable in fuch clafs, during the life of fuch no- nominee, the minee. (hall be equally divided among the reft of the proprie- annuities to tors of the annuities in the fame clafs, during the lives of their be divided a-refpeftive nominees ; and When there (hall be only one furviv- in^he^ ing nominee in any fuch clafs, the perfon or perfons intitled to famc c\^9 tju an annuity or annuities therein upon the life of fuch furvivor, the whole be (hall, during fuch life, have and receive the whole of the an-deternihied. nuities contained in every fuch clafs refpe&ively; and, from time to time, upon the deceafe of fuch furvivor, the annuities payable in fuch refpeftive clafs (ball c$afe and determine; and ^ot

1	in

Digitized by

Google

*$4

Anno quinto GeorGII III. C.

(l765.

ingto jjoool.in cafe the life annuities do become payable in refpe& of the faid certificates, (hall not amount to the fum of

three thoufand

pounds, then the faid annuities (hall be payable and paid with the like benefit of furvivorfhip upon the whole offuch annuities, m like manner as is before provided and dire&ed with refpedfc to thefurvivorftiips in fuch clafles.

XXIV. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That in the offices of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, and clerk of the pells fevefally, there (hall be provided and kept one or more book or books, in which the names of all fuch proprietors and their nominees, during whofe lives refpe&ively the faid annuities (hall be payable, (hall be fairly entered; and aifo a book or smd" their no- books, in which the fevefral clafles, and the names of the per-fons appointed nominees, and the faid annuities, and the names * rre* of the proprietors of fuch annuities in each dafs, (hall be alfo fairly entered ; which books it (hall be lawful for the refpe&ive proprietors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, from time to time to refort to, and to infpedt without fee or reward. Money faffi- XXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, cient for pay- That from and out of the monies compofing the faid fund, comment of the monly called The Sinking Fund (after paying, or referring fuffici-faid annuities ent to pay, all fuch fums of money as, before the pafling of this 00tofthe^** a(^’ ^avekeen dire&ed by any other a& or a&s of parlia-£nki!ur fund, ment to be paid out of the faid fund; there (hall and may be fepa-rated, fet apart, and applied, from time to time, at the receipt of the exchequer, fuch fums of money as (hall be neceflfary for payment of the faid annuities upon lives, in manner as afore-faid.

XXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch proprietor, or his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, at any time during or her nominee or nominees, by proper words of rej*CTiven° aflignrnent to incj0rfed on his, her, or their order or orders, to be witnefled by two perfons, to affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit, of fuch order or orders, to any other perfon or perfons; which being notified in the office of entered at the au<htor of the faid receipt of the exchequer, the officers exchequer, there (hall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of regiftry for fuch orders, without fee or charge; and after fuch entry made, fuch affignment (hall intitle fuch aflignee or affignees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignec or affignees may, in like manner, affign again, and fo totics quotics; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall make fuch affignment, to make void, rcleafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof; and for which affignment no ftamp duty ihall be paid.

Th . XXVII. And, for preventing all frauds in receiving the faid not\pp«ring annuities, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That perionally at every proprietor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, affigns, or the time	agent^

with like be nefit of fur-vivorihip.

Books to be kept at the exchequer and pells for entering the names of the proprietors

fpe&ive claf-

finking fund.

Orders made aflignahle during the lives of the

fuch alignments to be

Digitized by

I765-1 Anna quinto Georgii III. c. tj.	*35

agents, Upon demand of any half-yearly payment of his or her demanding refpedttve (hares of the (aid annuities (unlels the nominee appears ^ in peifon at the faid receipt) (hall produce a certificate of the tJePannuity, life of his, her, or their relpe&ive nominee, (igned by the mini- a certificate fter and churchwardens of the pari(h where fuch nominee (hall of his life is to be then living upon the day when the faid half-yearly payments *° be pro-(hall become due, if fuch nominee (hall be then refiding in thatducc * part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales ^ or town orattefted up* of Berwick upon Tweed; or otherwife, it (hall and may be law- on oath, fill to and for every fuch proprietor, his or her executors, admi-niftrators, or affigns, at his or her election, to make oath of the truth of his or their refpedtive nominee’s life upon the day when the faid half-yearly payments (hall become due, before one or more of the juftices of the peace of the refpedtive county, riding, city, town, or place, wherein fuch perfon, at the time of making of fuch oath, (hall retide; and in like manner, every fuch proprietor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, affigns, or agents, whofe nominee (hall refide in any town or place, being extra-parochial, upon the day when any of the faid half-yearly payments (hall become due, (hall make a like oath before any fuch juftice or juftices aforefaid of the life of fuch nominee on that day (which oaths the faid juftice or juftices of the peace is or are hereby impowered to adminifter) and fuch juftice or juftices (hall befiiedL^^ make a certificate thereof; for which oath and certificate no fee or reward (hall be demanded or paid; and the faid certificate (hall be filed in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Penalty of faid, That if any perfon (hall be guilty of a falfe oath, or (hall

forge any certificate touching the premifles, and be thereof law- forging a cer-fully convicted, fuch perfon (hall incur the pains and penalties tificate. infli&ed upon perfons committing wilful petjury and forgery.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Certificates That in cafe any nominee (hall, at tfie time of fuch demand, with refpeft be refident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the to nominees kingdom of Ireland» and any one or more of the barons of the scotlanVor exchequer there for the time being (hall certify, that, upon Ireland, proof to him or them made (which proof he and they is and

“ are hereby authorized and required to take in a fumraary way) it doth feem probable to him or them, that the faid nominee is living (which certificate is to be given on examination made without fee or charge) the faid certificate, being filed as afore- . faid, (hail be a fufficient warrant for making the faid half-yearly payment to the refpe6tive proprietors, their executors, aidmi-niftrators, or affigns; and in cafe any fuch nominee (hall, at the or \n partJ time of fuch demand, be refident in any parts beyond the feas, beyond the the refpe<5tive proprietors of all fuch orders, or their agents, (hall f«w* by whom produce certificates of the life of his, her, or their refpedtive no- to ** minees under the hand of the Britijh minifter refiding at the place where any fuch nominee (hall be living upon the day when the half-yearly payment (hall become dye) which certificates

(hall

Digitized by LaOOQle

236	Anno	quinto	Gborgii	III.	c.	23.	[1765.

(hall be given without fee or reward; and in cafe no Britijb minifter (hall refide at the place where any fuch nominee (hall live, then the faid proprietors of fuch orders or fuch agents (hall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpe&ive * nominees under the hand and feal of the chief magiftrate of qny city, town, or place, where any fuch nominee (hall be then living, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due as aforefaid: and fuch proprietors, agent or agents, (hall alfo annex to every fuch certificate an affidavit to be made before one or more of the barons of the exchequer, that he or they do believe that fuch certificate is true; which certificate and af-

fidavit being filed as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient warrant for Perfonsknow-making the faid half-yearly payment to the refpe&ive proprie-_ ■ngly recciv- tors, or their agent or agents : and if any perfon or perfons (hall beyond the** rccc*vc onc or more halfi-yearly payment or payments upon his, deaths of her,or the*r annuity or annuities lor any time beyond the death their nomi- of his, her, or their nominee or nominees when the fame ought nees, forfeit to ceafe, fuch perfon or perfons knowing fuch nominee or nomi-receive^and1 nccs’t0 ** dead, foaH forfeit treble the value of the monies (b 5001. * by him, her, or them received, and alfo the fum of five hun-One moiety dred pounds; whereof onc moiety (hall go to his Majefty, his to the King, heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them to thehprofe-Cr w^°	^uc ^or t^ie fame» by a&ion of debt, bill, fuit, or in-

cutor, formation; in which noeffoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, injundion, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. Deaths of XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, nominees to That every proprietor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or withinone a®'l6ns> within one month next after notice of the death of his, month, to the her, or their refpective nominee or nominees, (hall certify fuch exchequer, death to the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer for the time and the order being; and (hall alfo, within three months, after fuch notice, nu*itthto"bB deliver or caufe to be delivered up to the faid auditor, his, her, delivered up or l^eir order or orders, by which he, (he, or they, was and within three were intitled, during the life of fuch nominee, to any (hare of months after; the faid annuities, in cafe fqch order or orders be in his, her, or their hands or power; and in default thereof, fuch proprietor, the prole^ ° his or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall forfeit cutor.	the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action of debt as a-

forefaid, and to be had and received for the ufe of any perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

Annuities made tax free, and to be deemed a perfon al eftate, &c.

Such half year's payment as is neglected to be demanded until within %q days be-

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever, and (hall be deemed a perfonal eftate; and in all cafes, where the fame do not depend on the proprietor’s own life, (hall go to his executors and adminiftrators, and not be defcendable to heirs.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any proprietor of any fuch life annuity, who (hall be intitled to receive any half-yearly payment thereof, (hall at any time neglect to demand the fame, until within twenty days before the expiration of one year from the time when fuch payment (hall have becotne due, he (hall forfeit fuch half-year-

Jy

Digitized by Google

*7^5*3 Anoo quinto GeoRGII III. c.23.	237

ly payment fo negle&ed to be demanded; and the fame (hall be fore theexpi. divided amongft the proprietors of annuities in the lame clafs, ration of the as if the nominee for the annuity, in refpelt whereof fuch de- >* for-fault (hall be made, had been dead, and to, from time to time, of*the upon every default.	other annui.

tants in the fame clafs.

XXXIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That if fuch proprietor

fhall afterwards make a demand in due time, in manner as following half aforefaid, for any following half-yearly payment, fuch proprie- year’s divi-tor (hall, for the future, have his (nare of the faid annuities, as if dend,duly de-fuch default had not been made.	thC

XXXIV.	And, to the intent it may appear and be afcer-

tained upon every half-yearly payment, unto and amongft what Account to be -■perfons, and in what proportions, the faid annuities are to be made up half-diftributed; be it enaded, That in the faid office of auditor of °^tiie the receipt, every half-year,, within twenty days before the re- nfinee*? fpedtive days of payment, there fhall be made up an account of the defaults of the faid nominees whofe deaths are come to knowledge, and of thofe not de-the feveral proprietors who have made default in making demand manding their as aforefaid, that fo the reft of the proprietors may have the ad- dmdcn *• vantage thereof.

XXXV.	And whereas it may fo happen that, in procefs of time, feveral of the (landing orders may be loft, burnt, or de-ftroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many affignments thereon, and h may be neceflary that

new orders fhould be made forth in lieu thereof; be it therefore New orders enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all or any the faid ** cafes, any three or more of the commiffioners of thetreafury, “ A^Hbe* or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall, and he or they certified to be is or are hereby impowered, from time to time, upon certificate loft, burnt, or under the hand of the lord chief baron, or any other of the deftroyed s barons of the coif of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, that he or they is or are fatisfied, by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any fuch order or orders have been loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, to caufe new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be figned by him or them, in lieu of fuch orders fo certified to be loft, burnt, or deftroyed; and the refpedlive officers in the faid exchequer are hereby directed to pay the and the inte-intereft, which (hall, from time to time, become due on fuch reft to be duly new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; Pajd thereon $ and all fuch payments (hall be allowed in their refpe&ive accounts ; provided that the perfon or perfons, intitled to receive the intereft due upon any fuch order or orders, do give fecurity to the King, to the good liking of the perfon appointed to pay u's ecun ** the fame, for paying into the exchequer, for the ufe of the publick, fo much money as (hall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders, fo certified to be loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, be thereafter produced; and the faid commiffioners of the New Handing treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall alfo ordfre maX ** have power to caufe new (landing orders to be made forth for hCu of foch as

and (hall be defaced.

Digitized by Google

aj8	Anno	quinto	Geokgii	III.	c.	23;'	[1765;

and in lieu of fuch orders as (hall become defaced, obliterated. Old orders to or otherwife incumbered as aforefaid % which faid order or or-be cancelled j ^ers ^ at famc time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders, to be made out in lieu thereof, (hall be made payable, and delivered to the perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the .faid order or orders, fo to be delivered up and cancelled, at the time of fuch delivery as aforefaid ; and the auditor of the receipt as aforefaid (hall always take care, that fuch entries or memorandums be Sootingtheir ma<*c uP°n ^ new orc*ers> as may denote their being made being in lieu in heu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbered, or otherwife ~ ‘ ~ defective orders, cancelled, and as may fecure the publick a-gainft any double payments, for or by reafon of the making out or iffuing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

XXXVI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft and affift in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, given by fuch cafhier or cafhiers, or any order or orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in purfuance of this prefent aft, or any afli^nment or aflignments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difeharge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any fuch order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, to transfer, aflign, alien, or % convey any fuch order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof; or (hall forge or or proprietors counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or know-names, ingly or wilfully aft or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting the name or names of any of the proprietors of any fuch order or orders, in or to any fuch pretended afligninent or aflignments, receipt, letter of attorney, certificate, inftrument, or authority ; or (hall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the faid orders, and thereby aflign, or endeavour to aflign, any of the faid orders; or receiving or cn^.ceivc> orcndeavour to receive, the money of fuch true and law-deavouring to fal proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true and lawful receive his	owner thereof;	then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch

money, perfon and perfons, being thereof lawfully convifted in due form without bene- *aw* ^ ^judged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer <leath fit of clergy.' as *n ca^cs °f felony, without benefit of clergy, offi taki XXXVIL And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, any^for^orwhatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken by any of-payment of ficer of the exchequer for paying the faid life annuties, or any the annuities, of them; or for the entry of any affignment thereof, to be or entry of af- made in purfuance of this aft, or for any thing hereby direfted ugnments,&c. tQ ^ (jone at tke exchequer, upon pain that any perfon offending by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, to forfeit sol. (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pound? and mifapply- to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit 5 and in cafe the iog any ot the officers of the exchequer (hall mifapply or divert any of the monies

and an entry made on the new orders.

of thofe cancelled.

Penalty of forging any certificate.

Order,

affignment,

receipt,

letter of attorney, &c.

or of perfo-nating a proprietor, or falfly re-

■ Digitized by L^OOQle

1765.]	Anno quinto Georgii HI. (i. 23.	239

nics to be paid into the exchequer upon this aor (hall pay or monies, or iffue out of the fame, otherwise than according to the intent of	not

this a<5t, or (hall not keep fuch books, regifters, or make en- oms tries, and do and perform all other things which by this a6t they are directed and required to do and perform, every fuch offender to forfeit ius (hall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any of- place,.aad be fice or place of truft whatfoever; and if the proprietor of any fuch annuity (hall any ways fuffer thereby, he (hall be intitled fering thereby to treble damages againft iuch officer or officers, with full cods intitled to of fuit, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or in- trcb,e darna-formation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlmtn-	fuU

fiery wherein no effoin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law, injundtion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XXXVJII. Provided always, and be it enadled. That in cafe Officer not to any officer of the exchequer (hall make payment of any (hare or (hares of the faid annuities upon lives upon any fuen certi-abilSyfbr1 ” ficate or certificates as aforefaid, fuch officer (hall not incur any payment of penalty, forfeiture, or difability, though the faid certificate be annuities up-forged or falfe, or the faid nominee be dead, unlefs the faid of- * **lfc ccr~ ficer did know, at the time of fuch payment, that the faid no-minee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe, the fame to be XXXIX, And, for eftablifhing a proper method for drawing falfe, the faid lottery, be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid.

That fuch perfons as the commilfioners of his Majefty’s trea- Managerial**

fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea-

furer, or any three or more of the commilfioners of the treafury b/ap^nt^

for the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, (hall be managers by then**-

and dire&ors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to fury,

overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform*

fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this adt

diredted and appointed by fuch managers and directors to be

done and performed; and that fuch managers or directors (hall

meet together, from time to time, at fome publick office or place,

for the execution of the powers and trufts in them repofed by

this adt; and that the faid managers and diredtors, or fo many Method of

of them as (hall be prefent at any fuch meeting, or the major *hc J°ttcr7

{>art of them, (hall caufe books to be prepared, in which every book*# eaf (hill be divided or diftinguilhed into three columns; and . upon the innermoft of the faid three columns there (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets, to be numbered one, two, three, and fo onwards in an arithmetical progreflion, where the common excefs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of (ixty thoufand ; and upon the middle column in every of the faid books lhall be printed fixty thoufand tickets of the fame breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there (hall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thofe of the other two columns; Which tickets (hall feveraliy be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books (hall be joined with oblique lines, flouri(hes, or devices, irf fuch manner as the faid managers and 4 directors, or the major part of them, lhall think moft fafe and i	con-

Digitized by

Google

240	Anno	quinto	GeoRGH	III.	c. 23.	[176$.

convenient •, and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the faid books (hall have written or printed thereupon (befides the number of fuch ticket) words to this effect:

LOTTERY, Anno one tboufand /even hundred and

fixty five.

THIS ticket will intitle the bearer thereof to fix pounds, or to a better chance, in annuities, at the rate of three pounds per centum, eftablijhed by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of his Majejtfs reign, and transferable at the bank of England.

XL. And it is hereby enadted, That the faid managers and Managers to diredtors, or fo many or them as (hall be prefent at fuch meet-exanune the ing, or the major part of them then prefent, (hall cat^fully exbooks with amine all the (aid books, with the tickets therein, and take care tl'atdCrCt5* that kme contrived, numbered, and made, according them after to t0 truc ^ntent ar|d meaning of this adl ; and (hall deliver, or the calhiers of caufe to be delivered, the fame books, and every or any of them, the bank, tak as they (hall be examined, to the calhier or ca(hiers of the gover-fn*thrf€C,pt nor aru* comPany °f the bank of England, taking from fuch or e arac. cafhicr or calhiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his or their receipt of fuch ,	book or books and fo many tickets therein as (hall be delivered

to him or them refpedtively; and all and every fuch cafhier or calhiers refpedlively is and are hereby directed and required, from time to time, to cut out of the faid book or books fo to be put into his or their cuftody, through the faid oblique lines, flourifh-es, or devices, indentwife, in the faid extreme columns, fuch tickets as (hall be neceffary to be delivered to the fcvcral perfons intitled thereto as aforefaid; which tickets the faid calhier oncalhiers (hall fign with his or their own name or names; and he or they (hall permit the refpedtive perfon or perfons fo intitled, if it be defired, to write his or her name or mark on the correfponding ticket in the fame book ; and at the fame time the faid calhier or calhiers (hall deliver to fuch perfon or perfons the ticket fo cut off, which he, (he, or they, are to keep and ufe for the better afeertaining and fecuring the intereft which he, (he, or they, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or a(Ii|ns, (hall or may have in the (aid annuities.

XLI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Calhiers to That the faid calhier or calhiers, on or before the twenty fixth return the day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, (hall books with re-deliver to the faid managers and directors, at their faid office the remainder or place of meeting, all the faid books, and therein all the tick-of the tickets. cts	t[le	fajd	calhier	or	(hall	not	have	cut out of the fame.

XLII. And be it further enadted, That the faid managers Tickets of the and directors, or the major part of them, which (hall be prefent middle co- at a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe all the tickets of the twiddle columns in the books made out with three columns faftenedPwith „as aforefaid, which (hall be delivered back to them, by or lilkj	"from the faid calhier or calhiers as aforefaid, to be carefully

rolled up and made fall with thread or (ilk; and the faid

managers

Digitized by

Google ,

1765.]	Anrtoquinto GeoRGH IIL e. 23.	241

managers or dire&ors, 01* the major part of them as aforefaid, and cut off (hall* in their prefence, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will be there, caufe all the faid tickets, which are JJJ Jifcd°with to be fo rolled up and made faft as aforefaid, to be cut off indent- the letter (A) wife through the faid oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is prefently to be put up into another ftrong box, and to be locked with feven different locks and keys* to be ^	„

kept by as many of the faid managers, and fealed with their up feals, or the feals of fome of them, until the faid tickets are to fealed. be drawn, as is herein after mentioned ; and that the tickets in the firft or innermoft columns of the faid books, (hall remain ftill in the books for difcovering any miftake or fraud (if any fuch fhould happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this alt.

XLIII. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Books to be That the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, PreParod WIt“ which (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid* (hall alfo each of which

!>repare, or caufe to be prepared, other books in which every 60,000 ticket* eaf fhall be divided or diftinguifhed into two columns; and to be printed* upon the innermoft of thofe two columns there (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets, and upon the outermoft of the faid two columns there (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets, all which (hall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the faid books (hall be joined with fome flourifh or device, through which the outermoft tickets may be Cut off indentwife: and that eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of thofe to be contained in the outer-moft columns of the books laft-mentioned, (hall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits (hall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the faid managers and diredb-ors, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be prefent at a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwife exprefled, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to ^he number fay, upon two of them feverally ten thoufand pounds principal and value of money; upon two of them feverally five thoufand pounds the fortunate principal money; upon every one of four of them feverally, tickets, two thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of tea of them feverally, one thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred of them feverally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of two hundred and one of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eleven thoufand fix hundred and fix ot them feverally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal fums, fa to be written, or otherwife expreflled upon the faid fortunate tickers, together with five hundred 500i. t0 tjje pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the firft firft drawn drawn ticket, and one thoufand pounds principal money to the ticket, and owner of the laft drawn ticket, over and above the benefits .V?®}-,t0 ,h*i Voi.XXVI.	R	whichlaftdrawn'

Digitized by LjOOQle

242	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	III.	C.	23.	[1765^

-which may happen to belong to the two laft mentioned tickets, and, together with the fum of fix pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the faid lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal fum of fix hundred {houfand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue Tickets of the of this a<51 in refpeft of the faid lottery; and the faid managers outermoft co- an<i <ijreftors, or the major part of them, who (hall be prefent ^mentionedat a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe all the faid tickets, con-book tobe tained in the outermoft columns of the faid lad-mentioned books, rolled up and to be, in the prefence of the faid managers and directors, or the ticd»	major part of them, which (hall be prefent at a meeting as a-

forefaid, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers and cut out as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with indentwife, thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indentwife through the faid int0.a^°x., flourilh or device, into another box, to be prepared for this pur-th^letteiT(B) P°^e> anc*to mal’lced with the letter (B), which box (hall be Box to be ^ put into another ftrong box, and locked up with (even different locked up and locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the faid managers, foaled. and feaie(i Up with their feals, or the feals of fome of them, until thefe tickets (hall alfo be drawn in the manner and form herein after mentioned; and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the faid boxes the faid tickets, and locking up and fealing the faid boxes, (hall be performed by the faid managers and directors, or fuch of them as aforefaid, before the laft fix days immediately preceding the day by this aft appointed for the drawing the faid lottery : and to Publick notice the end every perfon concerned may be well affured that the times o!f put- countcrPart of the fame number with his or her ticket is put in-ting the tick-to the box marked with the letter (A) from whence the fame ets into the may be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby diboxes. refted, fome publick notification in print (hall be given of the precife time or times of putting the faid tickets into the faid boxes, to the end that fuch adventurers, as (hall be minded to , fee the fame done, may be prefent at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- XLIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, gin drawing That on or before the eighteenth day of November, one thou-on 18 Nov. fand feven hundred and fixty five, the faid managers and direft-ors (hall caufe the faid feveral boxes, with all the tickets therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, fo that the fame may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpofe, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the fame day. Method to be and (hall then and there feverajly attend this fervice, and caufe ©bferyed in the two boxes containing the faid tickets, to be feverally taken drawing, &c. out 0f the other two boxes, in which they (hall have been locked up; and the tickets or lots in the refpeftive innermoft boxes being, in the prefence of the faid managers and direftors, or fuch of them as (hall be then prefent, and of fuch adventurers as will be there for the fatisfaftion of themfelves, well (haken and mingled in each box diftinftly* fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and direfted by the faid managers, •r the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be then 6	prefent.

Digitized by v^ooQle

243

17^5-3	Anno	quiQto	GeoRGH	III. c. 23.

prerent, (hall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the faid numbered tickets (hall be as aforefaid 4>ut; and one o-ther indifferent or fit perfon, to be appointed and directed in like manner, (hall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the faid eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thoufand and fifty five blank tickets (hall be promif-cuoufiy put as aforefaid; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn (hall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, (hall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the faid blank at the fame time drawn, (hall both he put upon one file; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal fum written upon fuch fortunate ticket, whatfoever it be, (hall be entered by a clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall employ and ovcrfee for this purpofe, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the faid fortunate tickets, and the principal fums whereunto they (hall be intitled refpedively, and two of the faid managers (hall fet their names as witnefles to fuch entries; and the faid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, (hall be put upon another file ; and fo the faid drawing of the tickets (hall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more for the lad drawn as aforefaid,

(hall be completely drawn; and as the fame cannot be perform- After each ed in one day’s time, the faid managers and directors (hall caufe 8t^^“ e the boxes to be locked up and fealed in manner as aforefaid, and i^ked** adjourn till the next day, and fo from day to day, and every Up and fealed. day (except Sundays, Chriftmas-day, thanklgiving and fall days) and then open the fame, and proceed as above, till the faid whole npmber of eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, (hall be completely drawn as aforefaid; and afterwards the faid numbered tickets fo drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn againft the fame, (hall be and remain* in a ftrong box locked up as aforefaid, and under the cuftody of the faid managers, until they (hall take them out to examine, adjuft, and fettle the property thereof.

XLV. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether ab- Numbers of fent or prefent, to what degree they have been fo 5 be it enabled,	and*

That the faid managers (hall, as foon as conveniently may be, tbc fUI^s> to after the faid drawing is over, caufe to be printed and publilhed be printed, the number of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate ticket, and the principal fum written on the fame; and if any conten- Deputes re-tion or difpute (hall arife in the adjufting the property of the faid ad^ufted fortunate tickets, the major part of the faid managers agreeing the^na-C therein, (hall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: mgers.

R 2	and

Digitized by

Google

244

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be fwom.

The oath.

CaGiier, on receiving the refidue of the fums fub-feribed,

to give receipts for the fame,

Anno quinto Georgii III. 0.23,	[ 1765

and if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit any ticke or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this adt, or alter any the number thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of, or offer to difpofe of, any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or mall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of them, or to the cafhier or caftiiers, or accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other perfon or perfons what-foever with *a fraudulent intention; then every fuch perfon or perfons being thereof convidted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a telon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony,, without benefit of clergy: and the faid managers and diredtors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to caufe any perfon or perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majefty’s gaol of Newgate, or to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft for the faid felony according to law.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon that (hall be appointed as aforelaid to be a manager and diredtor for putting this adt in execution, before his adting in fuch commiffion, (hall take the oath following; that is to fay,

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be dravun in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of his Majefiy’s reign9 do fwear9 That I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me9 and that I will not ufe any indireft art or meansy or permit or dire ft any perfon to ufe any indireft art or means y to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf or any other perfon whatfoever \ and that I will do the utmofi of my endeavour to prevent any undue or finijler praftice to be done by any perfon whatfoever; and that I will to the bejl of my judgement declare to whom any prizey lot, or ticket, of right does belongs according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft.

Which faid oath (hall and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and diredtors.

* XLVII. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid cafilier or caftiiers, having giving fecurity as aforefaid, at any time or times, before fuch cafilier or cafiiiers (hall have received any book or books from the faid managers, comprehending the faid fixty thoufand tickets as aforefaid, in three columns as aforefaid, and he or they is or are hereby required to give a note, under his or their hand or hands, for the delivery of tickets to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be intitled thereto; and (hall be obliged thereby, and by this adt, to give

the

Digitized by LaOOQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c.23.	24g

the bearer of every fuch note fuch number as (hall be therein the bearers mentioned of tickets/ of the extream column of the three co- jntitled to one lumns book or books aforefaid, as foon as he or they (hall be enabled thereunto, bv delivery of any fuch book or books to fubferibed. him or them from tne (aid managers as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed by the au- Managers,kc. thority aforefaid. That out of the monies compofing the fund,be paid by commonly called The finking fund, it (hall and may be lawful fionewof the to and for any three or more of the commiffioners of the trea- treafury out fury, or the nigh treafurer for the time being, to reward the of the lottery faia managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be money, employed by and under them, and any other officers and perfons that (hall and maybe any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to difeharge fuch incident expences as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of this aCt, in fuch manner as any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this aCt contained	«

to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That no perfon or perfons (hall fell the chaqce or chances of any ^le of ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or any (hare or (hares of any chanccf> ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day or part of a day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or (hall receive any money whatfoever in confideration of the repayment of any turn or turns of money, in cafe any ticket of tickets in the faid lottery (hall prove fortunate j or mall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of fuen ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which (hall have been received by fuch perfon and perfons, contrary to the true intent and meaning ot this aCt; to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminfier; in which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and every fuch fate, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto,

(hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

L. And be it further **enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons felling That if any perfon or perfons ftudl keep any office or offices, or inf (hall print or publilh any fcheme or propofal, for receiving any which* hey are fum or fums of money in confideration of any intereft to be not poOdied, granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets in the ftid lottery, whereof fuch perfon or perfons (hall not then be actually pofleu-ed, or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be re*

*3	paid

Digitized by ^ooQle

24-6

land againil atts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punifli-able,

and may be fued for in Dublin.

After the

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 23.	[1765.

paid in cafe any ticket, or number pf tickets, in the faid lottery, which (hall not be in the a&ual poffefiion of fuch perfon or per-fons, (hall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds ; to be recoverecUby adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefiy’s courts of record at Wejlmin-fier ; in which no effoin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and alfo (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprize.

Offences com- LI. And be' it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, mitted in Ire- That if any offence againft this adl, or any of the adts of parliament made in this kingdom for preventing private and unlawful lotteries, (hall be committed in Ireland, the offender (hall incur the like penalty and punilhment to be. inflidted in like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and that fuch penalties as, by this adt, or any of the faid adts, are diredted to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler^ (hall, in cafe of offences committed againff this adt or any of the faid adts in Ireland, be recovered in any of hi$ Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

LI I. And to the end that all and every the payments, as well drawin of uPon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more the lottery,the ea*ity afeertained, fettled, and adjufted, for the perfons who (hall tickets to be become intitled thereunto; be it further enadted by the autho-exchanged for rity aforefaid. That as foon as conveniently may be after the certificate^, drawing of the faid lottery (hall be completed and ended, all and every the faid tickets to be given out as aforefaid, (hall be exchanged for certificates to be (igned by fuch of the faid managers as (hall be appointed for that purpofe.

Managers to LlII. And be it further enadied, That fuch of the faid ma-give notice of nagers as any three or more of the commiflioners of the trea-takin^/the	or	tne	treafurer	for the time being, (hall appoint to

tickets1 and6 ta^e in	tickets,	and	deliver out the faid certificates for

delivering out and in lieu thereof, (hall give timely notice, by advertifement to be printed and publithed in manner as they (hall thirik fit, of the days and times for taking in the faid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates* for and in lieu of the fame; and every perfon’s certificate (hall be numbered in courfe, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers fo to be appointed for exchanging the fame; to which purpofe, fuch managers (hall enter, or caufe to be entered, into a book or books to be by them kept for termg perfons that purp0fe, the name of every perfon who (hall bring any ticket names, or tjcjcets t0 be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and and the mim- the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which (hall be her of their fo brought by fuch perfon or perfons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of o\\r Lord, when the fame was fo brought, which book and books fhall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking ii*

the

the certifi cates, &c.

Books to be kept for en-

tickets, See.

■Digitized by Lj ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c.23.	247

the faid tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all per- c fons concerned to perufe; all which certificates fhall be figned be figned* by the managers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them,	9

and be direded to the accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being.

LIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Accomptant That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the general to time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be directed as fh£cp%cipal aforefaid, mall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, fums jn or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in a certificates, book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate; and the perfons to A(r whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be entered in the faid maybemade book of books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, of the faid fucceffors, and afligns, fhall and may have power to affign or fums, See. transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general; and the faid principal fums fo affigned or transferred fhall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be taken and deemed to be flock tranf-ferrable by virtue of this ad, until the redemption thereof in manner herein mentioned; and the faid accomptant general of Certificates to the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized ** *nd and direded to cancel and file the certificates, as they fhall from	^an

time to time be received and taken in by him; and to give the given in lieu perfons bringing in the fame a note under under his'hand, te- thereof, ftifying the principal money for which they fhall have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued, molefled, or pro-fecuted, for any thing done, by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general ifTue, General iffue. and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a vefdid fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adion or adions, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or de-fendants fhall have treble cofls awarded to him, her, or them, Trtblc cofts* againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

R.4

SCAP.

Digitized by

Google

Mno quinto Georgii III. c. *4;	[	1765;

CAP. XXIV,

An aft to oblige agents for prize money to account for fucb fums of money as remain in their bands unclaimed, the property of any of his Majeftys land forces $ and for the application thereof

Preamble.	\KJ HERE AS feveral fums of prize moneys the property of

VV his Majejly's land forces, remain unclaimed, in toe hands of the feveral agents, and no proyifion is made for the dijlribution of the fame; may it pleafe vowr Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enadted by the Kins’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual apd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Commiflioners thority of the fame. That the colonels, for the time being, of and feuHngDS the regiments which were employed in any fervice during the the accounts late war, where the captures became the property of his Maje-of prize mo- fty’s land forces; the adjutant general of his Majefty’s forces Wdueto for the time being, the right honourable the lord vifeount Bar-landfww.5 rmiton m the kingdom of Ireland, the honourable cobnel WiU Ham Howe, Peter Burr el efquire, colonel John Burgoyne, and colonel Ifaac Barrey fhall be, and they are hereby declared tQ be, commiflioners for the examining, ftadng, ana fettling, al{ accounts of fuch prize money due to any of his Majefty’s land forces, and fo remaining unclaimed in the hands of any agent or agents.

Power given II. And, for the better enabling the faid commiflioners to them to fum- examine, (late, and fettle, fuch accounts, be it further enabled -ntbea- by tjie authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to gcn 9 c* and for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, to fummon before them, at fuch time and place as in and by the faid writing (hall be exprefled, any agent or agents, or other perfon concerned in the receipt of to produce	fuch prize money as aforefaid; and to order fuch refpedtive a-

aewunts^and 8cnts to Produce, upon oath, all books, accounts, and vouch-vouchers* on	ers> neceflary for the information of the faid commiflioners in

oath s *	the premifles: and if any agent, or other perfon, (hall refufe to

comply with fuch fummons, or to produce luch refpedtive books, inform^ioniii accounts> or vouchers, as aforefaid, and to give the commif-the%7emi<fes; Goners fuch information, upon oath, as he is able, in the pre-which they are mifles; every fuch agent or fuch other perfon (hall, for every to obey, on fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; penalty of t0 be recovered and applied in manner herein after-mentioned.

*	III.	And	be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

th^accountf, That w^en thc ^ accounts of unclaimed prize money (hall be the agents * adjufted and fettled, the faid agents, in whofe hands the fame are to pay fhall appear to be, (hall immediately pay over the (aid unclaim-over the mo- ed prize money into the hands or the faid commiflioners, or "omm°<Uers/“ch ot^r perfon or perfons as thev, or any three or more of or their or- them, (hall order and direct; who (hall immediately, or asfoon 4crj * thete&fter as conveniently njay pay fuch part of the prize

money

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. 0. 25.	249

money, fo remaining unclaimed in each company, to the r6- who are to re-fpedive perfons who were captains of the feveral companies, to {^thecaptain* whom fuch prize money (hall appertain, at the time of the fur- 0f t^c fCvcral render of the place at which fuch prize money was acquired5 companies; or, in cafe of the death of fuch captains, or any of them, then or, in cafe of fiich prize money (hall be paid to the widows, or heirs at law, ^^st®rthe pf fuch captains refpedively, whofe refpcdive receipts thfereof ]Jcjr8 at \zw (hall be a difcharge to the faid commifiioners for the fame; and of fuch cap-fuch captains, captains widows, or heirs at law, (hall and are tains; hereby required, upon demand thereof made by the feveral ^^ute the ^’ perfons intitled to the refpedive (hares of any prize money in rameUamong their hands, their heirs, executors, or adpiiniftrators, to pay the refpedive over fuch (hare of the faid prize money to fuch perfons b inti- perfons intitled to the fame: and if any difpute (nail arife concerning the th%cto‘ diftribution of the faid prize money, fuch difpute (hall be deter- t °dcteVmine mined by the commifiioners, or any three or more of them; difpute* arif-whofe determination (hall be final.	ing thereup^

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- on * rity aforefaid. That t^faid commifiioners lhall, and they are JjJjjJ®' hereby impowered, oi^fcf any money which (hall come to their th^pnae hands of fuch unclaimed prize money, in the firft place, to fa- money tisfy and difcharge all fuch expences as (hall arife to any perfon the expences pr perfons employed by them in fettling the faid accounts, and

all other reafonable expences attending the execution of this ad. th^adtn °

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all penalties and forfeitures, incurred by this ad, may be Recovery of fued for and recovered in any of bis Majcfty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, wherein no efioin, privilege, protedion, or wager *”reSf of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and and a’pplica-fuch penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be applied, tion thereof, one moiety to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the otner moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No claim of

That no fuch claim of any prize money (hall be admitted or prize money allowed after rhe firft day of January, one thoufand feven hun- tobeadmitted dred and fixty feven, or fuch further dav as the faid commif- aft*r 1 Jaiu fioners, or any three or more of them, (nail appoint.	17 7*

CAP. XXV.

An aft to alter certain rates of poftage, and to amend, explain^ and enlarge feveral proviftons in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of §ueen Anne, and in othtr afts relating to the revenue of the pojl office.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS tie fecurityand improvement of correfpondence%

throughout your Mojtfly's dominionf, is a matter of great Preamble. concernment, and highly nectjfary for the prefervation and extenfion of trade and commerce; and whereat by an aft made in the ninth year

°f

Digitized by L^OOQle

*5°

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25.	£1765.

of the reign of her late majefty §)ueen Anne, feveral rates are fettled for the port and conveyance of letters and packets pajfmg to and from the feveral parts of the Britifh dominions in Europe and A-merica: and whereas by the increafe of trade and commerce fence the pajfeng of the faid aft, and by the vafe accejfeon of territory gained by the late treaty of peace, feveral communications are opened, and new pofes have been or may be efeablijhed to and from the feveral parts of your Majefty*s dominions ih America, for which the rates of poft-age cannot, under the prefent law, be properly afcertained: and whereas the prefent rates of pofeage may in feme parts be reduced, and the revenue neverthelefs may hereafter be improved, by means of a more extenfeve circulation : we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeas, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid adfc made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a6l for efeablijhing a general pofe office for all her Majefty*s dominions, and for fettling a weekly Jum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty*s occafeons, as eftablifties certain rates or fums for the port or conveyance of letters and packets palling between London and the Britijh dominions in America, and between any places within the faid dominions, (hall, from and after the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be, and is hereby, repealed.

II. And, to the end that more eafy and equal rates of poftage may be fettled and eftablilhed, and the benefit of pofts be in time extended to every part of the Britijh dominions in America, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid tenth day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s port mafter general for the time being, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufficiently authorized, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters, packets, and other things, that (hall be carried or conveyed to or from London, from or to any of the Britijh dominions in America, and to or from any part of the faid dominions, from or to any other part thereof, according to the feveral and refpedtive rates and fums hereafter mentioned; the fame being rated either by the letter, or by the ounce; that is to fay,

Rates of poft- For a]i letters and packets palling from London to any port don toTnv°n* Wlt^,n Britijh dominions in America, and from any fuch port within the port unto London, for every Angle letter one (hilling; for every Britifli domi- double letter two (hillings; for every treble letter three (hillings; nionsinAme. an(j for every ounce four (hillings 5 and foin proportion for every any fuch ^port Pac^ deeds, writs, or other things.

to London;	For

Repeal of fo much of the aft of 9 Annas, as eftablifties the rates of poftage of letters between London and the Britifh dominions in America, and places within the faid dominions :

and from and after 10 Oft. 1765, inftead of the rates thereby elta-blifhed, thole following are to take place.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III.c. 25.	251

For all letters and packets conveyed by fea from any port In and from the Britijb dominions in America to any other port within the port in the 7 faid dominions, for every Angle letter four pence; for every laid dominions double letter eight pence; for every treble letter one (hilling;to any other and for every ounce one (hilling and four pence; and fo in CrC1J°# proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things, y

For the inland conveyance of all letters and packets to or from Ratcs 0p any chief pod office eftablilhed, or to be eftabliQied, within land pottage the Britijb dominions in America, from or to any other part of the in America faid dominions, not exceeding fixty Britijb miles diftant from ftarnceynot ex* fuch chief offices refpeftively; or from the office where fuch ceeding 60 letters or packets, not paffing through any fuch chief office, may miles; be put in, for every Angle letter four pence; for every double letter eight pence 5 for every treble letter one fhilling; and for	*

every ounce one (hilling and four pence 5 and, being upwards for upward of of Axty fuch miles, and not exceeding one hundred fuch miles, 60 an4 not for every Angle letter Ax pence; for every double letter one	l°°

fhilling ; for every treble letter one (hilling and Ax pence; and 9 for every ounce two (hillings; and, being upwards of one hun- forupwar<jsof dred fuch miles, and not exceeding two hundred fuch miles, 100andnot for every Angle letter eight pence; for every double letter one exceeding too fhilling and four pence; for every treble letter two (hillings; miles;

?nd for every ounce two (hillings and eight pence; and for every and fo|, diftance not exceeding one hundred fuch miles beyond fuch ward8 of %oq two hundred miles, and for every fuch further diftance, for and not ex-every Angle letter two pence; for every double letter four pence; ceeding 100 for every treble letter Ax pence; and for every ounce eight furth«i pence; and fo in proportion, according to the faid feveral and refpeftive rates and diftances, for every packet of deeds, writs, pr bther things.

III. And whereas by certain claufes in the faid aft, made in Recital of the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, it is enafted. That all letters and packets that, by any mafter 9 of any (hip or veffel, or any of his company, or any paftengers therein, (hould or might be "brought to any port town, or which (hould arrive or touch at any port belonging to any port town within any her Majefty’s dominions, or any the members thereof, or which fhoula be on board any (hip or veffel which fhould or did touch or (lay at any fuch port town (other than fuch letters as in.the faid aft are excepted) (hould, by fuch mafter, paftenger, or other perfon or perfons, be forthwith delivered unto the deputy or deputies of fuch poft mafter general for the time being by him appointed for fuch place or port town, and to be, by fuch deputy or deputies, fent poft unto the faid general poft office, to be delivered according to the feveral and refpeftive direftions of the fame; upon pain of forfeiting the fum of ftve pounds of Britijb money for every feveral offence againft the tenor of the faid aft: and whereas the faid provifton, in the faid above recited claufe, hath been found ineffeftual for (he purpofes intended; be it therefore further enafted by the

au-

Digitized by Google

252	Anno	quinto Georgii IlL C.25/	[1765.

From and af ai,t^or^y aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of Oc-tcr°xo 06t3 ' tober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no (hip or t765, no vef-# veflel (hail be permitted to break bulk, or to make any entry in fel to be ad- any port in the Britijh dominions, until all letters and packets mined to brought by any matter of any fuch (hip or veflel, or by any of his cTbreak bulk, company, or any paflenger on board the fame, to any port in till the letters* the faid dominions where polls are or hefeafter may be ettablifh-on board are ed, and from whence fuch letters and packets can or may be d^,Veft• difpatched bY P°ft> (hall be delivered to the deputy or deputies,

0 cc* or agents, of the faid poll matter general for the time being, to be by him or them forwarded, according to their refpe&ive' directions, in the fame courfe that other letters are fent from except in fuch fuch re(pedtive ports; except fuch letters, commiflions, and cafes where other matter and things, as are excepted in the faid adt made in they are to be tjie njnth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne ; thefuperiif- anc* a^°> except all fuch letters and packets as (hall or may be tendant of the brought in any (hip or veflel liable to the performance of qua-quarentinej rentine; all which letters or packets laft-mentioned (hall be delivered, by the perfon or perfons having pofleflion thereof, to the per(on or perfons appointed to fuperintend the quarentine, that all proper precautions may be by him or them taken before tobedi (patch- *bc delivery thereof; and when due care has been had therein, ed by him to the faid letters or packets (hall be by him or them difpatched, the pott office, in the ufual and accuftomed manner, by the pod; and all ma-Perions refu- fters^ mariners, paflengfrs, and other perfon or perfons, neg-tip^fiich fet-61 lc<^ng or refufing to deliver the letters or packets brought by ters, forfeit them as aforefaid, (hall, for every (uch negledl or refufal refpedt-aoi.	ively, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; to be fued for and

recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court or record within the kingdom, colony, plantation, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; and no efloin. One moiety privilege* protection, or wager of law, (hall be admitted; one to the JCing, moiety of the faid penalty to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-. the other to ceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons the proiecu- who (hall or will inform againft fuch offender or offenders, and *or’	fue for the faid penalties and forfeitures; and for every recovery

with full fuch perfon or perfons, fo informing and profecuting for the cods.	faid penalties and forfeitures, (hall recover and have alfo taxed

and paid their full cofts of fuit; any tiling in the faid adl, made in the ninth year of the reign of her majefty Queen Anney to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. id. extra IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, charged on all That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid deputy or (hip letters deputies to demand, have, receive, and take, for every fuch b^th^packet ^etler an(* Pac^et 1° delivered from any (hip or veflel, other than fcoats, P packet boats, to fuch deputy or deputies at the ports in his Ma-jefty’s dominions, as (hall be directed to any place within the town belonging to fuch port, or within the limits of the delivery of letters and packets by fuch deputy and deputies, the rate or fum of one penny, over and above what may now be re* ceived lor the fame.

V, And

Digitized by t^ooQle

1765.]	Anno	quinto GeoRGH III. c. 25.	253

V.	Arid be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefjrid, From and af-That from and after the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand ter610^* feven hundred and fixty five, the rates now payable for the poft- f/n/i-atw o?" age of letters and packets, fent or conveyed by the general poftage by poft, not exceeding one poft ftage in Great. Britain and Ireland, the general and not exceeding two poft ftages in that part of Great Britain P°j*f .. called England, do ceafe and determine; and that from and af- ” poft^ge m ter the faid tenth day of Ofiober, one thoufand feven hundred Great Britain and fixty five, it IhalLand may be lawful to and for the faid poft and Ireland, xnafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto and Pot **-Efficiently authorized, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his E^gUnd^axe heirs and fucceflors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for to ceafe/ the port and conveyance of all fuch letters and packets which

he (hall convey, carry, or fend poft, within the kingdom of and the fol-Great Britain and Ireland, according to the feveral rates and fums lowing rates hereafter-mentioned (the fame being rated either by the letter or to take by the ounce,) that is to fay,	P^ce;

For the port or conveyance of every fingle letter, fo conveyed viz. Rates for or carried by the poft as aforefaid, not exceeding one whole poft poftage not ftage from the office where fuch letter may be put in, within p^e ft™ .one the kingdoms aforefaid, the fum of one penny; for every p s * double letter two pence; for every treble letter three pence; and for every ounce four pence; and fo in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, fo con- above 1 and veyed or carried by the poft as aforefaid; above one poft ftage, “ot and not exceeding two poft ftages, from the ^office where fuch 1 letter may be put in, within that part of Great Britain called England, the fum of two pence; for every double letter four pence; for every treble letter fix pence; and for every ounce eight pence; and fo in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Butthefere-rity aforefaid, That nothing herein before contained (hall ex-

tend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter, or in any wife to af- The penny fe<ft, the rates or fums to be paid for letters or packets palling poft. or repairing by the carriage called The Penny Poft.

VII.	And whereas, for the more ready and extenfive conveyance of letters and packets between that part of Great Britain called England, and Ireland, and for the conveniency of trade and commerce between the faid kingdoms, it may be convenient and expedient to improve the communication for the conveyance of fuch letters and packets by the poft through C<trlijle9 •

Dumfries, and Port Patrick, or feme other convenient port in Scotland; and through Donaghadee9 or fome other convenient port in Ireland; be it further declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the RatCf 0f pofl. faid poft mafter general, and his deputy or deputies by him age between thereunto fufficicntly authorized, to demand, have receive, England and and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets, cmSSo* Dum-

p a fling	p0rt

Digitized by v^ooQle

*5 4

Patrick, and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports.

Repeal of fo much of the aft 9 Anne, as direfts the poftage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee to be paid where the letters are delivered.

To prevent difputes, poft roads may be meafured;

and a return to be made thereof upon oath;

and entered in the three chief poft offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and the chief offices in America.

Fair furveys to be made out, and de-pofited in the refpeftive offices here mentioned.

AnnaquintoGEORGil III. c. 25. *	[*765.

pafling and repafling by the poft between England and Ireland, through Carlijle> Dumfries, Port Patrick, and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports in Scotland and Ireland, the fame rates or fums for Englijh poftage, according to the number of miles or ftages fuch letters and packets are carried by the poft in England, as alfo the fame rates or fums for Scotch poftage, according to the number of miles or ftages fuch letter^ and packets are carried by the poft in Scotland, and moreover the fame rates or fums for packet poftage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports in Scotland and Ireland, as likewife the fame rates or fums for Iri/h poftage, according to the number of miles or ftages fuch letters are carried by the poft in Ireland, as are re-fpeftively fettled, eftablifhed, and afcertained, by the faid a St made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Arme9 or by tnis prefent aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Ame9 as direfts, that the rates or fums to be paid for the conveyance of letters, to be fent by packet boats, between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, lhall bie paid at the place where fuch letter or letters are delivered, in order to be fent by fuch packet boats, (hall, from and after the faid tenth day of Oflober9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be, ana is hereby, repealed.

IX.	And, to the end that all letters or packets may be charged with poftage, according to the rated diftance they are refpeftively carried by the poft, and for preventing all difputes touching the fame, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon and perfons as the poft mafter general for the time being (hall appoint, to meafure, or caufe to be meafured, by the wheel, all the poft roads which are now fettled and eftabli(hed, or which lhall hereafter be fettled and eftablilhed, in any part of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and other the Britifb dominions.

X.	Provided always. That fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall be fo appointed as aforefaid to meafure the (aid diftances, and every of them, (hall be fworn to perform the fame according to the beft of their (kill and judgement; which oath (hall and may be adminiftered by any juftice of the peace, who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame, and to make certificates thereof in writing, to be entered, without fee or charge, in the three chief poft offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and the chief poft offices eftablilhed, or to.be eftablifhed, in Americas and moreover, that fuch perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by fuch poft mafter as aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe fair furveys or books to be made out; one of each whereof (hall be left with his Majefty’s poft mafter general in London^ another of each to be left at the chief poft office in Edinburgh with the poft mafter general’s deputy there, another of each to be left at the chief poft office at Dublin with

Digitized by

Google

*55

17«5] Anno quinto Georgii TIL c.25.

the poll mailer general's deputy there, and another of each of fuch furveys or books (hall be left at each of the chief pod offices edablilhed, or to be edablilhed, in America, with the re-fpedtive deputies of the poll mailer general there, to remain in -	.

the faid poll offices; each of which faid furveys or books ffiall nfjfon, mak-be ligned by the perfon pr perfons making the fame, who (hall mg the lame, and are hereby refpedtively required to make oath of the truth of and attefted fuch furveys; which oath or oaths (hall and may be adminiller- uP°n oaF|?* ed by any judice of the peace, who is hereby authorized and th^poft required to adminider the fame; and a certificate of his or their matter geae-having fworn to the truth thereof (hall be figned by the pod ral or his de-mader general for the time being, or by his deputy or deputies, . . in fuch chief pod offices in Great Britain and Ireland, and in the of^rror^ew Britijb dominions in America; which books and furveys (hall furveys may determine the didances on all the faid pod roads : and in cafe be made out, of any fufpicion of error or wrong admeafurement, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid pod mader general to caufe new furveys to be made ; and {he lad furveys which (hall be made, and according to (hall be verified and atteRed as above direded, lhall, in all courts ^tob/chw- * of judice, be evidence of the didances on fuch pod roads; and e(j. all rates granted by any former ad or ads, or by this prefent ad, for the port or conveyance of letters and packets, (hall be paid and taken according to fuch furveys.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, powcr That it lhall and may be lawful to ana for the pod mader gene- to fettle Penny ral for the time being, and his deputy and deputies by him Poft Offices thereunto fufficiently authorized, to fettle and edablifh an office, w.berc

to be called The Penny Poft Office, in any city or town, and the nient* fuburbs thereof, and places adjacent, within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Britijb dominions in Arne-v ricay where fuch pod lhall, by the pod mader general, be adjudged neceflary and convenient; and to demand, have, receive, and take, the fame rates and fums for the podage and conveyance of all letters and packets, conveyed by fuch penny pod, as are or may be taken for the carriage of letters and packets, fent or conveyed by the carriage called The Penny Poffi edablilhed and fettled within the cities of London and IVeftmm-Jler> and borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent, recording to the extent and meaning of the faid adl made in the ninth year of her faid late majedy Queen Anne, and of an a<d made in* the fourth year of his late majedy King George the Second, and of this prefent a6t.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, where fuch That when fuch penny pod office or offices lhall be fettled and offices are edablilhed in fuch cities, towns, fuburbs, or places adjacent, eftablilhed, no within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Bri-

tijb dominions in America, as aforefaid, no perfon or perfons |^tters with-whatfoever lhall make any collection of letters or packets in or out being du» near fuch city, town, fuburbs, or places, where fuch penny pod ly licenfed. office or offices lhall be edablilhed, without licence or leave of the pod mader general for the time being; upon pain of incurring

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii III. 0*25.	[176$.

ring the forfeitures and penalties to be forfeited and paid by per-fons colle&ing, receiving, carrying, recarrying and delivering letters, contrary to the faid adt made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Qpeen Anne, to be recovered in manner as by the faid adt is diredted, and with full cofts of fuit.

XIII.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all letters and packets whatfoever, which (hall or may be brought, by the inland or foreign port, to the general poft office in London, diredted to any perfon or perlons at any place or places beyond the delivery of the inland or foreign departments of the general poft office refpedtively, and within the delivery of the faid office called The Penny Pojt Office, department of (hall be conveyed and delivered by the faid penny poft office; p<5tfbutwith-anc* t*iat lt anc* may lawful for any meflengeror perfon, iothedelivery carrying or tranfmitting fuch letters or packets, to demand and of the penny take for the carriage and delivery of the fame, one penny, and b”tli ^ no more> ovcr an<* ab°vc *he rates poftage which (hall have penny^poft, become due, for the port or conveyance of fuch letters or and charged packets to the general poft office.

accordingly. XIV. And whereas the weight of letters and packets, fent or From and af- conveyed by the carriage called The Penny Poft, hath not yet 1765, no^’ been afeertained by any law or ftatute: and whereas many packet ex- heavy and bulky packets and parcels are now fent and convey-ceeding 4 oz. ed by fuch carriage, which, by their bulk and weight, greatly (except thofe retard the fpeedy delivery thereof; be it thereof enadted by the general poft, autbority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of July, &c.) may be one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no letter, packet, fent by the	or parcel whatfoever, (hall be forwarded, fent, or conveyed, by any

penny poft. carriage called The Penny Poft already eftablifhed, or hereafter to be eftablifhed, if the weight of fuen letter, packet, or parcel, (hall exceed the weight of four ounces, other than fuch letters or packets as have firft come by the poft to the general poft office, or (hall be pafling by the faid carriage called The Penny Pofty into the faid general poft office.

XV.	And whereas by the faid ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anney certain rates are eflablifhed for all letters pafling from London through the Spanijh Netherlands, or the United Provinces, to Hamburgh (poft-pa id to Antwerp or Amfterdam) and from Hamburgh through the Spanijh From 5 July Netherlands, or the United Provinces, unto London; be it enadted, 1765, the ” That fo much of the faid adt, made in the ninth year of the fameVates of reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne9 as eftabliflies the poftage are to rates laft above mentioned, (hall, from and after the fifth day one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be, and the and Ham- fame *s hereby repealed; and the faid rates mall from thence-burgh, as be- forth ceafe and determine: and from and after the faid fifth day of July, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid poft matter general, and his deputy or deputies by him thereunto fuffi-ciently authorized, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets, fent or conveyed by 2	the

tween London and Germany.

Letters, See. brought by the inland or foreign poft to the London office, and directed beyond the

Digitized by LjOOQle

*7*5.)

Anho quinto GeoroIi III. C. i$2

2 57

the pod from London to Hamburgh, or from Hamburgh to London, the fame rates or fums of money which* by the faid ad made in the faid ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne,are fettled, and appointed to be taken for all let* ters and packets palling by the pod from London to all other parts of	Germany.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* 'fhe poftage That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid pod mader of letter* to general, and his deputy and deputies, if fuch pod mader gene-

ral (hall deem it neceuary and expedient, to caufe the rates or Aims for the podage of all letters and packets which are to be ed necefliry, font by the pod out of the kingdom of Great Britain, to be paid be demanded upon their being put into any pod office within the faid king- ®P°n th?ir(!*"‘

dom.	ihf<2wfc

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter carrier, or other officer whatfoever, appointed, or to be hereafter appointed and employ- ^ 0^ce ed in the bufinefs of the poft office, (hall, from and after the Siting or «-tenth day of October y one thoufand feven hundred and fixty bending any five, fecrete, embezzle, or deftroy, any letter, packet* bag* letter with 6r mail of letters, which he, (he, or they, (hall and may be re-	fcr.

fpedively entrufted with, or which (hall have come to his, her* therein!

or their hands or pofleflion, by virtue of their refpedKve employments in the laid poft office, Containing any bank note, bank poft bill, bill of exchange, exchequer bill, South Sid of Eaji India bond, dividend warrant of the bank. South Sed9 Eoft India, or any other company, fociety, or corporation, navy or viAualling bill. Teaman's ticket, (late lottery ticket, goldfimth** f note for the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, bill* or promiflory note for the oayment of money, or AmtricaH pro- or bill* vincial bill of credit* or (nail (leal and take, out of any letter or packet that (hall come to his, her* or their bands or poflef-lion, by virtue of their refpe&ive employments, any fuch bank note, bank poft bill, <bill of exchange, exchequer bill, South Sea or Eaft India bond, dividend warrant of the bank* South Sea*

Eaji India, or any other company, fociety, or corporation,. M navy or victualling bill. Teaman’s ticket, (tate lottery ticket,u fdony* goldfmith’s note for the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, or promiflory ttote tor the payment of money, otAme^ rican provincial bHl or credit, with intent to fecrete, "embezzle, or deftroy the fame; every fuch offender or offenders, being there-* of convicted in due form of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the faid tenth day of Oftobery one thou-

fand feven hundred and flxty five, if any perfon or perfons • whatfoever (hall rob any of his Majefty's mails of any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, although fuch robbery (hall not appear, or be proved, to be a taking from the perfon, or upon the King's highway, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-houfe, or any coach-houfe, (table, barn, or any oothoufe belonging to a dwelling-houfe, and although it Vol XXVI.	S	(hould

Digitized by Google

258

is felony.

Penalty of any officer, &c. imbeizil-ing or mifap-plying the poftage money received by him, ordeftroying any letter or packet, or advancing the'rates, and not accounting for the fame, is felony.

Port boy quit tirtgorde-fertirfg' the . mail, • or fuffering any perfon ’ (except the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.25.	CJL7^5*

(hould not appear that any perfon or perfons were put in fear by fuch robbery, yet fuch'offender or offenders, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall neverthelefs refpeCtively be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon.}

XIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter carrier, or other fervanr, appointed, authorized, and intrufted, to take in letters or packets, and receive the poftage thereof, (hall, after the faid tenth day of Oftober, imbezzle, or apply to his, her, or their own ufe, any money or monies by him, her, or them, received with fuch letters or packets, for the poftage thereof; or (hall burn or otherwife deftroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, by him, her, or them, fo taken in or received;. or who, by virtue of their refpeCtive offices, (hall advance the rates upon letters or packets fent by the poft, and (hall not duly account for the money by him, her, or them, received for fuch advanced poftage; every fuch offender or offenders, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall be deemed guilty of felony.

XX,	And be it farther enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any poft boy or rider, having taken any of his Maje-fty’s mails, or bags of letters or packets, under his care, in qrder to conve£the fame tp the next poft town or ftage, (hall,

......... after the faid tenth day of Oftober? quit or defert the fame bc-

gulird)*to ride fore his arrival at fuch poft town or ftage, or (hall fuffer any on the horfe other perfop or perfons (the peyfon.pr perfons employed to, guard or carriage,	mail or bags .of letters, and packets, only excepted) to ride

op the horfe or carriage along with the faid mails or bags of or loitering on letters and packets; or (hall loiter on the road, and wilfully the road, &c. mifpend his time, fo as to retard the arrival of the faid mails or bags of fetters at the next jwft tpwp or ftage; qx (hafl not, in to be com-	poffible. cafes, convey fuch mails, or bags of letters after the

mittedtohard rate °f fix Bnglijh miles ap hour at thefeaft; every fuch offen-labour; der, for. every fuch offence* being thereof, convicted, either by voluntary confeflion of the party, or by the path or oaths of . one or more credible, witpefs or witfleffes, before any one or~morejuftice or jufticesr-pf the^eac^ (which path and oaths the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby refpeCtively impow-tred^and required, to adminifter).(h?U _fee fent to the houfe of ,	correction, and confined to hard labour for any time not ex-

« ceeding one month, nor fefs than fourteen days. \ and unlawful- XJ$I. And be it further epafted by the authority aforefaid, ly collcaing," That.from apd after the faid tenth day of OGobsr^ if any poft conveying, or boy or poft boys, rider or riders, .(hall, by himfelf or themfelves,. 11	or in combination with others, unlawfully colfeCfc, or receive

fetters or packets, or convey, or caufe letters arid packets to be unlawfully conveyed, and (hall thereof be convicted, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more juf-tice or juft ices of the peace (which oath and oaths the faidjuftice and juftices is and are hereby refpeCtively iotpowered and required to adminifter) every fuch offender or offenders (hall, for every letter or packet fo by him qi them unlawfully collected,

pon-

delivering, letters or packets,

he forfeits 10s. for every letter, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^5-1 Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C.25.	259

conveyed, or delivered, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be and if not paid to the informer; and if the fame (hall not be forthwithPa.j£ paid upon conviction, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice be committed * and juftices to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe to hard la-of correction, there to remain at hard labour for any fpace not hour, exceeding two months, nor lels than one month.

XXI!. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, paufe*,&c. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, >n the aft of advantages, difabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and methods for the recovery of the fame matters and things, contained in the to^bing the faid ad made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late ma- general or jefty Queen Anne, or in any other ad or ads whatfoever, touch- penny poftof-ing the general poft office, or the carriage called The Penny Pojl jj^herebr al« Office, and not herein and hereby exprefly altered or repealed, tereijt 0rre- *

. (haIJ be applied and extended, ana lhall be conftrued to apply pealed, ex- # and extend, to this prefent ad, as fully and effedually, to all tended to thii intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly re- aft# peated and re* enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded and declared, That all Rate*, and rates or fums of money eftablifhed or appointed by this ad, and pecuniary pe-alfo all fums of money impofed as forfeitures or penalties, and

all fums of money required to be paid, and all other monies therein mentioned, (hall be deemed and taken to be fterling money of Great Britain, and (hall be colleded, taken, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Monie*arifing That all the monies arifing by the rates aforefaid, except the by this aft* monies which (hall be necellary to defray fuch expences as (hall to be applied be incurred in the colledion and management of the fame, and M thc P"^* all other expences attending the faid office, and the due execu- *****0 P° * tion of the ads relating thereto, (hall be appropriated and applied to fuch and the lame ufes, to which the prefent rates of

poftage are refpedively now by law appropriated and made applicable.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au- ncce(rary thority aforefaid, That all charges, out-goings, and difburfe- charges, &cf ments, neceflary for the receipt and management of the faid in the receipt rates, and the rates granted by former ads, and all other ex- manage-pences attending the faid office, and the due execution of the fe- allowed* veral ads relating thereto, be allowed and paid, in like manner a* ufual.

as the feme have heretofore been allowed, authorized, and paid, at any time fince the commencement of the rates granted by the (aid ad made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne\ any thing in this ad, or in an ad paffed in the firft year of his Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled. An ah for the fupport of his Majeflys • houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Bri- -tain, to the contrary notwithjlanding.

XXVI.	And whereas by an ad made in the fourth year of ciaufe in ad the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for preventing 4 Geo. 3, frauds. and abufes, in relation to the fending and receiving of letters

S	2	and

iSo	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	III.	c.	15.	[176$.

4packets free from the duty of poftage, it is enafled, That from and after the firft day of May^ one thoufand feven hundred and lixty four, fo long as the revenue arifing in the general letter office or poll office, or office of poft matter general, (hall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets fent

S' the poft, to or from any place whatfoever, (hall be exempt-from paying the duty of pottage, except fuch letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the* privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets, free from the duty of pottage, is not by the faid adt extended to the pay matter general of his Majefty’s forces for the time being, or to the clerk of the parliaments, or to the clerk of the houfe of commons of Great Britain, for the time being, who, by virtue of their refpedtivc offices and employments, neceflarily fend and receive many letters relating to the publick concerns of thefe kingdoms; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That r from and after the patting of this adt, the faid pay matter gene-*cner * ral of his Maiefty’s forces for the time being, mall and may fend and receive letters, free from the duty of pottage, in the fame Clerk of the tnanner, and under fuch reftridtions, as other officers mention-parliaments, ed in the faid adt are thereby permitted, in refpedt of their of-ancl clerk of fices, to fend and receive; and that the (aid clerk of the parlia-tbe houfe of ments, and clerk of the houfe of commons of Great Britain, for impwered to the time being, (hall and may refpedtively, from and after the (end and re- patting of this adt, fend and receive letters, free from the duty of ceive letters pottage, in the fame manner, and under fuch reftridtions, as any free of poft- member 0f either of the two houfes of parliament of Great Bn-a£C*	tain now fend and receive the fame, in purfuance of the faid

adt.

Limitation of XXVII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-adtions. faid, That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the fame (hall be commenced within fix months after the fadt committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defen-Geheral iffue. dants in fuch adtion or fuit (hall and may plead the general ittue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence; and that the lame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this adt: and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon a verdict for the defendant, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or tbeir adtion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall an4 may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame. Treble cofts. as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

Digitized by

CAP,

1765*]	A11110 quin*) Georgii HI. c. 26.	261

CAP. XXVI. yfc aft for carrying into execution a contra8 made, purjuant to the aS of parliament of the twelfth of bis late majefiy King George the Firjt, between the commiffioners of bis Majefiy*s treafury and the duke and dutchefs of Atholl, the proprietors of the Ifle of Man, and their truftees, for the purcbafe of the faid ijland and its dependencies, under certain exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

** TX7HEREAS his late majefty King Henry the Fourth,preamble.

VV by his letters patent under the great feal of England* bearing date at Weftminfier the fixth day of April, in the feventh year of bm reign, did grant to Sir John de Stanley knight, the ifland, eSUe, pele, ana lordfhip, of Man, and all the iflands and lordihips to the faid ifland of Man appertaining, which did not exceed the value of four hundred pounds by the year; to have and to hold to the faid John and his heirs and affigns, all the iflands, caftle, pele, and lordfhip aforefaid, together with the royalties, regalkies, franchifes, liberties, fea ports, and all things to port reafonabfy and duly belonging, homages, fealties, wards, marriages, reliefs, efcheats, forfeitures, waifs, e-ftrays, courts baron, views of frankpledge, leets, hundreds, wapentakes, wreck of the fea, mines of lead and iron, fairs, markets,' free cufloms, meadows, paftures, woods, parks, chaces, lawns, warrens, aflarts, purpreftures, chiminages, pif~ caries, mills, moors, marfhes, turbarys, waters, pools, fifh ponds, ways, paflages, and commons, and other commodities, emoluments, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid iflands, caftle, pele, and lordfhip, in any wife appertaining or belonging, together with the patronage of the bifnoprick of the faid ifland of Man, and alfo knights fees, advowfons, and patronages of abbies, priories, hofpitals, churches, vicarages, chapels, chaun* teries, and other eccleliaftical benefices whatfoever, to the faid iflands, caftle, pele, and lordfhip, likewife belonging, of the faid King and his heirs for ever, by liege homage, and the fervice of rendering to the faid King two falcons once only$ that is to fay, immediately after the fame homage done, and of rendering to his heirs. Kings of England, two falcons on the days of their coronations* inftead of all other fervices, cufloms, and demands, as freely, fully, and entirely, as Sir William le Scrape, deceafed, in the faid letters patent named, or any other lord of the faid ifland, was ever, in former times, in the belt and freed manner accuftomed to have and hold thofe iflands, caftle, pele, and lordfhip, with the appurtenances, together with all other the premifles therein and herein before mentioned, the faid liege homage, and -rent of falcons, only excepted: and whereas the monaftry and priory of Rujbing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, with their appurtenances, in the faid ifland of Man,

S 3	were*

Digitized by L^ooQie

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2	[1765,

were, on or about the general diflolution of the lefler religious houfes, by force and virtue of an aft for that purpofe made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King Henry the Eighth, diflolved, and veiled in his faid Majefty, his 4 heirs and fucceflbrs: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late King Henry the Eighth, for dmevering the bilhoprick of Chejlef, and of the IJle of Man, from the jurifdiftion of Canterbury to the jurifdic-tion of York, it was enafted. That the bifhoprick and diocefe of Afan, in the IJle of Man, (hould be annexed, adjoined, and u-nited, to the province and metropolitical jurifdiftion of York, in all points, and to all purpofes and effefts, as the biihoprick of Chejler was annexed, adjoined, and united, to the fame: and whereas on the death of Ferdinando earl of Derby, coufin and heir male of the body of the faid Sir John de Stanley, v^iich happened in or about tne thirty fixth year of the reign 4m her late majefty Queen Elizabeth, a controverfy arofe concerning the inheritance of the faid iflands, caftle, pele, and lordfhip, with the appurtenances, between the daughters and coheirs of the faid Ferdinando earl of Derby on the one part, and IVxlliam earl of Derby his furviving brother on the other part; which controverfy was, by her faid Majefty’s command, referred to the lord keeper of the great feal, and others of her Majefty’s privy council, together with the chief juftices of the courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the chief baron of the court of 2?*-tbequer\ and till the faid controverfy, and certain other doubts which arofe on the faid letters patent, (hould be determined, the faid iftand, caftle, pele, and lordftiip, of Man, with the appurtenances, and all other the premises in the faid letters patent mentioned, were taken into the hands of her faid Majefty, in fight of the crown of England: and whereas his late majefty King James the Firft, by his letters patent under the great fe*l of England, bearing date at Wejlminjler the feventeenth day of March, in the third year of his reign, did, in confideration of a fine of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen (hillings, and eleven pence, paid into the receipt of his faid Majefty’s exchequer by Sir Thomas Leighe knight, and Thomas Spencer efquire, and for o-ther confiderations, demife, leafe, and to farm-lett, to the faid Sir Thomas Leighe knight, and Thomas Spencer, all thofe houfes, feites, circuits, and precinfts, formerly the monaftry and priory of Rujbing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called the Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, with alf their appurtenances in his iftand of Man, and all thofe his reftories and churches of Kirkecrijl in Shelding and Kirklovan, with their appurtenances in his faid iftand of Man, formerly belonging to the monaftry of Rujbing aforefaid, and being parpel of the pofleffions thereof, thentofore ufually lett at the annual rent of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen (hillings, and eleven pence; except, and always referved to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-jeeffors, all and all manner of woods, underwoods, wardftiips, marriages, mine?, and quarries, belonging tp the premiftes; to

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1765J Anno quiato Georgii III. c. 26.

be had and holden to the faid Sir Thomas Lrigbe> and Thomas Spencer, their executors and afligns, for the term of forty years from the making the faid letters patent, under the laid annual rent of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen (hillings, and eleven pence, and the feveral other payments ifliiing out of the pre-mifies, therein particularly mentioned, amounting, in the whole, to the fum of twenty one pounds, feventeen (hillings: and whereas his faid late majefty King James the Firft, by certain o-ther letters patent under the great feal of England, bearing date at JVeJlminJier the fourteenth day of Augujl, in the fifth year of his reign, at the petition of William earl of Derby coufin and heir male of the body of the faid Sir John de Stanley deceafed, Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Graye Bridges lord Chandoys and Anne his wife, and Sir John Egerton knight, fon and heir male apparent of Thomas lord Ellefmere then chancellor of England and Frances his wife (which AnnCy Frances, and Elizabeth, were the coufins and heirs of the faid Sir John de Stanley) did grant to Henry earl of Northampton, and Robert earl of Salisbury, the faid ifiand, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of Many and all the iflands and lordfhips to the fame appertaining, and all and Angular the royal regalities, franchifes, liberties, and all other the rights, profits, and commodities thereunto belonging, in the fame Tetters patent particularly mentioned and contained (except all thofe houfes, fcites, circuits, and precinfis, formerly the mona-ftry and priory of Rujbinge and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called the Grey Fryers of Brymaken; otherwife By* maketi, and the re&ories and churches of Kirkecrifle in Shelding and Kirklovan, formerly to the faid monaftry of Rujhing belong-'* ing and appertaining, and parcel of the pofleffions of the fame, with their rights, members, and appurtenances, therein more particularly defcribed) to be had and holden to the faid Henry carl of Nortbamptony and Robert earl of Salisbury their heirs and afligns, of the faid King, his heirs and fuccefiors &r ever, by the liege homage, and by the fcrvice of rendringsfwo/alcons in manner and form aforefaid; which faid ifiand	tH*, and

}ord(hip of Man aforefaid, and all the iflar.oS^f^d lordfhips thereunto belonging, and other the premifies befoto mentioned {except as before excepted) were granted, or mentioned to be granted, by the late King Henry the Fourth, to the faid Sir John de Stanleyy by letters patent, bearing date at Weftminfter the fixth day of Aprily in the feventh year of his reign; and the faid King did alfo grant to the faid Henry earl of Nortbamptony and Robert earl of Salisbury all and all manner of iflues, revenues, and profits, of the faid ifiand, caftle, pelc, and lordfhip of Alan* and all and lingular the premifies (except as before excepted) which had not been paid to the late Queen, or to his then prefent Majefty, without any account to be rendered to his Majefty for the fame: and whereas by indenture inrolled of record, and made, or mentioned to be made, the eighteenth day of Juney in the faid feventh year of the reign of his faid late majefty King James the

S+	Firft,

*4

♦

Anno quinto GboUGII III. C. 26.	[	1765*'

Firft, between the faid King of the one part, and the faid Robert earl of Salisbury lord treafurer of England, Henry earl of jNortbamp* ton keeper of the King’s privy Teal, William earl of Derby 9 Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Graye Bridges lord Cbandoys and Anne his wife, and John Egerton knight and Frances bis wife, of the other part, but not executed or acknowledged of record by the faid William earl of Derby, the faid Robert earl of Salisbury, Henry earl of Northampton, WiUtam carl of Derby, Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth wife, Graye Bridges lord Cbandoys and Anne his wife, John Egerton knight and Frances his wife, did give, grant, bargain, fell, furrender, and confirm, or were mentions to give, grant, bargain, felH furrender, and confirm, to the faid King, his heirs and fucceffors for ever, thefaid ifland, caftle, pele, and lordftiip of Man, and all the iflands and lord-(hips to the fame appertaining, and all and Angular the royal regalities, franchifes, liberties, and all other the rights, profits, and commodities, thereunto belonging, in the fame letters patent, and alfo in the letters patent herein laft before recited, particularly mentioned and contained, and all their right, title, (late, ufe, pofleffion, intereft, claim, and demand whatfoever, in the faid iiland, caftle, pele, lordfhip, and premifles, or in any part thereof, to be had and holden to and for the ufe of the faid King, his heirs, and fuccefiors, for ever and whereas his (aid late majefty King James the Firft, by certain other letters patent under the great feal of England\ bearing date at Wejhmnfter the twenty eighth day of June9 in the feventh year of his reign,

* did demife, grant, and to farm-lett, to the faid Robert earl of &?-lisbury9 and Thomas earl of Suffolk, the faid ifland, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of Many with all their rights, members, and appurtenances, and all his iflands, lordfhips, caftles, monafteries, ab-bies, priories, farms, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, to the faid ifland of Man appertaining or belonging, or fituate, lying, or being, in or within the lame, with all and fln^ulac their rights, members, and appurtenances, and all and fing«Mr#the royal regalities, franchifes, liberties, fea ports, and m ttfiftgp to port reafonably and duly appertaining ; lands thentofore overflowed by, and then gained from, the fea, and reduced to dry foil; lands then overflowed by the fea, and which thereafter mould be gained and reduced to dry foil; hor mages, fealties, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, efcheats, forfeitures, waifs, goods and chattels of felons, fugitives, perfons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in exigent; eftrays, deodands, villeins, and naifs, with their iffue; eftovers, and commons of eftovers; courts leet, views of frankpledge, courts baron, courts of admiralty, courts of portmote, leets, hundreds, wapentakes, and the perquifites and profits of courts, views of frankpledge, courts baron, courts of admiralty, courts of port-mote, and leets, and all that to courts leet, views of frankpledge, courts baron, and courts of portmote belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong, wrecks of the fea, mines of lead and iron, quarries, fairs, fair day*, markets, tolls, and iflues of fairs, /*ee cuftoipsj rights, ^urifdi&ons? franchifes, privileges, manors.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. C. 2 6.

vills, towns, caftles, granges, mefliiages, houfes, edifices, mills, bams, ftables, dove-houfes, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, tofts, cottages, curtilages, lands, tenements, meadows, feedings, pa-ftures, demefne lands, glebe lands, leafows, waftes, heaths, moors, marlhes, ways, void grounds, paths, eafements, woods, under-woods, wood lands and trees, and the foil and ground of the faid woods, underwoods, and trees, tithes of com, grain, and hay, wool, flax, hemp> lambs, and all other tithes what-foever, as well great as fmall, redories, advowfons, donations, and rights of patronage, of all and Angular hofpitals, churches, vicarages, chapels, and all other ecclefiaftical benefices whatfo-cver, oblations,, obventions, fruits, profits, waters, water-courfes, dreams, aquedu&s, fuits, fokes, multures, and alfo all and Angular forefts, parks, chafes, lawns, warrens, aflarts, purpreftures, chiminages, pifearies, Afhings, rents, penflons, portions, frankfolds, turbaries, pools, fl(h-ponds, ways, paff-ages, commons, rents, reverfions, and fervices, rents charge, rents feck, rents of aflize, and rents and fervices of tenants, as well free as cuftomary, works of-tenants, annual farm rents, fee farms, annuities, neriots, fines, amerciaments, tolls, duties, anchorages, groundages, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, hereditaments, and appurtenances whatfoever, as well fpiritual as temporal, fituate, lying, or being, coming, growing, renewing, or arifing, within the faid ifiand, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of Man, or within the fea to the fame ifiand contiguous and adjoining, or within any other iflands, lordfhips, peies, caftles, farms, or lands, to the laid ifiand of Man apper-' taming, or to the fame or any of them appurtenant, incident, appendant, or belonging, or at any time heretofore had, known, taken, occupied, uled, demifed, let, or reputed to be members, parts, or parcels of the fame, and the patronage of the bifhoprick of the faid ifiand of Man, and the patronage of the bifhoprick of Sodor, and the patronage of the bifhoprick of Seder find Man, and the temporaries of the faid bifhopricks, whenfo-ever they (hould happen to be vacant, and the reverfion and reverfions^ remainder and remainders, of all and Angular the faid iflands, caftles, peies, lordfhips, patronages of bifhopricks, re&orics, forefts, chafes, parks, farms, granges, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, and of the reft of the premifles therein before demifed, and every parcel thereof, dependant and expedant on any gift, demife, or grant, for term of life or lives, or years, or in fee tail or other-wife, of the premifles, or any part thereof, however made, or be-* ing of record, or not of record, and the rents and profits thereupon refervtd, or in any manner incident to the fame, or any

S>art thereof (except the faid houf?s, feites, circuits, and precin&s, ormerly the monaftery and priory of Rujhing and Douglas, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, and the rectories and churches of Kirkeerijl in Sheldon and Kirkelovan, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances, therein particularly deferibed) to be had and holden, to the find Robert ear) of Salisbury, and Thomas earl of Suffolk, their execu-

tors

Digitized by

266

Anno quinto Georgii III* c. 16.	[1765.

tors and afligns, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel then lad pad, for the term of twenty one years from thence next following, at and under the Yearly rent oftwenty (hillings of lawful money of England: and whereas his faid late majedy King James the Fird, by certain other letters patent under the great leal of England, bearing dateat Wejlminfterxht feventhday of July* in the feventh year of his reign, reciting the faid letters patent herein lad before recited, did give and grant unto the faid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley his fon and heir apparent, all the faid iiland, cadle, pele, and lordfhip of Many and all the idands and lordlhips to the fame belonging, and all and lingular the royal regalities, fran-chifes, liberties, and all and fingular other the premifles in the faid therein and herein recited letters patent demifed and granted, with all their rights, members, and appurtenances (except the faid houfes, feites, circuits, and precindls, and other the pre-mifles in the faid therein recited letterspatent excepted) and farther, that the laid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth h\s wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley, and the heirs and. afligns of the faid Jamesy Ihould have, hold, and enjoy, within the faid iiland, faille, pele, and lordlhip of Many and other the premifles, fuch and the like courts leet, profits 'of courts leet, views of frank pledge, courts of portmote, courts of admiralty, and every thing to all and every the faid courts belonging, law days, aflize and aflav of bread, wine, and beer, waifs, eftrays, goods and chattels of felons, fugitives, felons of themfelves, clerks convid or attainted,-traitors, or of thofe who being indidled of treafon, murder, or felony, refufe to anfwer to the fame according to the law and cullom of Englandy or Hand obftinatcly mute, or refufe to Hand to the judgement thereupon to be given, or of perfons o-therwife convidted or condemned, deodands, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, efeheats, heriots, forefts, chafes, free warrens, parks, liberties of parks, wrecks of the fea, anchorage and groundage, and all other rights royal, regalities, jurifdi&ions, franchifes, liberties, culloms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments whatfoever, as well fpiritual as temporal, as fully, freely, and intirely, and in as ample manner and form, as Sir William Le Scrope knight, Henry Percye earl of Northumberland, Sir John Stanley knight, or any of them, or any other perfon or perfons thentofore had, held, ufed, or enjoyed the fame, within the faid iiland, callle, pele, and lordlhip, farms, mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, and other the premifles .therein before granted, or any part or parcel thereof, by reafon or pretence of any charter, gift, grant, confirmation, or letters patent, from any Kings;or Queens of Englandy or of any adl or adls of parliament, or of any lawful prefeription, ufage, or cullom, or of any other right or title whatfoever, and as fully, freely, and in as ample manner and form, as his faid Majefty, or any of the former Kings or Queens of Englandy had and enjoyed, or ought to have had, ufed, and enjoyed, the laid iiland, cadle, pele, and lordlhip of Many

farms,

Digitized by t^ooQie

1765.] AnnoquintoGEORGii III. c.26.

farms, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and all and lingular other the premises therein before granted, or any part or parcel thereof, to be had and balden, to and to the ufe of the (aid IVilliam earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, for and during the natural life and lives of them and the furvivor of them, and after their deceafes, to and to the ufe of the Paid garnet Stanley lord Stanley, and his heirs for ever, of his faid Ma-jefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, for ever, by liege homage, and by the fervice of rendering to the faid King two falcons once only ; that is to fay, immediately after the laid homage done, and of rendering to nis faid Maje^y’s heirs. Kings of England, two falcons on the days of their coronations, in lieu of all other fer-Vices, cuftoms, and demands; and the faid King did moreover give and grant to the faid IVilliam earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley, his heirs and afligns, all and all manner of rents, arrearages of rent, iflifes, revenues, and yearly profits of the laid illand, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of JMMy ana other the premifies (except as before excepted) heretofore due, and not paid to his late dear filler Elizabeth late Queen of England, or to himfelf, or to any of his progenitors, to be by them received, without any account for the fame : and whereas his faid late majefty King Japes the Firfl, by certain o-ther letters patent under the great feal of England, bearing date ?t Wejlminfter the fecond day of May in the eighth year of his reign, did give and grant to the laid IVilliam earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the laid William* all thofe houfes, feites, circuits, and precinfts, formerly the monallry and priory of Rujhing and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, with all their appurtenances in the Ifland of Man, and all thofe his redlories and churches of Kirkecrijl in Shelding and Kirilova* vyith their appurtenances in the faid Ifland of Man, formerly belonging to the monallry of Rt/Jbing afore&id, and being parcel of the pofiefilons thereof, by a particular thereof extending to the clear annual rent or value of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen lhillings, and eleven pence, over and above certain other payments in the faid letters patent mentioned ifiuing thereout, /rnd amounting in the whole to twenty one pounds, feventeen lhillings, and all and fingular his monalleries, abbies, granges, lands, tithes, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, with all and fingular their rights, members, aud appurtenances, in the faid Ifland of Man* and all mefluages, mills, houfes, edifices, buildings, bams, llables, dovehoufes, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, lands, tenements, tofts, cottages, pools, filhponds, meadows, feedings, paftures, heaths, moors, marlhes, ways, void grounds, roads, paths, eafements, woods, underwoods, coppice woods, woodlands, trees, fruits, profits, commodities, dreams, banks, rivulets, watercourfes, aquedu&s, pifearies, fithings, rents, avenues, and fervices, tithes of corn in (heaf, com in blade, grain, and hay, and all other tithes whatfoever as well great as fmall, oblations, obventions, hawkings, huntings,

frank*

Digitized by

Anno quinto GeoRG 11 III. C. 26.	[	1J651

frankfolds, turbaries, fuits, fokes, multures, warrens, mines, quarries, rents and fervices as well of free as of cuftomary tenants, rent charges, rents feck, and rents and fervices referved upon any demifes, or grants of the premifles, or any parcel thereof, works of tenants, annual farm rents, fee farms, curtoms, annuities, knights fees, wards, marriages, efcheats, reliefs, aids, heriots, fines, amerciaments, courts leets, views of frankpledge^ perquifites and profits of courts and leets, and all that to courts leet or view of frankpledge belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong, waifs, goods and chattels of petty traitors, felons, fugitives, perfons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in exigent, and of thofe who being indi&ed of any petty treaion, murder, or felony, (hall Aand obstinately mute, or will not an-fwer diredtly and juftify themfelves according to the law and cuftom of England, and of all perfons convided or attainted, e-ftrays, deodands, villeins and naifs with their ifliie, eftovers and commons of eftovers, fairs, markets, (tallages, tolls, duties, imports, rights, jurifdiAions, franchifes, liberties, curtoms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments, with all and Angular their rights, members, and appurtenances, within the faicl Ifland of Man, to the faid monafte-ries and priories of Rujbiug and Dowglafs, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, and rectories and churches of Kirkecrift in Shotting, and Kirklovan, and other the premifles therein before given and granted, or to any parcel thereof, belonging, appertaining, incident, or appendant, and the reverfioa and reverfions of the fame expedfant on any grant or demife for term of life or lives, or years, or otherwife, whether the feme be of record or not of record, and all woods, underwoods, coppice woods, and trees whatfoever, growing and being in and upon the premifles, or any part thereof, and the land, ground, and foil of the fame, and all rents and annual profits reserved upon any demife or grant of the premifles, or any part thereof; and alio that the faid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the faid William, fhould have, hold, and enjoy, all fuch and the like courts leets, views of frankpledge, law days, aflife and aflay of bread, wine, and beer, waifs, ertrays, chattels of felons, fugitives, and perfons put in exigent, deodands, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, efcheats, heriots, free warrens, hawkings, huntings, and all other rights, jurisdictions, franchifes, liberties, curtoms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments whatfoever, and as fully, freely, and intirely, as any abbot or prior of tho-faid former monaftery and priory of Rufbing and Dowglas, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwife Bymaken, or any other perfon or perfons heretofore having, poflefiing, or being feifcd of the laid monafteiy, priory, fryers minors, re&ories, churches, and other tne premifles, ever had, held, ufed, or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, ufed or enjoyed, the fame, or any part thereof, by reafon or pretence of any charter, gift, grant, Qr confirmation, hy his faid Majefty, or any of his pnceftors Kings or Queens of England7 or of any adt or a&s of parliament!

269

I765.I Anno quinto Georgii HI. c. 26.

liament, or of any lawful prefcription, ufage, or cuftom, or otherwise howfoever by any lawful means, right, or title, and as fully, freely, and intirely, as his faid Majefty, or any of his laid ancestors, ever had and enjoyed, or ought to have nad and enjoyed, the fame, and in as ample manner and form as the lame came, or ought to have come, to the hands of his faid Majefty, or anv of his faid anceftors, by reafon or pretence of the difiolution or (urrender of any of the faid monafteries or priories, or by reafon or pretence of any ad or ads of parliament, efcheats, exchanges, attainders, or forfeitures, or by any other lawful means, right, or title whatfoever; to be had, holden, and enioyed, to and to the ufe of the laid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the faid William, for ever, of his faid Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, as of the manor of eaft Greenwich m Kent, by fealty only, in free and common fbccage, and not in chief, or by knight fervice, at and under the yearly rent of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen (hillings, and eleven pence, of lawful money of England, to be paid at the receipt ot his Majefty** exchequer at Weftminfter, at the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, by equal portions, in lieu of all other rents*, fervices, exadions, and demands whatfoever, and it was agreed, that the faid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the faid William, (hould yearly and every year pay, or caufe to be paid, the feveral fums therein mentioned, due and ifluing out of the premifles, and amounting in the whole to the fum of twenty pouiids, feventeen (hillings, vearly; and thereof lhould acquit, difeharge, and fave harmleis, his faid Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors: and whereas by an ad of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his (aid late majefty King James the Firft, intituled, An aft for the efuring and efta~ blijhing of the Ifle of Man, in order to continue the faid if and, ca-file, pele, and lord/bip of Man, with their rights, members, and

gpurtenances, in the name and blood of the faid William earl of erby, it was enaded, that the faid William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, for and during their lives, and the longer liver of them, and after their deaths the faid James lord Stan-ley, and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, and after bis death without fuch ifiue, Robert Stanfy fecond (on of the faid earl, and the heirs males of his body lawfully begotten, and after his death without fuch ifiue, the neirs males oY the body of the faid William earl of Derby lawfully begotten, and for default of fuch ifiue, the right heirs of the faid Jama lord Stanley, (hould and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and quietly enjoy, freely and clearly, againft his faid Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs (by the tenures, rents, and fervices, therein after mentioned to be teferved) againft Thomas lord Ellefmere lord* chancellor of England and Alice countefs of Derby his wife, late the wife of Ferdinando earl of Derby deceafed, and againft Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Gray lord Cbandoyt and Anne his wife, Sir John Egerton knight fon and heir apparent of

Digitized by L.ooQle

270

Anno quinto Georgii HI. c. i6.	[1765*

the faid Thomas lord Ellefmere and Frances His wife, and the heirs of the faid Elizabeth, Anrte> and Frances, who were the only daughters and foie heirs of the faid Ferdinando late earl of Der~ fyy and to whom and their hulbands the faid pfilliam earl of Derby had paid divers fums of money for their claim, right, and title, to the faid ifle, caftle, pele, and lordthip of Man, as appeared by their deed, bearing date the fourteenth day of Febrtc-ary in the fixth year of his faid Majefty*s reign, whereby they had agreed to give their confents for the paffing of ah a6t of parliament, for the giving and extinguifhingof fuch theirright, title, and intereft, and againft the heirs of the faid Ferdinando late earl of Derby, and againft Thomas Ireland efquire, his executors, ad-miniftrators, and afligns, all the faid ifle, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of Man, with the rights, members, and appurtenances, and all the then or late monaftery and priory of Rujbing and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called The grey fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymakeny with tneir rights, members, and appurtenances, and the redlories and churches of Kirkecrijle in Shelding and Kirkelovany with their appurtenances, and the patronage of the bifhoprick and bifhopricks aforefaid, and all other the hereditaments whatfoever granted by his faid Majefty by his faid feveral letters patent, the one bearing date the feventh day of July in the feventh year of his faid Majefty’s reign, and the other bearing date the lecond day of May in the eignth year of his faid Majefty’s reien, which laft mentioned letters patent were made and granted during the then feflion of parliament: and it was further ena&ed, That neither the faid lord Stanley, nor the faid Robert Stanley, nor any of the heirs males of their bodies refpe&ively nor any of the heirs males of the body of the faid William earl of Derbjy (hould have any power to alien, fell, or convey, the faid ifle, caftle, pele, and lordfhip of Many and other the premifies, or any part of them, from his or their iflue, or other perfons appointed by the faid a6t to enjoy the fame, but that the fame (hould remain and continue as by the faid a<St is appointed; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, bargains, fales; conveyances, af-furances, and ads done or to be done to the contrary (except as therein is excepted) (hould be utterly void, and bf none effed: and it was further enaded. That neither the faid ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hould extend or be conftrued to avoia, fruftrate, abridge, impair, diminifli, or prejudice, the (late, intereft and term of years of Sir Thomas Leigh knight, arid Thomas Spencer efquire, tneir executors, administrators, and afligns, of the mefluage,lands, tenements,tithes, profits, hereditaments, and other things in the faid ifle of Many granted by the faid letters patent, bearing date the feventeenth day of March in the third year of his faid Majefty’s reign, for the term of forty years; and that they and every or them (hould and might peaceably and quietly, during the faid term, have, hold, occupy and enjoy, the fame, upon fuch yeaily rents, refervations, covenants, provifoes, and agreements, as were mentioned and exprefled in the faid letters patent; faving to the archbifliop of York and his

Digitized by v^ooQle

27*

*7^5-] Annoquinto Qeorgii III. e. 26.

fucceffors, all metropolitical jurifdi&ion in all points, and to all purpofes of the biihopricks and diocefe of Man in the faid ifle of Man, as is given, united, limited, and appointed, to the province and archbithoprick of York, by the faid adt of parliament made in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid King Henry the Eighth: and whereas his late majefty King Charles the Second by his letters patent, bearing date at Wejl~ minjltr, the twelfth day of February in the nineteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto Charles earl of Derby (ion and heir of the faid Jnmes lord Stanley afterwards earl of Derby deceased) all and all manner of mines royal of gold or filver, or holding gold or filver to fuch a proportion as, according to the laws 01 England, doth make the faipe a mine royal, fituate, ly-r ing, and being, in the ifle of Man, whether the fame be opened or not opened; to be had and holded unto the faid Charles earl of Derby, and to the heirs males of his body lawfully begotten, at and under the yearly rent and payment therein contained and exprefled; which faid grant, upon the failure of heirs male of the body of the faid Charles earl pf Derby by the death of James late earl of Derby, which happened on or about the firft day of February, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, expired, and the right of the faid mines royal revelled in his then majefty. King George the Second, his heirs and fucceffors : and whereas in and by one other a& of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign pf his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the improvement of his Ma~ jejly's revenues of cujloms, excife, and inland duties, after laying feveral reftri&ions upon the fraudulent trade then carried on between Great Britain and the laid Ifle of Man, it was (for the better enabling his Majefty to prevent the faid frauds and abufes) ena&ed, That it (hould and .might be lawful to and for the com-milfioners of his Maj^fty’MreaAiry then or.for the rime being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, 00 the behalf of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and alfo ,to and for the; right honourable James earl of Derby, his tenants, or aifigns, the right honourable John lord AJhburnham ior and op behalf of, his .daughter Henrietta Bridget Afbburnham an infant^ Bryan Fairfax 'quire, truftce for the faid infant, or the furvivo^of them, and all or any other perfon or perfons claiming or to claim by, from, or under, the faid earl, or any of his anceftpfs^to treat, contract, and agree for the abfolute purchafe or fajc, releafe or furrender to or for the ufe qf his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, of all or any eftate, right, title, or intereft,, which he the faid earl, his tenants, the faid Henrietta Bridget Afhburnham, or fuch other perfon or perfons then had or claimed, or could or might have or claim, in or to the faid ifland or lordlhip of Man, or in or taall or any regalities, powers, honours, fuperiorities, jurisdictions, rights, privileges, duties, cuftoms, revenues, profits, or other advantages whatfoever, in, over, or about the faid ifland of Man, or its dependencies, for fuch fum or fums of money, or upon 2	fuch

Digitized by Google

272	Anno	quinto	GboKOI!	III. C. 26.	[*76	f*

fuch other terms or conditions, as they (hould think fitting; and that upon the executing of fuch contrails or agreements by or on the behalf of the faid earl, his tenants, the faid Henrietta Bridget AJbbumham, or fuch other perfon or perfons claiming or to claim under him, or any of his anceftors as aforefaid, or upon executing fuch other conveyances, aflignments, feleafes, or fur-renders, as in fuch contrail or contrails (hould be agreed on for that purpofe, it (hould and might be lawful to and for the faid commiliioners of the treafury then or for the time being, of any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and they were thereby impowered, by and out of any monies arifen or to arifc to his Majefty, his heirs, or fuc-ce/lbrs, of or for any cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, or other duties, upon the importation or exportation of any goods of merchandizes whatfoever, already granted or payable, or thereafter to be granted or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, in Great Britain, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direA the payment of fuch fum or fums of money, from time to time, as mould be fo contraAed or agreed on for fuch porchafe or purchafes, to fuch perfon or perfons as, according to the terms of fuch contraAs or agreements, (hould be intitled to have and receive the fame: and whereas the mod noble James }ate duke of Atholl, as right heir of the faid James lord Stanleyy on failure of heirs male of the body of the hid William earl of Derby by the death of the faid James late earl of Derby, became feifed to him and his heirs of. the faid ifland, caftle, pele, and lordlhip of Man, and all other the premiffes aforefaid, except the mines royal fo reverted in the crown as aforefaid; and by a Certain indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery of fcifiri thereon indorfed, bearing date the fourteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the faid late duke of Atholl of the one part, the right honourable John late cart of Dunmore, and the right honourable William now lord Mansfield, by the name and description of the honourable William Murray of Lincoln's Inn London efquire, and John Murray of the city of Edinburgh efquire (fmee deceafed) of the other part, the faid James duke of Atholl did grant, bargain, fell, alien, enfeoff, and confirm unto the faid John earl of Dunmore, and William now lord Mansfield, and John Murray, all the faid ifland, caftle, pefe, and Iordfhip of Man, and all other the pretnifles therein and herein more particularly mentioned and deferibed, except as before excepted; to be had and holden to the faid John earl of Dunmore, William now lord Mansfield, and John Murray, their heirs and afligns fot ever, upon the trails, and to and for the intents and purpofes, therein mentioned and declared, of and concerning the fame; in which faid indenture or deed of feoffment a power was referved to the faid James duke of Atholl, by any deed or deeds, or by his laft will and teltament, executed and attefted as is therein mentioned, to revoke and make void all and every or any of the faid trails, directions, declarations, and

agree-

1765*3 Anno cjuinto Gko&gii III. c. 26.	273

agreements, and to declare, limit, or appoint, any farther, other* or different trufts, ufes, or directions thereof, or of fo much thereof as (hould be fo revoked and made void, with or without power of revocation, as to the faid duke (hould feem proper: and whereas by indenture bearing date the fourth day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight, and ex-prefled to be made between the fame parties as are parties to the fall recited indenture, the faid James duke of Atholl, in purfu-ance of the powers in him verted, did revoke and make void sill and every the faid trufts, directions, declarations, and agreements, contained in the faid recited indenture or deed of feoffment of the fourteenth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven, of and concerning the faid ifland, caf-tle, pele and lordmip of Man, and all other the premifles; and did diredt, limit, and appoint, that the faid John earl of Dun~

Snore, William now lord Mansfitd, and John Murray, and their heirs and afligns* (hould ftand feifed of the premifles upon ftich other trufts, and to and for fuch intents and purpofes, as therein are mentioned and declared of and concerning the fame; in which (aid indenture was alfo referved to the faid duke o£

Athol7, a like power of revocation, with authority to declare, limit, or appoint, any farther, other, or different trufts or directions of the fame, or any part thereof, with or without powerof revocation, as to him (hould feem proper: and whereas by oneother indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery of feifin thereon indorfed, bearing-date the fixth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty fix, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the faid James duke of Atholl of the firft part; the faid William now lord Mansfield, by the name and defeription of the honourable William Murray of Lincoln's Inn in the county of AUddlefex efquire his Majeftv’s attorney genera], of the fecond part, and the mod noble Archibald late duke of Argyle, the right honourable David lord vifeount Stormont, and John Sharpe of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlefex efquire, fince decoded, of the third part; reciting (amongft other recitals therein contained) that propofals had, from time to time, been made to the faid James duke of Atholl on the part of the King’s majefty that then was, in order to purchafe of the faid duke of Atholl the faid ifle and territories of Man, and other the hereditaments, and premifles therein mentioned; and that the faid duke, though, reluctant to aliea fo honourable a principality from his family, had always been» ready to fubmit to his Majefty’s will and plea-fure therein, who had never propofed to purchafe but upon pay-ing a full and adequate confideration for the fame; but that it was uncertain whether any fuch fale would be made of the faid ifle, hereditaments and premifles, in the life-time of the faid duke of Atholl; and that therefore he the faid duke was minded and defirous, that the fame (hould be fettled, affured and conveyed, upon fuch trufts, and to and for fuch intents and pur-pofes* as therein and herein after are exprefled; the faid James ijjuke of Atholl^ in.purfuance of the powers referved to him by Vol. XXVL	T	the

*

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 26.	£1765.

the faid laft-mentioned indenture, and of all other powers to him given in that behalf, did revoke and make void all and every the trufts, declarations and agreements, in the (aid indenture contained concerning the faid ifle, caftle, pele, lordlhip and territories of Man, and all other the premiffes as aforefaid 5 and further the faid James duke of At boll, and alfo the faid William now lord Mansfield, by the direction and appointment of the faid duke, did grant, bargain, fell, alien, infeoff and confirm, unto the faid Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord vifeount of Stormont, and John Sharpe efquire, the faid ifle, caftle, pele, lordfhip and territories of Man, with the rights, royalties, members, dependencies, jurifditftions and appurtenances thereof, or thereunto belonging, and all and lingular other the hereditaments and premiffes aforefaid, to be had and holden unto the faid Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord vifeount of Stormont, and John Sharpe, their heirs and affigns for ever, of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, by the rents, tenures, fuits and fervices, by which the faid James duke of Atholl, and JVilliam now lord Mansfield, or either of them, then held the fame ; upon truft (among other things) after the de-ccafe of the faid James duke of Atholl, that they the faid Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord vifeount of Stormont and John Sharpe, and the furvivors of them, their nominees and affigns, fhould, at any time thereafter, with the confent and approbation of the perfon or perfons who, after the death of the faid James duke of Atholl, (hould, by virtue of the trufts therein ex-prefled, be, from time to time, intitled to the acftual receipt of the rents, revenues and profits, of the faid ifle and premifies (fuch perfon and perfons being then of the age of twenty one years) fell and convey, or releafe and furrender the faid ifle, caftle, pele, lordlhip and territories of Man, and other the trufted premiffes (whereof no appointment (hould have been made by the faid John duke of Atholl in his life-time, purfuant to a power to him therein referved and mentioned unto the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, for fuch price in ready money as they could reafonably get, and (hould judge to be a proper equivalent and adequate confederation for the fame 5 and (hould, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, lay out and invert the money to arife by the fale and difpofition thereof, in the purchafe of lands of inheritance in that part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and after fuch purchafe or purchafes made, (hould convey, fettle and entail the lands fo to be purchafed, with all the proper prohibitive, irritant and refolutive claufes, fo as the fame might be effedtually limited and unalienably intailed, as far as the rules of the law of Scotland would permit, to, upon and for, fuch perfons, ufes*, intents and purpofes, as are therein declared concerning the fame; that is to fay, to the heirs male of the body of the faid James duke of Atholl, remainder to the heirs female of the body of the faid James duke of Atholl {the eldeft heir female always fucceeding without divilion, and excluding heirs portjoners) remainder to the moft noble John now duke of Atholl,

1765.JI Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C.26.

by the name and defeription of John Murray of Strowan iri Scotland efquire, nephew of the faid James duke of Atholl> and hu(band of the right honourable the lady Charlotte Murray, the only daughter then living of the faid James duke of Atholl (now dutchefs of Atholl and baronefs Strange) and the heirs male of his body, with like remainders to James and George Murray e* fquires, brother^ of the faid John now duke of Atholl, fuccef-fively, and the heirs male of their refpeeftive bodies, with divers other remainders over in tail male, remainder to the heirs and afligns of the faid James duke of Atholl whatfoever, with power to the truftees (with the confent of the perfon or perfons who would have been intitled to the receipt of the rents and^profits of the premifles, in cafe there had been no fale) to place out the money arififtg by fuch fale on real fecurities in Scotland, or in any other part of Great Britain, or in the purchafe of (locks in the publick companies, or in the publick funds, or upon go* vernment fecurities, and to call in and place out the.fame again upon new or other fecurities of the like nature, the yearly inte-reft and dividends whereof (hould be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as, for the time being, would be intitled to be in the actual receipt of the rents and profits of the lands thereby directed to be purchafed in Scotland, in cafe the fame had been fo purchafed, fettled and entailed as aforefaid; and with power alfo to the furviving truftees, in cafe of the death of any of. them, to re-enfeoff other truftees to the fame ufes; and Like-wife with power to the faid James duke of Atholl, by deed or will to be by him executed, and attefted as therein mentioned, to revoke or alter all or any the ufes and trufts therein exprefled, of or concerning the premifles, or any part thereof, and to limit and appoint any new and further ufes and dire&ions thereof, as to him (hould feem meet: and whereas by a certain other indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery and feifin thereon endorfed, bearing date on or about the twenty firft day of No~ vemherj which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty one, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the faid James duke of Atholl of the firft part, the faid David lord vifeount Stormont of the fecond part, the faid John now duke of Atholl of the third part, John Wood efquire governor and commander in chief of the faid ide of Man of the.fourth part. Sir Charles Frederick knight of the mod honourable order of the Bath, and Edmund Hoskins of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlesex efquire, of the fifth part, and the right honourable George earl of Aberdeen of the fixth part, reciting, that the faid Archibald duke of Argyle Tend-John Sharpe, were both dead, and that feveral propofals had been made to the faid James duke of Atholl for the purchafe of the feveral rectories, impropriations, and tythes, within the faid i(le, part of the traded premifles$ and that to facilitate the fale thereof, he was determined to revoke all the trufts of the faid redtories, impropriations and tythes, declared by the faid laft recited indenture or deed of feoffment; and further reciting, that the faid David lord vifeount Stormont

T 2	had.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765.

had, with the privity and approbation of the faid James duke of Atholl, nominated the faid Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, to fupply the place of the faid Archibald duke of Argyle and John Sharpe, in the execution of fuch of the trufts in the faid lad recited indenture as were not revoked, or intended fo to be by the faid indenture, he the faid James duke of AtheU did revoke, determine and make void, all the trufts before declared concerning the faid re&ories, impropriations and tythes; and the faid James duke of Atboll, and the faid David lord vifcount Stormont(by his direction and appointment, did grant and enfeoff the fame to the faid John now duke of Atholl, upon the trufts therein mentioned: and as concerning the faid ifle, lordfhip and territory of Man, and all other the premiftes (other than the faid rectories, impropriations and tythes) the faid James duke of Atholl, and the faid David lord vifcount Stormont by his direction and appointment, did grant and enfeoff the fame to the faid John Wood, his heirs and affigns, to the intent that he and they Ihould re-enfeoff the fame to the faid David lord vifcount Stor-front. Sir Curies Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, their heirs and afligns, upon the trufts, and for the intents and purpofes, and Under the limitations in the faid laft recited indenture or deed of feoffment, of the fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and fifty fix', declared concerning the fame; in which faid indenture Nyas fclfo contained^ further power of revocation: and whereas the faid John Wood did, by a certain deed poll by him duly executed, bearing date the eighth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, re-enfeoff accordingly the faid ifle, caftle, pele and lordfhip, and other the premiftes laft mentioned, unto the faid David lord vifcount Stormont, Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, and their heirs : and whereas the faid James duke of Atholl departed this life on or about the eighth day of January in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, without revoking or altering the faid laft recited indenture of feoffment, leaving the faid Charlotte (wife of the faid John now duke of Atholl) now dutchefs of Atholl and baronefs Strange» his daughter ai)d only child; and thereupon they the faid now duke and duchefsof Athotl became intitled to the faid ifle, caftle, pcle and territories of Man, and other the hereditaments and premiftes (t)ie faid rectories, impropriations and tythes excepted) under and by virtue of the laid recited indentures of feoffment, and according to the eftate and intereft thereby limited to them relpedtively therein : and whereas a treaty having been fet on foot between the right honourable the commiflioners of fiis Majefty’s treafury and the faid John duke of Atholl and Charlotte dutchefs of Atholl and baronefs Strange his wife, for the fair of their eftate and intereft in the faid ifland and premiftes, or fuchu part thereof as (hould be found expedient to veft in his Maje-fty for the publick fervice, they the faid duke and dutchefs did, in their letter bearing date the twenty feventh day of February one thdufand feven hundred and fixty five, and addrefled to' their lordfhips, inclofe an abftradl of the clear revenue of the

Digitized by

1765.] Anno cjuiato Georgii 111. c. &6.

IJU of Man for ten years, from the year one thoufand (even hun-prS& and fifty four, to the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, noth inclufive (a copy whereof is contained in the fchedule annexed to this aCt) and did declare that they were ready, if it (hould be deemed neceflary for the publick fervice, to part with all their rights held under the feveral grants of the Vie of Man \ but apprehended, that the refervation of their landed revenue, together with the patronage of the bilhoprick, and other ecclefiaftical benefices in the ifland, could not interfere with the intereft of the publick; and prefumed, there could be no objection to their preferving the honourable diftinCtion and fervice which their anceftors had fo long enjoyed, and by Which they held their rights in this ifland, of presenting the two falcons at the coronation; and notwithftanding the difficulty of propofing a proper compenfation (which might expofe them to the imputation of making an unreafonable demand on the one hand, and of not doing Sufficient iuftice to their family on the other) yet, as the circumftances of the cafe had made it necef-fary, they did therefore hope, that neither his Majefty, nor the parliament, would think the clear fum of Seventy thoufand pounds too gre^t a price to be paid them, in full compenfation for the abfolute Surrender of the ifle, caftle and pelcof Man, and all rights, jurifdiCtions and interefls, in or over the f*id ifland^ iand all its dependencies, holden under the feveral grants thereof, or under any other title whatfoever, refervihg only their landed property, with all their rights in and over the foil as lords of the manor, with all courts baron, rents, Services anti other incidents to fuch courts belonging, their waftes, commons and other lands, inland waters, fimtries and mills, and all mines, minerals and quarries, according to their prefeat rights therein, felons goods, deodands, waifs,.eftrays and Wrecks at fea, together with the patronage of the bifhoprick, and of the other ecclefiaftical benefices in the Said ifland, to which they were then intitlcd, to be holden of the crown by the honourable fervice above-mentioned: and whereas by a certain contract or agreement in writing, bearing date the feventh day of March% in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and duly executed under the hands and Seals of four of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of the one part, and the Said duke and dutchefs of Atholly Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins of the other part, the Said commiffioners of the treafury contracted and agreed with the faid duke and dutchefs of Awoll) and the (aid Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins their truftees, for the abfolute purchafe of the faid ifland of Many with its dependencies, except as therein is excepted, for the faid price or fum of Seventy thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid in the manner, and at the time, therein mentioned: ?nd whereas the faid David lord vifeount Stormont is now refident at Vienna, in the character of his Ma-jefty’s embaflador extraordinary at that court; and whereas the (aia contra# and agreement cannot be effectually cftabliihed and

T 3	car-

*78	Anno	cjqinto	Georgii	III.	p. 26.	[	1765.

carried into execution, without the authority of parliament be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by thg au->ncnt fy^bi* ihority of the fame. That from and immediately after the pay-Majefty into pent into the bank of England by his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-the bank of ceffors, in the names of the laid John duke of Atholl* and Char-yo.oool. on or )0^e duchefs of Athott his wife baronefs Strange, Sir Charles Fre-J76c7in the*' ^trici ar*d Edmund Hoskins, or the furvivors or furviyor of them, names of the of the fum of feventy thoufand pounds of lawful rponey of duke and	Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes, impofitions, fees, re-

&	>var<*s and other deductions whatfoever, on or before the firft

ChsuFrede- ^ay3™* *n Ycar °f our Lord one thoufand feven hun-ric and Edm. dred and fixty five (to be by them the faid John duke of AtboEy Hofkins, and Charlotte his wife baronefs Strange, Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins; or the furvivors or furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, paid, applied, and difpofed of, for the ufes, intents and purpofes, exprefled and contained in the faid indenture or deed of feoffment, bear-jng date the fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and Man, and the	t*ie	^ >^and» caftle, pele and lordfliip of Man, and

iilands. See. all the iflands and lordfhips to the faid ifland of Man apper-thereunto ap- taining, together with the royalties, regalities, franchifes, li-pertaining, berties, and fea ports, to the fame belonging, and all other the *c*	hereditaments	and premifies comprized, mentioned and grant-

ed, in the faid letters patent, bearing date refpe&ively the fixth day of April in the feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, the twenty eighth day of June in the feventh year of the reign of King James the Firft, and the fecond day of May, In the eighth year of the reign of the fame King James the Firft, and the laid ftatute or aft of parliament made in the faid eighth year of the reign of the faid King James the Firft, and every enVbW in the °r anY t*ietn (cxcePtas herein after is excepted) (hall be, and crown. * they are hereby, unalienably vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, treed and difeharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified, of, from and againft all eftates, ufes, trufts, intails, reverfions, remainders, limitations, charges, incumbrances, titles, claims and demands whatfoever, from, by or under the faid letters patent and aft of parliament, and every or any of them, or from, by or under any other means, right or title whatfoever, as fully, freely and intirely, as if the laid letters patent and aft of parliament, and the eftates, interefts, hereditaments and premifies therein, or in any of them comprized*, mentioned and granted, were herein again tranferibed and repeated.

Cafoier's rp- II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ccipt. teftify- That the receipt or receipts of the proper clerk or cafhier, clerks mfntof^fhe or ca^*ers °f T^e governor and company of the bank of Eng-faid fum, land, under his or their hand or hands refpeftively, teftifying the payment of the faid fum of feventy thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or iuch perfon or perfons as they, or any three of them, fhall order

Digitized by v^ooQle

*7^5*1 Anno quin to Georg 11 III. 0.26.	279

der and dire# to pay the fame, into the faid bank of England, in the names of the faid duke and duchefs of Atholl^ Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, (hall be a fufficient difcharge to his Majefty, his heirs and tQ be a fucceflbrs, of and for the faid fum of feventy thoufand pounds, ent difcharge or fo much thereof as fuch receipt or receipts (hall be given for; tohisMajeftv. and that his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, upon and after fuch receipt or receipts given as aforefaid, (hall be abfolutely acquitted and difcharged of and from the faid monies, notwith-ltanding any fubfequent lofs, non-application or mifapplication of the fame, or any part thereof.	r	r

III.	Provided always, That the lands which fhall be pur- or the land™* chafed with the (aid fum of feventy thoufand pounds, or any which fhall be part thereof, purfuant to the trufts, intents and purpofes, ex- purchafed prefled and contained in the faid indenture or deed of feoffment, therewith, bearing date the fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred {be traftVex-and fifty fix, and till-fuch purchafe (hall be made, the faid fum prefTed in the of feventy thoufand pounds, or fuch part thereof as (hall not deed of feoff-be fo invefted in the purchafe of lands as aforefaid, (hall be and m*nt of 6 A~ continue fubjedl to fuch and the fame eftates, interefts, rights, tTbe^ubjca^ titles, claims and demands, and no other, as any perfon or per- to the fame fons, bodies politick or corporate, had and enjoyed at the time eftate*, &c. of the pafling of this adl, of, in, to or out of the (aid ifland, th® caftle, pele and lordfhip of Man, or any other the hereditaments “land#

and premifles hereby veiled in his Majefty,. or could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in cafe this adl had never been made.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and en- Reservation of adted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this adl con- patronage, tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to veft in his a-nc? othcr Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, the patronage of the bilhoprick \n\uc of the faid ifland of Man, or of the bilhoprick of Soder, or of crown;

the bilhoprick of Soder and Man, or the temporalties of the* faid bilhoprick or bi(hopricks, whenever it or they (hall become vacant ; or the right of advowfon, patronage, prefentation, collation, donation, nomination or free difpofition, of or to any archdeaconries, caponries, prebends, colleges, hofpitals, churches,

- chapels, redlories, vicarages or other ecclefiaftical benefices or promotions whatfoever, within the faid ifland, lordfhip and territory of Man9 or the dependencies thereof, or any hundreds, wapentakes, manors, towns, vills, churches, monafteries, ab-bies, priories, or the fates, circuits or precindls thereof, farms, mefluages, houfes, granges, tofts, cottages, curtilages, barns,

(lables, mills, dove-houfes, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, lands, demefne lands, glebe lands, meadows, leafows, feedings, paf-tures, woodlands, woods, underwoods, copices, trees or the foil or ground thereof, waftes, void grounds, roads, paths, heaths, furzes, moors, marfties, mines of lead or iron or other bafe metals, collieries, quarries, inland waters; pools, fi(h ponds, watercourfes, dreams, rivulets, aquedudls, rents, arrearages of rent, rent fervices, rent charges, rents feck, rents referved, annual farm rents, fee farm rents, rents of aflize, annuities, her-

T 4	riots,

Digitized by

Go< e

Anno qumto Georoti III. c. a6.	[ 1765*

riots, fervipes or works of tenants cither free or cuftomary, reftories, tythes or impropriations of tythes either great or fmall, predial, perfonaj or mixed, portions Of tythes, penfions, oblations, obventions, commons, frankfblds, eftovers, commons of efloters, turbaries, ways, paflages, eafements, forefts, parks, Jibertie6 of parks, chafes, lawns, warrens, afferts, purprefturcs, chiminages, hawkings, huntings, pifcaries, fifhings, fairs, fair days, markets, Callages, tolls, multures, waifs, eftray s, deodands, wrecks of the fea, affize or aflay of bread, wine or beer, fealties, reliefs, efcheats, forfeitures, goods and chattels of traitors, felons, clerks convict, fugitives, perfons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in exigent or {landing mote, fuits of tenants, courts baron, profits or perquifites oF courts baron, fines, amerciaments or any thing to courts baron appertaining, or any profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments or appurtenances, fpiritual or temporal, to the laid referred and ex-ceptedvpremiffes, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant or in any wife appertaining, or any intereft therein m pof-feflion, remainder or reverfion within the faid ifland of Man, or any of the iihnds and dependencies to the fame belonging; but that the fame, and every part thereof, ifhall ftand and be fuHy and dearly excepted apd referved out of this aft, and all ana every the provifions herein contained; and (hall be, remain arid continue, veiled in fuch and the fame perfoo and perfons, for fuch and the lame eftatc or eflates, and to and for fuch and the fames ufes, intents and purpofes, as if this aft had never been but to be held made; and (hall be ho|den of his Majefty, his heirs and fucr norivVer-0* c*9«r*f by the faid honorary fervice ot rendering to his Maje-vice;	fry's	heirs and fiiccefibrs, &ngs and Queens ot England, two

falcons on the days of their reipeftive coronations; and at am) an<1 Si un5^er the faid yearly rent of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen killings and eleven pence, to be paid at the receipt of 5 *	his	Maiefty’s	exchequer	at	JVeJlmtnJltr, in manner and form a*

forefaid.

fublick aft.

V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken, to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuph, by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever.

THE

Digitized by v^ooQle

L E

lis A&.

ears, from the Year 1754 to the Year

Clear Revenue of the Abbey Temporalties.

The Income of Lands in the Hands of the Lord of the Ifle, including the Rent of Calf JJU.

Total.

*754

*755

1756

757

758

759 76c

*76i i

*76a

*763

I 21	*5		101	6	6 i	7.905	17
121	*5		. 98	2	2	6,967	18
I 21	*5		97	18	8	6,785	4
121	*5		102		11	7.270	
121	*5		99	6	8	7. *70	6
X 21	*5		107	*9	1	10,091	12
121	*5		*35	4	2	9,606	18
121	*5		•106	8	9	11,596	10
121	*5		107	8	9	8,486	9
121	*5		107	8	9	9,204	8

7

z

5

10

5

4

5 1

3

9

^ I 1,217 | *Q| I 1.063 I *91 5 I 85.08; |	61	6

6 | Mankst £. 7 Manks makes £. 6 ey, 72,930 5 7 which, at a Me-

J

[To face Page 280.

Digitized by Google

Digitized by v^-ooQle

t7$5*l Anno quintoGEORGH III. c.27.1	281

CAR XXVII.

fin aB to provide for the adminijlration of the government> in cafe the crown Jbould defend to any of the children of his Majefty, being under the age of eighteen years 5 and for the care and gudrdianjhip of their perfons.

Moft gracroas Sovereign,

WHEREAS your MajeJly* from a tender concern for your Preamble, faithful fubjefls, and anxious defers to provide for every pof-fible event which may ajfeft their future happinefs or fecurity* hath been gracioujh pleafed to communicate from the throne to both houfes of parliament9 that your Majefey's late indifpofetion [which filled the prcafes of all your fubjefts with the mofe alarming apprehensions) had led your MajeJly to confeder the fetuation in which your kingdoms and your family might be lefty if it Jbould pleafe God to put a period to your Majefey* s life* wrnlfe your fucceffor is of tender years; and that the high importance of this fubjeft to the publick fafety* good order and tranquility, the paternal affeHion which your MajeJly bears to your children and to all yoitr people, and your earnefe defere that every pre-caution Jbould be taken which may lend t0 preferve the confeitution of Great Britain undifeurbed, and the dignity and lujire of its crown unimpairedy had determined your Majefiy to lay this weighty bvfenefs before your parliamentto whofemoft Jerious deliberation your Majefey was pleafed to recommend the making fiuh provijions as would be necejfary* in cafe any of your children Jhoidd fiicceea to the throne before they Jboula rejpefftvely attain the age of eighteen years 5 and to this endy your Majefey was atfo pleafed to propofe to their confidera-tiony whether under thp prefenl cir cum fiances* it would not be expedient to vejl in your Majefiy the power of appointing* from time to time* by mfiruments in writing under your fign manual* either the Queen or arty other perfon of your royal family, ufually refeding in Great Britain, to be the guardian of the perfon of fiuh fucceffor* and the regent of tbefe kingdoms* until fiuh fuccejjor Jbdll attain the ago of eighteen years \ fubjtfl to the like referiftions and regulations as are Jpecified and contained in an a& pajfea upon a Jimilar occafion* in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majefiy your royal grand-father; and that the regent Jo appointed Jbould be ajfefeed by a council of regency y to be efeablijhed by authority of parliament: and where-as in return for this paternal goodnefs* expreffed in fo early and provident a care for an event fo truly deplorable* and being filled with the mofe cordial fenfe of duty and gratitude to your MajeJly* for the tender concern and regard which your Majefey has always, and now more efpeciallyy demonfirated for the happinefs of your people* and thelafeing Security of their religiony laws and liberties* we have taken this important bufenefs into our mofe ferious confederation; and being juflly alarmed at the unhappy fetuation in which thefe kingdoms and your Majefiy's royal family would be lefty in cafe it Jbould pleafe Almighty God to put a period to your Majefey s ineftimable life (for the long and glorious continuance of whifh we offer up our daily and mofe

fir-

Digitized by

Google

iSi

Power veiled In his Majefty of appointing, from time to time, by three inftruments

Under his fign manual, a

in cafe the crown (hall descend to any of his children being under the age of eighteenyears.

Such guardian to have the care of and manage, ment of the tuition of the perfon of fuch minor.

and to execute the office of regent of the kingdom $

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 27.'	[1765.'

fervent prayers to heaven) before your royal fuccejfor Jbatt be of fuffid-ent years to fupport the weight of government; and being likewife thoroughly convinced of the wifdom and expediency of what your Ma-jefiy has thought fit to propofe upon this weighty occafion, are fully and zealoufiy determined to contribute every thing in our power to the firm and lafting efiablijhment of the protejlant fuccefifion, as fettled by the laws of the land, in your Majejly's royal family, the aufpici-out encreafe of which we confider as the bulwark of our civil and religious liberties, and the pledge of perpetual fecurity to the laws and eonfiitution of Great Britain: we therefore your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That whenfoever and as often as the imperial crown of this realm (halTdefcend to his royal highnefs George Augufius Frederick prince of the eldeft fonof his prefent Majefty (whom God long preferve) or to any other of the children of his prefent Majefty, now born or hereafter to be bom, if at the relpedtive times of fuch defeent, his faid royal highnefs George Augufius Frederick prince of Wales, or fuch other of the faid children iuc-ceeding to the crown as aforefaid, (hall be under the age of eighteen years, fuch perfon (fubiedt to the reftridHons herein after-mentioned) as his prefent Majefty, by three inftruments under his royal fign manual, revocable, from time to time, at his will and pleafure (toi>e fealed and depofited in fuch manner and with fuch peifons as herein after-mentioned) (hall nominate and appoint, (hall be the guardian, and have the care, tuition and education of the perfon of his (aid royal highnefs George Augufius Frederick prince of Wales, or fuch other fucceffor as afore-laid, until his faid royal highnefs or fuch other fucceftbr (hall have attained his or her refpe&ive age of eighteen years; and that fuch guardian (hall, till his faid royal highnefs, or fuch o-ther fucceffor, (hall have attained fuch refpedlive age, have the difpofition, ordering; and management, of all matters and things relating to the faid care, tuition, and education! and that fuch perfon fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, (hall, during fuch time as his faid royal highnefs George Aitgu/lus Frederick prince of Wales, or fuch other fucceflbr as aforefaid, (hall refpedlively be under the faid age of eighteen years, and no longer, have full power and authority, in the name of his faid royal highnefs, or fuch other fucceffor, and in his or her (lead, and under the ftile and title of Regent of the kingdom, to exercife and adminifter, according to the laws apd conftitution of Great Britain, the regal power and government of this realm, and of all the dominions, countries, and territories, to the crown of Great Britain belonging; and (hall ufer, execute, and perform, all prerogar tives, authorities, and adts ofgovernment, and adminiftration pf government, which belong to the King or Queen of this

-	reaim

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III.	Q.if.aS$

realm to ufe, execute, and perform, according to the laws thereof; but in fuch manner, and fubjelt to ifuch conditions, reftridtions, limitations, and regulations, as are herein after for that purpofe fpecified, mentioned, and contained.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadied by the autho- ^ to^ ^ rity aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be capable of being fo no- thcr minated and appointed to be guardian and regent as afore- Queen, or faid, other than and except her prefent Majefty our mod graci- pnncefs

ous Queen Charlotte his Majefty's royal confort, or her royal Wjdwforone highnefs Augufta princefs dowager of Wales, or other than and of^ede-except fome one perfon of his Majefty’s royal family, defcended fcendants of from the late King his Majefty’s royal grandfather, whofe ufual the late Kinfo refidence, at the time of pafling this adl, (hall have been, and from thenceforth, until fuch nomination and appointment, (hall Brftaiii. continue to be, in Great Britain.	A number in

III.	Provided nevertheless. That it (hall and may be lawful fucceffion, by for his Majefty to nominate and appoint, in and by luch inftru- ^7^ jnents as aforefaid, any number of perfons, under the reftridtions aforefaid, (as to his royal wifdom (hall feem meet) feverally to be nominated fucceed each other in the guardianthip and regency aforefaid, by to fucceed1 in way of fubftitution, in cafe the perfon or perfons firft nominated

and appointed (ball happen to die, during fuch time as his faid royal highnefs, or fuch other fucceflor as aforefaid, (hall refpec- but no more tively be under the age of eighteen years; but fo as that no than one per-more than one perfon (hall at any one time be intitled to fuch fonrm?y ^ guardianfhip and regency as aforefaid.	*	°“e

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore- And any fuch faid, That no perfon fo nominated and appointed to be guardian perfons are and regent as aforefaid, (hall be capable of fucceeding to, or holding disqualified to luch office ofguardianand regent, unlefs the ufual refidence of fuch jjjans andre-perfon, from the time of fuch nomination and appointment, to the gents by nontime of his or her fucceeding to fuch office of guardian and re- refidence,

!rent, (hall continue to be in Great Britain; and in cafe any per-on (hall become fo difqualified by non-refidence as aforefaid, or in cafe any perfon fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, who (hall have fucceeded to, and (hall be in the adtual exercife of, the faid office of guardian and regent, (hall not afterwards continue to be refident in Great Britain; or in cafe any perfon fo or by marnr-nominated and appointed to be guardian and regent as afore- a papift. faid, (hall at any time marry a papift; then, and m every fuch cafe, fuch nomination and appointment of the faid perfon (hall ceafe and determine in the fame manner as if fuch perfon were naturally dead.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid three inftruments of nomination and appointment be- Inftniment* ing fealed up under three feveral covers with any feal which his Majefty (hall think (it to make ufe of for that purpofe, (hall ^ C each be fealed alfo with the feveral feals of the archbilhop of King's feal; Canterbury for the time being, of the lord chancellor or lord and the feals keeper or the firft commiflioner named in any commiffion then

fub* terbpry, lord"

2

Digitized by L.ooQle

i84	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 27:	t17^5*

chancellor,	fuHiding for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for

and prefident tjlc t;mc ^ing^ and Qf the prefident of the council for the time dlj atad^to be bring; and one of the faid inftruments (hall be lodged and de-fevcrally de- pofited in the hands of the faid archbifhop for the time being, pofited with another in the hands of the faid lord chancellor or lord keeper them * or gjft commiflioner for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, and the third in the hands of the faid prefident of the Bat upon the council for the time being: and if bis Majefty (hall be willing to rcvo*cc or alter his nomination or appointment made as afore-fuch inftrn- laid, and (hall by three writings, under his hand and feal, re-ments by the quire the faid inftrirments fo depofited as aforefaid, to be delivered* up to fome perfon or perfons thereby authorized to receive the fame, then, and in fuch cafe, the perfons with whom the faid inftruments (hall be depofited as aforefaid, and every of them, and in cafe of the deaths of any of them, their executors and ad-aainiftr&tors refpe&ively, and every other perfon in whofe cuftody any of the (aid inftruments (hall happen to be, (hall deliver up the fame accordingly; and in cafe the faid archbifhop of Canterbury, or the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or firft commiflioner for the cuftody of the great feal, or the faid prefident of the council, (hall die, or be removed from their faid offices, before the re-delivery of fuch inftruments as aforefaid, the perfons fo removed, and tne executors and adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying, and every perfon in whofe cuftody fuch inftrument (hall happen to be, (hall deliver the fame with all convenient daring fp®*lto thc focceffor or facceflors of the perfon fo dying or be-facn minority, ina removed: and after the demife of his Majefty, whenfoever the privy ana as often as fuch fucceflor or fucceflbrs refpe<5tively (hall be 2?"$1% Under the age of eighteen years, the (aid three perfons, their exe-theSidudbu- cutors or adminiftrators, and all other perfons in whofe cuftody ments to he the faid inftruments (hall then be, (harl immediately bring the fame before the privy council then exifting, which it is hereby ena&ed (hall be forthwith, on fuch demife, affembled; and fuch inftruments (hall be there opened and read, and prefently afterwards inrolled in the high court of chancery:

VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the faid perfons with whom the faid inftruments (hall be fo depofited, or any of their executors or adminiftrators, or any other perfon having the cuftody thereof, (hall open any of the faid inftruments in the life of his prefent Majefty,

JKjngi or death of any of the depo-fitaries, they •re to be delivered Up}

as likewife.

In cafe of te-mova! of any Of the (kid officers of ftatej

and on the demife of the

there produced and read.

Perfon guilty of opening any of the laid inftru* ments, without his Ma-jefty’s order.

or refuting to without his Majefty’s order; or (hall wilfully negledl or refufe to deliver up the produce and deliver the fame to the privy council; every per-i to the

(kme privy council^ incurs the penalties of premunire. One of the in

fon fo offending, negledting, or refuting, (hall incur the pains and penalties of premunire inflidled by the ftatute of premunire made in the fixteenth year of the reign pf King Richard the Second.

VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ^om*"|sbc: That if all the faid three inftruments (hall not be produced ber deemed effec-* f°rc the ^d Pr*vy council as aforefaid; then any one or two of tual to give the faid inftruments fo produced, (hall be effectual to give fuch guthprity to	aytho-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27.	,	285

authority as aforefaid to the perfon and perions fucceffively there- the perfon no-in refpeaivelv named.	*™atcd re~

VIU. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Xu rt-That all alts of regal power, prerogative, government, or admi- gal power, niftration of government, of what nature or kind foever, which 3?ne other-(hall be done or executed by any King or Queen fo fucceeding	^

as aforefaid, under his or her refpedlive age of eighteen years, autlwrityof during the regency eftablifhed by this a£t, otherwife than by and the regent, with the confent and authority of the faid regent, in the manner, declared void, and according to the dkedtions of this adt fet forth and preferred ; (hall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Council of That in order to affift the (aid regent in the adminiftration of the government, there (hall be, dunng the time that fuch fucceffor or fucceffors refpedtivelv (hall be under the age of eighteen years, a council to be called The Council of Regency, which (hall confift of their royal highnefles his Majefty’s brothers Edward *

Augujlus duke of York and Albany, William Henry duke of Glou-cejler and Edinburgh, prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, and his royal highnefs his Majefty’s uncle William Augujlus duke of Cumberland (the laid prince Henry Frederick and prince Frederick William to be members of the faid council of	f

regency when they (hall refpedtively attain the age of twenty one

!rears, and not fooner) and alfo of the perfons and officers fol-owing; that is to fay, the archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being; the lord chancellor or lord keeper, or the firft commif-fioner named in any commiffion then fubfifting for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being; the lord tteafurer of Great Britain, or the firft commiffioner named in any commiffion then fubfifting for executing that office for the time being; the lord , prefident of the council for the time be- brother^or ing; the lord privy feal for the time being * the lord high ad- his uncle, miral of Great Britain, or the firft commiffioner named in any (hall die, dur-commiflion then fubfifting for executing that office for the time being; the two principal fecretaries of ftate for the time being; £r □nd the lord chief juftice of the court of King's or Queen's Bench minated re* for the time being : and if it (hall happen that all or any of their gent on hit faid royal highnefles Edward Augujlus duke of York and Albany,	a

William Henry duke of Gloucefier and Edinburgh, prince Henry b*8 3 Frederick, prince Frederick William, and William Augujlus duke of mints under Cumberland, (hall depan this life during the reign of his prefent his fign ma-Majefty ; or if any of them (hall be nominated and appointed nu^* by his Majefty, to be the faid regent of the kingdom immedi- aJWore^aid, ately on the demife of his Majefty, while fuch fucceflor (hall be and revocable under the age of eighteen years; then, and in any of fuch cafes, at pleafure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by three in- jW aPpo’mt ’ ftrumeots under hi* royal fign manual, revocable at his will and p^nto*!* pleafure, from time to time, to nominate and appoint fome one ofthecouncilj perfon, being a natural born fubjeft of this realm, to be a member of the laid council of regency, in the room or place of each and every of their faid royal hignnefles fo dying, or being con-

(touted

2 86

and fucb in-ftruments of nomination

Anno quinto GE6ft6lf III. c. ij. [ iy6$*

ftituted immediate regent as aforefaid; which laid three laft mentioned inftruments (hall be fealed up and depofited in thtf fame manner, and with the fame perfons, a$ is herein before direfted with refpeft to the three firft mentioned inftruments. which (hall contain his Maiefty’s nomination and appointment of the regent aforefaid; and the perfon and perfons with whom are to be pro- the faid three laft mentioned inftruments (hall be depofited, their dDn!ed1to . executors and adminiftrators, (hall refpeftively keep, difpofe of, pn^MDoundL anc* Pr°duce the fame unopened, in fuch and the fame manner, to fuch and the fame perfons, at fuch and the fame times and places, and under fuch and the fame penalties, as are herein before fpecified, directed, and enabled, with refpeft to the faid three firft mentioned inftruments, which (hall contain his Ma-jefty’s nomination and appointment of the regent aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid council of regency (hall, from time to time, meet and fit as the faid regent for the time being (hall be pleafed todireft j and that any five of the faid council, but not anv lefs number, being fo affembled, (hall be fufficient to aft as (uch council of regencyj and all afts to be done by a major part of the council fo affembled, (hall be deemed to be afts of the council of regency, excepting in fuch particular cafes, wherein it is otherwife provided by this aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid regent for the time being, before he or (he (hall aft or enter upon the faid office of regent, or within one calendar month after, (hall take the following oath of office] that is to fay,

I A. B. do fobntily promife and /wear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of regent of the kingdom ofGreat Britain, according to an aft o] parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of his majefiy King George the Thirds intituled, An adt to provide for the adminiftration of the government, in cafe the crown (hould defeend to any of the children of his Majefty, being under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianmip of their perfons; and that I will adminjfier the government of this realm, and of all the dominions thereunto belonging, according to the laws, cufioms, andfiatutes thereof; and will in all things, to the utmofi of my power and ability, confult and maintain the fafety, honour, and dignity, of his or her (as the cafe (hall require) Majefiy, and the j welfare of his or her (as the cafe (hall require) people.

So help me God.

and each of the members of the faid council of regency, and their fucceffors, (hall, before they (hall refpeftively aft in or enter upon their refpeftive offices as members of the faid council, take the following oath of office] that te to fay.

The council is to meet as the regent (hall direfti and five (where it is not otherwife fpecdally provided) may aft.

An oath of office is to be taken by the regent]

and by each member of the council,

i

A. B.	do fohmnly promife and	fwear, That will truly andfaithfully	ferve his or her (as the cafe (hall require) Majefiy in the

office

1765.]	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 27.	487

office of one of the council of regency, ejlablijbed by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of bis mqjejiy King George the Third, intituled, An aft to provide for the adminiftration of the government, in cafe the crown (hould defcend to any of the children of his Majefty, being under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianftiip of their perfons; and that I will duly and faithfully execute the faid office, according to the true in-tent and meaning of the faid aft \ and that in all matters and things, which Jhall be moved, debated, and conjidered, in the council of regency, I will truly and faithfully declare my mind and opinion, according to my heart and confcience, and the bejl of my judgement; and will fupport, maintain, and defend the perfon, honour, crown, and dignity, of his or her (as the cafe (hall require) Majejly, to the ut-mofi of my power.

So help me God. tobeadm-inr:

ftered by the

Each of which oaths (hall betaken before the privy council then privy council, in being, who are hereby required and impowered to adminifter and entered the fame, and to enter the fame in the council books.	boolu.COUnCl1

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The regent That the faid regent for the time being, and every perfon who and council (hall be of the council of regency, by virtue of this ad, and of <luahfy the powers hereby given, (hall be deemed and taken to be perfons for officM#and having andexecutingoffices or places of truft within England, and places of trait, take and fubferibe fuch oaths, make and fubferibe fuch declaration, and do all fuch ads as are required by the laws and ftatutes

of this kingdom, to qualify perfons to hold and continue in offices and places of truft, within fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as in and by the faid laws and ftatutes are required.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadedjby the autho- The regent rity aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid regent for the taking and time being, to take and fubferibe the faid oaths, and make and fubfenbing fubferibe fuch declaration, in and before the privy council, and dccl«*tion the certificate of his or her having received the facrament of the before the Lord’s fupper in any of the royal chapels, (igned by the perfon privy council 5 adminiftering the lame, (haH be regiftered in the faid privy and receiving council; and fuch taking and fubferibing the faid oaths, and* making and fubferibing the faid declaration, and taking the faid royai chapels, facrament, (hall be to all intents and purpofes as effectual, as if

the fame had been taken, made, and fubferibed, in the manner now required by law, for the qualification of perfons to hold and continue in offices and places of truft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, upon his Ma^ That whenfoever his pfefent Majefty f whom God long preferve) jefty’s demife, (hall happen to demife, leaving fuch luccefloras aforefaid under during the the-age of eighteen years, the privy council for the kingdom of

Great Britain in being at the time of fuch demife (hall, with aU the privy to* convenient fpeed, aflemble, and caufe fuch next fucceflor, in- council is titled to the crown of Great Britain, by virtue of an aft of the mef twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third (intituled, SccSSrto

be proclaim*

Digitized by

•d, purfoant to a a 1a

W. J.

upon pain of incurring the penalties of high treafon.

The confent of the majority of five or more of the council is ne-ceflary to make good all creations, pardons,

Sifts, grants, s ifpontions, inftru&ions, orders, or authorities.

The recent difabled to make war or peace; to ratify treaties; or to prorogue, adjourn, or dif-folve the parliament, without the confent of the majority of the council. Nor may the regent give the royal af-fent to any a£t for altering the fuc-ceffion to the crown, as eftablifhed by a& ii W. 3.

Anno quinto GeoUQH HI* C. 27; f

An aft for the further limitation of the crown* and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft) to be openly and folemnly proclaimed in the ufual manner in Great Britain and Ireland; and that all and every member and members Of the faid privy coitfi-cil, wilfully neglecting or refufing to caufe fuch proclamations to made, (hall be guilty of high treafon, and fuffer upon conviction thereof pains of death, and all other lodes and forfeitures, as in cafes of high treafon.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaCtcd by the authority a-forefaid, That in the creation of all peerages of Great Britain at Ireland, in the pardoning of all crimes of high treafon, and in the gift, grant, and difpofitipn, of all archbilhopricks and bi-(hopricks in England or Ireland* and of the offices of lord chan* cellor, or lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain or Ireland, of lordtreafurer or trea-farers of the exchequer, or commiflioners for executing the office of treafurer of the exchequer, of lord prefident of the council, lord privy feal, lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal fecretaries of date, mafter of the rolls in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the judges of the courts of King's or Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and barons of the courts of Exchequer in England and 7r/-fandi and of the judges of the court of Seffion, court of Jufticiary, and barons, of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving inftruCtions, orders, and authorities, for the making any treaties with any foreign powers; the confent of the faid council of regency, or the major part of any five or more of them fo af-fembled as aforefaid, (hall be neceflary to make the faid creations, pardons, gifts, grants, difpofitions, inftru&ions, orders, or authorities, good and effectual.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid regent for tne time being, to make war or peace; to ratify any treaty with any foreign power; or to prorogue, adjourn, or diflolve* any parliament, without the confent of the major part of the whole council of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there (hall then be an unequal number in Great Britain; and if the number then in Great Britain, (hall be an equal number then,v without the confent of one half part of the faid council; and that the faid regent for the time being, either With or without the confent of the faid council of regency, (hall not give, or have power to give, the royal aflent to any pill or bills ip parliament, for repealing, changing, or in any refpeCt varying from the order and courfe of (uccefliop to the; crown of this realm, as the fame (lands now eftablifhed in the illuftrious houfe of Hanover, by the faid aCt of the twelfth year of the reigq of King William the Third, (intituled. An all for the fyrtfor limitation of the crown, and better Jfccuring the rights and li forties of the fubjeft) or to any a £t for repealing or altering the a# made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles. the Second (intituled, An Aft for the tint* fortuity of publick prayers* onitidmimfiration of facraments^md other

rites

Digitized by

Google-

1765-] Anno quinto Georgii III. C.27.	2

rites and ceremonies; and for ejlablijhing the form of makings ordain- or for repeal-ingy and confecrating, bijhops, priejlsy and deacons, in the church of™& ^a^ing EnglandJ or one ad of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne9 Car. 2° 13 made in Scotland (intituled, An aft for fecuring the proteflant rdi- or of 5 Ann*. presbyterian church government.)

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho- Members who

rity aforefaid, That the archbilhop of Canterbury, or any other are appointed perfon appointed by this ad to be of the faid council of regency, of t!?e counin virtue or by reafon of his dignity or office, (hall continue no^thd^d?1-6 longer of the laid council than he (hall continue in fuch his faid °n y eor dignity or office, and his fuccefiTor in fuch dignity or office (hall are to be no become one of the faid council; and that the lord chancellor or longer of the lord keeper, or firft commiffioner for thecuftody of the great the^contlniie feal for the time being, the lord treafurer or firft commiffioner in fuch digni-of the treafury for the time being, the lord prefident of the ty or office, council for the time being, the lord privy feal for the time be- Great officers ing, the lord high admiral or firft commiffioner of the admiralty	o^the

for the time being, and the two principal fecretaries of ftate for council, are to the time being, fo appointed to be of the faid council of regency continue in by this ad, (hall continue in their faid refpedive offices, after their offices, fuch defcent of the crown.to any of the children of his Majefty, J,n cafe °f th® during the time that fuch King or Queen (hall refpedively re-crown during main under the age of eighteen years, as well after as before the fuch minori? expiration of fix months from the time of fuch defcent, unlefs ty, for fix removed by the faid regent for the time being, with the confent m°ntJis a^ter; of a major part of the whole council of regency then in being, by confent and in Great Britain, in cafe there (hall then be an unequal 0f the majo-number in Great Britain; and if the number then in Great Bri- rity of the tainihall be an equal number, then with the confent of one halfcounci1$ part of the faid council; or upon the addrefs of both houfes o^rdTof both parliament, in which latter cafe the faid regent for the time be- houfls of paring alone may remove any of the faid officers againft whom fuch liament. addrefs (hall be prefented.

XVIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That the archbifhop of Can- Archbiffiop of terbury for the time being*, and the lord chief juft icc of the court Canterl>uiy,& of King's or Queen's Bench for the time being, notwithftandingi0^ ceh^ their remaining in fuch dignity and office refpecftively, may be j£incVBench removed from being of the council of regency by the faid regent for may be re- * the time being, with the confent of the major part of the coun- moved, in

cil of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there hke manner, (hall then be an unequal number in Great Britain > and if the council*^ number then in Great Britain (hall be an equal number, then as a!fo any 0-with the confent of one half part of the faid council; or upon the ther members addrefs of both houfes of parliament; and that any other of the who aie not members of the faid council not fo appointed in virtue or by fu”h inUvirtue reafon of their dignities or offices, may be removed likewife by their dig-the faid regent for the time being, with the like confent; or up- nities or of-on the addrefs of both houfes of parliament; and within two fices* calendar months after fuch defcent of the crown as a fore faid, in cafe any vacancy or vacancies of any of the faid offices lhall hap- vacancies jiv pen then to be, and within the fpace of two calendar monthsthe council, Vol. XXVI.	U	after

Digitized by Google

290	Anno quirlto GeoRGIi III. C.27.	[176$,

by removal, after every vacancy which (hall happen by means of fuch remo-death, or re- or by thc death or refignation of any member of the faid gnation, council of regency, or by any fuch member’s fucceeding to the office of regent, or by the death of either of their faid royal high-neffes prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, un-fice of regent, der aSe twenty one years, the faid regent for the time be-or by death of mg (hall and is required, with the confent of the council of re-

the King’s	~	~	~	............

younger bro thers, being under age,

up within two months, by the regent and council.

Rights of the privy council referved ; and the regent impow-ered to (um

gency, or the major part of thofe prefent, not being lefs than five, to fill up fuch vacancy by the appointment of a new officer, where the vacancy happens by the death, removal or refignation, of one of the members of the faid council fo appointed in virtue or by reafon of his dignity or office; or by the appoint-ment a new mcm^cr °f ^e faid council, being a natural-bom fubjedl of this realm, where the vacancy happens by the death or removal, or refignation of any member, not being one of the officers named in this aft, or by any fuch member’s fucceeding to the office of regent, or by the aeath of either of their faid royal highnefles prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, under the age of twenty one years, or by the refignation or removal of the archbifhop of Canterbury, or of the lord chief juftice of the King's or Queen's Bemhy from being of the faid council of regency.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall take away or prejudice the rights, authorities, powers, and jurifdiftions, of the privy council; but the faid regent for the time being (hall have full power to fummon and hold, or to caufe the fame to be mon and hold fummoned and holden, in the ufual manner; and any of the the fame as members of the faid council of regency may be and continue of uf^al 5	.	the privy council alfo.

of theCre-	XX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

gency may be That whenfoever, and as often as, the crown (hall defeend to alfo of the	fuch fucceffor as aforefaid, being under the age of eighteen years,

privy council. jn cafe a parliament (hall be then in being, which (hall have met JZ crown anc* ^at» parliament (hall continue for three years, from to a minor, the time of fuch defcent, unlefs fuch fucceflor, to whom the theparliament crown (hall defeend as aforefaid, (hall fooner attain his or her then in being age 0f eighteen years; or fuch parliament (hall be fooner dif-forthreetinUC Solved by the faid regent for the time being with the confent of years; unlefs a major part of the council of regency, then in being, and in fuch fucceffor Great Britain, in cafe there (hall then be an unequal number in flull be fooner Great Britain, and if the number then in Great Britain (hall be

ftlcifpariia- an e(lua* num^er> t*lcn w,t^ <*>nfent of one half part of the ment be dif- faid council; and in cafe at the time of fuch defcent, there (hall be no parliament in being, which (hall have met and fat, then the lalt preceding'parliament (hall immediately convene and fit at Weftminjler, and be a parliament to continue for three years as aforefaid, to all intents and pumofes, as if the fame had never been diffolved; unlefs fuch fucceflor (hall fooner attain his or her age of eighteen years, or fuch parliament (hall be fooner

dif-

folved by the regent with confent of the council; but if there (hall be no parliament then in being, which (hall

i

Digitized by

Google

* 765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2?*	291

diffolved by the faid regent for the time being, with fuch con- have met, and

fent as laft mentioned.	{at,*.the Pre‘

ceding parliament is to convene, and fit for three years j except as before excepted.

XXI.	And be it further enadted' by the authority aforefaid, Succefior to *That his royal highnefs George Augufiui Frederick prince of crown» tValej, in cafe the crown (hall defcend or come to him before his nor^s^ot'to age of eighteen ; or any other of the children of his Majefty, to be married whom the fame (hall c{efcend before his or her age of eighteen during fuch years; (hall not, during fuch regency, be married to any pef- minority, ion whatfoever, without the confent of the faid regent for the ^ of the retime being, and of a major part of the faid council of regency gent and then in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there (hall then be Council;

an unequal number in Great Britain, and if the number then in on Pa,n °^he Great Britain (hall be an equal number, then without the con-	and

fent of orte half part of the faid council; and every marriage fo the perfons had without fuch confent, (hall be null and void to all intents concerned and purpofes; and every perfon who (hall be adding, aiding, a- thcr*in in-betting, or concerned m obtaining, procuring, orbringing a- penalty of bout, any fuch marriage, and the perfon who (hall be fo bjgh treafon. married to fuch King or Queen, under the age of eighteen years,

(hall be guilty of high trealon, and fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,. r f That in all cafes where the members of the council of regency CqUabty of ** fhall be equally divided in their voices, the faid regent for the voices m the time being (hall and may decide and determine the queftion or council, the matter concerning which they (hall be fo equally divided, if flich *?gent lsto regent (hall be pleafed to give his or her own opinion thereupon, the

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, confent of a

That in all cafes where the confent of a major or one half part majority, or of the faid council of regency then in being, and in Great Bri- one halfpart iain> is by this adt made neceflary to the validity of any adt, ciHsmade" matter, or thing, fuch confent (hall be figned by the refpedtive neceflary to members giving fuch confent in the council books; and that a the validity of clerk or clerks of the council of regency (hall be appointed by any a&»the the faid regent for the time being ; and fuch clerk or clerks (hall there-provide books for entering the adts of fuch council, and (hall to are to fign enter the fame duly and faithfully, and (hall keep the faid books, the fame in and (hall be anfwerable for the fame; and fuch clerk or clerks, the council before he or they enter upon the execution of their faid office, Qcrk of the (hall take an oath before fuch council, for the due execution of councji to t* fuch office or place refpedtively.	appointed

by the regent; and take an oath of office.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. All commif-

Thatall commiffions, letters patent, orders, matters, and things, (ions, Sec. to to be made, pafled, had, Or done, by the faid regent for the	°r

time being, either with or without the confent of the faidcoun- ordmof ^o-cil of regency, in order unlawfully to fet afide, change, or vary vemmentfet-the order and method of government, and adminiftration of tied by this government fettled by this adt, during the time that fuch fuccef- during

U 2	for

292

the minority of the fuc-ceflor, are declared void; and the per-fons concerned therein incur the penal ties of premu-nire.

Preamble.

The high court of chancery impower-ed to order the placing out occafion-ally, upon government Securities,

So,0001. out of the general ca(h in the bank belonging to the fuitors of the cdurt;

and to change the fecurities as (hall be expedient; the intereft to be received

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.28.	[	1765.

for or fucceflors refpedtively (hall be under the age of eighteen years, lhall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and pur-pofes; and every perfon advifing, concurring, promoting, or affifting therein, (hall incur the pains and penalties of Premu-nire inflicted by the faid ftatute of Premunire.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aR to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government fecurities, a fum of money therein mentioned* out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court -, and to apply the intereft arifing therefrom, towards augmenting the income of the mafters of the faid court.

WHEREAS by an aR of parliament, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft intituled, An adl for relief of the fuitors of the high court of Chancery, it was, amongft other things enafted, That all the money and cajh then deposited in tbs Bank, or that Jhould at any time thereafter be paid into or depofited in the bank, on the account of the fuitors of the court of Chancery, or any of them, or by order of the faid court, Jhould be accounted and taken to be one common and general cajh, and Jhould be promifcuoujly ijfued and ijfuable vJhen and as the court of Chancery Jhould dir eft, for the anfwering, paying, and clearing, the debts and demands of any of the fuitors of t he faid court: and whereas, from many years experience, it hath been found, that there always hath been, and there now is, a very large fum of money, belonging to the fuitors of the court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the bank: and whereas the offices of the mafters in the court ofChancery are very ancient, and are offices of great truft and confequcnce to the fuitors of the faid court; and the profits belonging thereto are not adequate to the attendance, trouble, and importance, of the faid offices: wherefore, in order to make a further provifion for the faid offices, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of the cafh that now lies, or fhall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the court of Chancery, a fum not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds fhall and may, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, to be made for that purpofe, from time to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, on fuch government or parliamentary fecurities, as in and by fuch order or orders fhall be directed; to the intent that the intereft and annual produce, arifing from the money fo to be placed out as aforefaid, may be applied for the purpofes herein after mentioned; and that the faid court of Chancery may, by order or orders of the faid court, from time to time change the fecurity or fecurities on which the faid monies fhall be fo placed out as the faid court fhall think expedient.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the intereft and annual

pro-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

produce arifingfrom the faid fecurities (hall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, and placed to the credit of an account to be raifed in the books kept there for the fuitors of the faid court, of intereft arifing from money placed out in purfuance of this adt; and that out of fuch intereft and annual produce there (hall be paid, by half-yearly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpofe, the annual fum of two hundred pounds to each and every of the eleven of the mafters in ordinary of the faid court of Chancery, free from parliamentary taxes; which faid annual fums (hall commence from the fifth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and that the refidue of the intereft and annual produce arifing from the faid fecurities, (hall be accounted for, and taken, as part of the common and general cafh of and belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of Chancery; and (hall be ifi'ued and applied purfuant and according to the directions of the before recited a<ft of parliament.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared, That if, at any time hereafter, the whole, or any part of the faid fum of eighty thoufand pounds, (hall be wanted, to anfwer any of the demands of the fuitors of the faid court of Chancery, then, and in fuch cafe, the faid court may and (hall dire<5t the fame, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the fecurities on which the fame (hall be placed to be difpofed of, in order that the fuitors of the faid court may, at all times, be paid their re-fpetftive demands, out of the common and general ca(h belonging to fuch fuitors.

293

and accounted for by the bank 5

and *001. per annum to be paid thereout half yearly, by an order of court of Chancery, to each of the eleven mafters of the court 5 to commence from 5 Jan. *765 } the furplus money to go to, and be accounted as part of, the general cafh of the luitors. If the whule, or part of the fum fo placed out to intereft, (hall be wanted, the court may call in the fame,&c. that the fuitors demands may be paid.

CAP. XXIX.

An aH for repealing the duties new payable upon raw filk imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ for allowing a drawback on the exportation of raw or thrown filk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the exportation of raw flk from Ireland.

WH E RE AS the throwing offilk has, till of late, been carried prcamyc# on to a very confiderable extent in this kingdom, and has employed many thoufands of poor perfons of both fexesy and all ages: and whereas the lejfening the duties nozv payable upon the importation of raw filk, would be an encouragement to the faid bufwefs of throwing of filk in this kingdom : therefore we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflemblcd, being defirous of encouraging the manufa&ures carried on in this kingdom, do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the promaudaf-

U 3	twenty	ter *4 June,

*94

I76$» the du-ties now payable on raw filk imported to ceafe j

and the following duties to take place in lieu thereof j

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 29.	[17 65.

twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fevep hundred and fixty five, the feveral rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, payable upon the importation of raw filk into Great Britain, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from apd after the faid twenty fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the following duties fhall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, in lieu of the faid former duties* that is to fay,

Viz. on raw For every pound weight of raw (ilk imported into Great Bri-filk, 24 oz. to tain9 each pound containing twenty four ounces, the fum of one *hse P°jjnd »r (hilling and three pence.

lib. 1 PCf And for every pound weight of thrown filk imported into On thrown Great Britain, each pound containing fixteen ounces, the fum filk, 16oz. to of fix pence; over and above all other rates and duties by any /It J&Uadcrfd a<^ or a<^s Par^amcnt impofed thereupon.

tional to all

other duties. III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. The faid du- That the feveral duties by this ad granted, (hall be raifed, levied, leaed°ar^Ca°l* co^e(^ec^> Pa^> arK* applied, in fuch manner, and for the fame plied, an aP" purpofes, as the duties hitherto payable upon Italian raw (ilk as the duties have been raifed, levied, colleded, paid, and applied; and all upon Italian provifions of or in every ad, law, or ftatute, now in force, for raw filk, &c. railing, levying, colleding, and paying, the duties by this ad repealed, (hall be in full force, and lhall be put in execution, for raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties by this ad granted, as fully and effectually, to'all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in this aCt.

A drawback IV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho-of is .per hb. rity aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day allowed on Gf June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, upon the ofrawfilkto exPortat*on t0 Ireland of any of the faid commodities, withii* j Ireland;	th/e timp allowed by law, for which the duties chargeable by this

ad (hall have been firft paid or fecured, there (hall be allowed a I and the whole drawback of one (hilling, and no more, upon every pound °f theaddi- weight, containing twenty four ounces of fuch raw filk, fo ex-on°hrown Portec^i anc* of the whQle of the faid additional duty on fuch filk,	thrown filk fo exported; which refpedive drawbacks (hall be

made or allowed according to fuch rules and methods, as drawbacks are allowed by any law now in force relating to the cu-ftoms.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority be exported10 af°refa|d, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of from Ireland, of June% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no raw filk on penalty of fhaJl be exported from Ireland, upon pain that the fame, toge-forieiture ther with thje (hip, boat, or veffel, upon which any fuch raw the^efTe^and ^ ^a** cxPortec*» dipped, or laden to be exported, and all furniture) ^er £uns> tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited, and fee. # (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms or revenue

iq

Digitized by t^ooQle

295

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 30.*

in Ireland y one moiety of all which forfeitures (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall fue for the fame $ to be recovered in fuch and the like manner as any forfeiture, incurred by any laws of the . , revenue, may be fued for and recovered, in the kingdom of Ire- ft£r anj1

crew

land; and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat, aflifting, to or veffel, wherein any fuch offence (hall be committed, know- be committed, ing fuch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and aflift-ing therein, and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be impri-foned for the (pace of three months without bail or mainprize.

CAP. XXX.

An all for more effcftually /applying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with fuch coarfe printed callicoesy and other goods of the produSl or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain \for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better fupply of the export trade thereof -9 and for dif-continuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corny grainy malty mealy and floury from thence to the l(le of Man.

ITT HEREAS the exporting to Africa coarfe printed callicoesy ..

Vy and other goods of the product or manufafture of the EaftFrcam e* Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain, and alfo certain Eaft India goods called Cowries and Arangoes, is very beneficial to . the trade of this kingdom: and whereas it may happeny that the quantity offuch goods imported from the Eaft Indies by the united company of merchants of England trading thither, may not always be fufficient to anfwer that purpofe, and to keep the price of fuch goods in fhis kingdom at a reafonable rate: be it therefore enacted by theEaft India King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-	im-

fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this port from a-prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, broad fuch That from and after the firft day of June, one tnoufand feven coarfe printed hundred and fixty five, in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be^1^8^ lawful fpr the faid united company of merchants of England |ood* ofth* trading to the Eqfl IndieSy and their fucceflors, to import into growth or Great Britainy in Britifh (hips navigated according to law, from manufahure any part of Europe not within his Majefty’s dominions, fuch the Eat* *n-quantities of the (aid goods, being the produdt or manufadlure^f b/ktfor of the Eafl Indies, as they (hall think neceflary for the African the African trade, fubjedt to the fame duties, and to the fame rules, regula- trade 5 tions, and reftridtions, in all refpedts, as are prefcribed and pradtifed with refpedfcto fuch goods imported by them from theuP°n Baft Indies $ fo as notice be firft given to the commiflioners of ^,”1 duties •

U 4	his	1

Digitized by

Google

t$6

and giving notice to the treafury.

and obtaining a licence from them.

Tfthev (hall notfurnifh the market with a fufftcient Tap-ply of fuch goods at rea-lonable prices,

the treafury may grant licences to other Perfons,

they paying one half of the old fubfidy on importation j

and lodging the goods iu the King’s warehouses ; but to have no drawback ;

and to give fecurity on exportation.

Unrated goods, im-portedby virtue of the laft* mentioned licences.

to pay duty according to the price and value, as af-certained upon oath j

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 30.	[1765-

his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, of the quantities and fpecies of goods fo intended to be imported, with the name of the (hip and matter in which the fame are to be laden ; and taking a licence under the hands of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, for the lading and importing thereof as aforefaid, which licence they are hereby authorized and impowered to grant to the faid company, without any fee or reward, or any other charge ; any law, cuf-tom, orufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and beit further by enacted the authority aforefaid, That if the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies (hall at any time negled or refufe €0 keep this market fupplied with a fufficient quantity of fuch goods at reafonable prices, to anfwer the African trade, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, if he or they (hall think proper, to grant licences to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to import fuch goods into any port of Great Britain, from any parts of Europe not within his Majefty’s dominions, in fuch and the like manner, and under fuch reftridions and limitations, as are herein before preferibed and direded, with refpect to fuch goods to be imported by the faid united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaji Indies ; and that the goods, fo imported by virtue of fuch laft mentioned licences, (hall be liable to the payment of one half of the old fubfidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, which (hall be paid down in ready money, and (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods ; and fuch goods (hall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured in fuch warehoufe belonging to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, as the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them for the time being, (hall dired and appoint; and (hall not be delivered out of fuch warehoufe, otherwise than on condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like fecurity, regulations, and reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, as Eaji India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, are liable to by law.

III.	Provided alfo, That in cafe fuch of the aforefaid goods as are not rated in either of the book of rates, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, or in any other ad, of parliament, (hall be imported, by virtue of the laft mentioned licence, by any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, except the faid united company of merchants of Eng-land trading to the Eaji Indies, the price and value of fuch unrated goods (hall be afeertained by the oath or affirmation of the importer, by the like rules, regulations, and reftridions, as are preferibed by an ad pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of

King

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 30.	297

King George the Firft, intituled. An at1 for rating fuelV unrated, purfuant to goods and merchandizes as are ufually imported into this kingdom 11 ^c0‘ lp and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer ; and for afeertaining the value of all goods and merchandizes not inferted in the former or prefent book of rates; and for repealing certain duties Upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples \ and for afeertaining the method of admeafuring piftures imported; and the half of the old fubfidy lhall be paid for fuch goods, according to fuch price and value; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And, in order to promote and encourage the importation of bugles into this kingdom, to be exported from hence to foreign parts, and to eafe the merchants and dealers therein from

the difficulty of paying or fecuring the full duties for fuch goods Aptcr f junc when imported for that purpofe; be it further enadted by the ,76St bugles * authority aforefaid, That no duty or cuftoms whatfoever (hall may be im-be paid, or fecured to be paid, for any bugles which (hall beim- ported upon ported into this kingdom, from and after the firft day of June, ^Ifof the one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five ; other than one half 0\& fubfidy. of the old fubfidy granted by the adt of tonnage and poundage pa(Ted in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se- without any cond, which (hall be paid down in ready money, and (hall not drawback be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the J-^n.exporta* fame goods ; provided fuch bugles (hall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured in fuch warehoufe belonging to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, as the commiffioners of his Ki^rware-Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them for the time houie, being, (hall diredt and appoint$ and (hall not be delivered out of fuch warehoufe but upon the following conditions; that is to ^itglvins fay, if fuch bugles, or any pan thereof, (hall be delivered for exportation ; exportation to foreign parts, the fame (hall be fubjedf to the like fecuritv, regulations, and reftridtions, as Eafl India goods, pro- ^mccon hibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, are now liable to by fUmption” law ; but if fuch bugles, or any part thereof, (hall be taken out in order to be ufed in this kingdom, the perfon or perfons fo the full duty it taking out the fame, lhall firft pay up the remainder of the du- then to be ties which would have been due and payable upon the importa- Paid* tion of fuch goods into this kingdom ; and they (hall, in all o-ther refpeefs, be liable to the fame reftridtions and regulations, as they would have been fubject and liable to if this adt had not * been made.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadfed, That jf they fl^u if fuch bugles (hall not be either exported, or the full duties paid not be export-for the fame, within five years from the importation thereof, but «d, or the full (hall then continue and be dill remaining in the faid warehoufes; ^^paid

in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflion- year^n. 5 ers of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three or more of tne commif-them, to caufe the faid bugles, fo remaining, to be publickly Goners of the fold by audfion, or inch of candle, to the beft bidder; and the c^°msr^ay money arifing by fuch fale to be applied, firft, in difeharge of	pub-

the faid duties and the expences of fuch fale 5 and the overplus, lick fale, and

if

deduct the duties and charges.

Bugles imported before a June, 1765, for which duties were paid

being duly warehoufed, are to be allowed the drawback on exportation, &c.

Bugles imported after the faid 1 June, not being ware-houled,

are to pay full duties, fubjeft to the

Commiffion-ers of the coftoms im-powered to grant licences at any time before 5 July, next, for importation f rom the i(le of Man, of rum, brandy, iron, gunpowder, andEaft India goods,

&c. proper for the African trade, which were imported there before 1 March 1765 i

due notice being firlt given them of the Quantities and lpecies, &c. and oath made Such goods to pay only

Anno quinto Georg u III. c. 30.	[ 17^5.

if any, to be paid to the importer or proprietor of fuch bugles* or otner perfons authorized to receive the fame.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons having in his or their cut-tody, any bugles, imported before the faid firft day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for which the duties have been paid or fecured according to law, who (hall, on or before the faid firft day of June, bring and depofit, or caufe to be brought and depofited, fuch bugles, in fuch warehoufe as (hall be approved of by thecommiflioners aforefaid for that purpofe, (hall thereupon be repaid and allowed, by the collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms at the port where fuch bugles were imported, all the duties which fuch bugles would be intitled to draw back upon the exportation thereof, in the fame manner and form as if fuch bugles were adtually exported : and the fame (hall be liable to the fame rules and regulations as they would be liable to, by this adt, if they had been warehoufed upon their firft importation.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of June, every perfon importing any bugles into Great Britainy which (hall not be warehoufed in the manner herein before di-redted, (hall pay down in ready money all the feveral duties due for the fame, fubjedt to the ufual difeounts j any law, cuftom, orufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

ufual difeounts.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the cuftoms in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, at any time before the fifth day of July9 next, but no longer, to grant licence without fee or reward, it\ fuch cafes as they (hall think proper, to any perfon or perfons, to import into any port in England from the ifle of Many in Brit tijb (hips navigated according to law, any quantity of rum, brandy, iron, gunpowder, cowries, arangoes, and fuch coarfe printed calicoes, of theprodudt and manufadture of the Eaji Indies, as are tfit and neceflary for the African trade, which were imported into the faid ifle of Man before the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five ; fo as notice be firft given to the faid commiffioners of the quantities, fpecies, and package of fuch goods, fo intended to be imported, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the (hip and mafter in which the fame are intended to be laden, and the port into which they are intended to be brought; and proof be made by oath of the proprietor (or if the proprietor be a Quaker, by his affirmation) and by the oath of one other credible perfon, of the time when the goods, for which fuch licence is de-fired, were imported into the faid ifle of Man.

of the time of importation.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That the goods fo imported, by virtue of fuch licence, (hall not be liable to the payment of

v	any

Digitized by LjOOQle

1765*] Anno quinto Georgii IIL c. 30.	299

any cuftoms or duties whatfoever, other than one half of the one half of old fubfidy granted by the adt of tonnage and poundage, paffed the old fubfidy in the twelfth year of the reign of Charles the Second, which (hall be paid down in ready money, and (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods ; and that all fuch goods, except gunpowder, (hall, upon land- and to be ing, be immediately lodged and Secured in fuch warehoufes be- warehoufed longing to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, as the faid uP°n landing commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall diredt and appoint; and that , , all gunpowder, fo imported, (hall be immediately lodged and ^wde^^n* fecured in fuch warehoufe or magazine as (hall be provided at cured, the expence of the proprietor of fuch gunpowder, and approved of by the faid commiffioners, under the joint locks of the King and the faid proprietor; and upon entry of any of the goods	of

aforefaid, the licence granted for importing the fame (hall be the licence to delivered up by the mafter, or other perfon taking charge of the be delivered veflel, to the colle&or or other principal officer of the cuftoms UP» at the port of importation, to be by fuch officer tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms to be cancelled : and the	e	N

faid goods (hall not be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or ma- commiffion-gazine in which they (hall be fecured as aforefaid, otherwife than era. on condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like fecu-rities, regulations, and reftri&ions, penalties and forfeitures, as cx^rtation. Eajl India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Bri-tain aie liable toby law; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

A. Provided always. That the faid one half of the old fubfidy for fuch of the goods aforefaid, as are unrated in either of the Unrated goods books of rates made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, or in any other a<ft of parliament, (hall be paid to pay accord-according to the price and value of fuch goods, to be afeertain- ing to the ed by the oath or affirmation of the importer, by the like rules, pncc an<* Tt’ regulations, and preferiptions, as are preferibed and pra&ifed by law for other unrated goods imported into this kingdom.

XI. And whereas it is proper, that the bounty payable in From and af-Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances payable in Ire- tcr 1 J^nc> land, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, ^unty upon exported to the ifle of Man, (hould bedifeontinued ; be it there- exportation fore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the of corn, See. firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no th*ifle of bounty (half be allowed or paid for any fort of com, grain, malt, di^ntiiiued. meal, or flour, which (hall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to the ifle of Man ; and that no bounty or allow-	°f

ance (hall be allowed or paid for any fort of corn, grain, malt, jnc^dcdln meal, or flour, which (hall be entered for exportation from Ire- the bonds to land to the faid ifle ; and that the faid ifle of Man (hall be added be given on to and included in the bond, which is now by law required to exportation to be given upon the exportation of fuch corn, grain, wait, t0 parts be! meal, or flour, to parts beyond the feas.	youd the fea^

XJL Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein

Digitized by (^.ooQle

300	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 31.	[176^.

Right* of the in contained, (hall be conftrued to prejudice fuch right and pri-Eaft India vileges as are given to the united company of merchants of Eng-ferv«?.ny rC" trac^ng t0 the Indies, by the charter granted by his late majefty King William the third, in the tenth year of his reign, otherwifc than is herein before contained.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon Limitation of or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the de-a ions. fendant or defendants, in fuch action or fuit, may plead the ge-

Generai ilTue. nera^ l^ue* anc^ S*ve a<^ anc^ t^ie Special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff ihall be nonfuited, or difeon-tinue hisadion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall rp . 1. recover treble cofts ; and have the like remedy for the lame, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

%	CAP.	XXXI.

An aft to discontinue^ for a limited tim^the duties upon wheat and wheat flour imported; and alfo the bounty payable on the exportation of wheat and wheat flour.

Preamble. AT THERE AS the difeontinuing of the duties, for a limited VV time, upon wheat and wheat flour imported into this kingdom, may be of advantage to his Majefty’s fubjeds, be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the parting this ad, Duties difeon-no fubfidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition whatfoever tinued upon ihall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any fuch wheat wheat or wheat flour, which (hall be imported into this kingdom flouras^iall at any time or times before the twenty fourth day of dugufly be imported one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five \ but that all luch before 24. Au- wheat and wheat flour (hall and may be imported, brought in guft, 17655 and landed, duty free ; and may alfo be carried coaftwife, un-and the fame der fuch regulations as corn of the growth of this kingdom is allowed to be now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before thefaid earned coatt- twenty fourth day of Augufl \ any former law, ftatute, ad or W1 e*	ads of parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

t II. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-t* madeoft0 Ntyaforefaid, That a due entry (hall be made, in fuch manner fiichimporta- an^ form as were ufed and pradifed before the making of this lion,	ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which (hall be imported, or

brought into this kingdom, before the faid twenty fourth day of AugujU at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which on {penalty of the fame (hall be imported or brought in ; or otharwife in default Sutiof ^ makinS entry> fuc^ wheat and wheat flour (hall be liable and fubjed to fuch and the fame duties, as were payable upon

1765.] Anno quinto Georg 11 III. c.32.	301

on the importation thereof before the making of this ad; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

ifl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon a&lons* or perfons, for anything done in purfuance of this ad, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defen-dants in any fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and GeneraI j“ue* give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover Trcbje co^g treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law; and if fuch adion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom fuch action or fuit (hall be brought, (hall allow the defender to plead this ad on his defence; and if the purfuer (hall not infift on his adion, or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defender (hall r.nd may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any fuch adion or fuit.	coSed for

IV . And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That a rime upon, from and after the palling of this ad, no bounty (hall be allow- all wheat ed or payable, upon the exportation of wheat or wheat flour <>r whea* from Great Britain, until and after the twenty fourth day of Stallrbe Augujl next.	ported from

Great Britain.

CAP. XXXII.

An a£l to enable bis Majejty, with the advice of bis privy council, to prohibit the exportation of uleat, wbeaten meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and Jlarcb, during tie next reccfs of parliament, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the ne~ ceffity of the time may require, and he, in bis wifdom fhall think convenient and needful.

\^^HEREAS the prices of wheat, wheaten meal, flour,p * * bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, are at prefent very high, andmam e* may become higher, to the great prejudice of his Majefty’s fub-jeds, if not timely prevented; may it therefore pleafe your ma-jefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, during the next recefs of ^^d dur-parliament, by and with the advice of his privy council, from i„g the next" time to time, as often as the price of wheat (hall be at fix (hii- necefs of par-lings per bufhel, or upwards, at the market at bear key, to pro- liament, with

hibit

Digitized by

Google

$oi

the advice of his privy council,

to prohibit by proclamation, the exportation of wheat, &c. from Great Britain or Ireland, when the price thereof at Bear Key, fhall be at 6s. per bufhel $ and if any ihall be exported contrary thereto the fame is forfeited $ with 20S. per bulhel for fuch wheat. &c. and i id. per lib* for fuch bread, &c.

together with the veflel, &c. to be recovered in the fe-veral courts within England.

Scotland.

and Ireland.

and the matter and crew to be committed.

Arty officer of the cuftoms, or other per-fon authorized by the treafury, may make fuch feizure, &€.

Anno quirito GeoRGH III, c.	[176^,

hibit the exportation from Great Britain or Ireland, any fort of wheat, wheaten meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, or (larch, as his Ma-jefty, in hi9 great wifdom, (hall think convenient and needful, and as the neceffity of the times may require, and in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall think fit to dired; any thing in any a& or adtsof parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all the faid commodities that (hall be exported, (hipped, or carried out, within any of the times appointed by his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, by his royal proclamation for prohibiting the exportation thereof during the next recefs of parliament, (hall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every bu(hel of wheat, wheaten meal, or flour, and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain for every pound weight of bread* bifeuit, or (tarch, and fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity, which (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or put on board to be exported ; and alfo the (hip, boat, or veflel, upon which any of the faid commodities (hall be exported, (hipt, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and the othef moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame: and for offences that (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, fuoh penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at We[iminjlery or before the juftices of aflize, or at the great feflions in IVales^ of by information at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed ; ana in fuch fuitno efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed ; and for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by rtdtion, or fummary bill or information, in the courts of feflions or exchequer in Scotland: and for offences which (hall be committed in Ireland, in his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence (hall be committed: and that the mafter, and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat, or veflel* wherein any fuch offence (hall be committed, knowing fuch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and affifting thereunto and being thereof duly convidted in any fuch courts as afore-faid, (hall be imprifoned for the fpaceof three calendar months without bail or mainprize.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-fons, being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take or feize all fuch of the faid commodities not allowed to be exported by this adt, or by his Majefty’s royal proclamation, or fuch order of council in

pur-

Digitized by L^ooQle

*7^5*] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 32.	303

purfuance of this aft, as he or they (hall happen to find, know or difcover to be laid on board any (hip, or other veflel or boat at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported or conveyed out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this aft; and alfo the (hip, veflel or boat, in which the fame (hall be found 5 and to bring the faid goods to the King’s warehoufe or warehotifes, belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the place where fuch feizures (hall be made, or to fome other fafe place (where there are no fuch warehoufes) in order to be proceeded againft according to law ; and in cafe of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this aft.

III.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein Provifions ne-contained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation, or car- ^(fary f°r a rying out, of fuch or fo much of the faid commodities as (hall tolP8

be neceflary to be carried in any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or veflels, in their refpeftive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet and fupport of the commanders, matters, mariners, paflengers or others, in the fame (hips or veflels only; or for the victualling or for viftual-or providing any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips fog the King’s or veflels in his Majefty’s fervice; or for his Majefty’s forces, or forts or garrifons; anything herein contained to the contrary rifons, except-notwithftanding.	ed;

IV.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein con- and fuch ajfo tained, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to (hip as (hall be carer put on board any of the commodities aforefaid, to be carried ried coaftwife, coaftwife; that is to fay, from any port, creek or member of

the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek or member of the fame refpeftively, having fuch or the like having a fuf-coaft coquet or fufferance for that purpofe, and fuch or the like fe£urity being fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and difeharg- gjven for the* ing the fame in fome other , port, member or creek of the faid due landing kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is requir- thereof, ed by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay duties a^erttficate112 on exportation, are carried coaftwife from one port of Great within fix Britain to another, and not otherwife.	months *

V.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein and except contained, (hall not extend to any of the faid commodities fuch ^ (hall be which (hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or an§0fro^l° from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, Great Britain or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar, or unto any of and Ireland his Majefty’s iflands or colonies in America, that have ufually reciprocally, been fupplied with any of the faid commodities from Great ^V^heBrii' Britain or Ireland, for the fuftentation of the inhabitants of the titfvplanta-~ faid iflands, colonies or dominions, or for the benefit of the tions fo Arae-Britijh filhery in thofe parts only; fo as the exporter do, before nca,

the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ifland, BritiflifiAe-colony or dominion, iflands, colonies or dominions, for which 1 the (aid commodities are refpeftively defigned ; and do become the exporter bound, with fome other fufficient fecurity, in treble the value there- declaring the of, to the commiflloners or chief officer or officers of his Ma- P^5e, ^

• y which the

jefty s

Digitized by L-ooQle

J04	"	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	III. c. 32.	[1765.

fame are in- jefty’s cuftoms belonging to the port or place where the fame tended, (hall be (hipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby pow-fec«ntVmg cr t0 ta^e fecurity *n ^is Majefty’s name, and to his Ma-ecun	jefty's	u(e)	that fuch commodities (hall not be landed or fold in

any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdoms, iflands or co-and returning lonies, for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and that a cer-a certificate in tificate under the hand and feal of the colleftor, comptroller or due time. other chief officer of the cuftoms, or, if no fuch, of the naval officer, or fome other principal officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed, (hall, within the refpeftive times herein after for that purpofe mentioned (the danger of the feas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and giving fuch certificates (which the refpeftive officers aforefaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or re-Officer grant- ward (hall be demanded or received; and if any officer (halt make any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo landed, fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferving his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any office relating to the cuftoms: ana if any perfon (hall counterfeit, rafe or falfify, any fuch certificate, or knowingly publilh any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or falfe certificate, he (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds;

ing a falfe certificate, forfeits 100I. and is aifo in capacitated;

and perfons forging or falufying a

certificate; or an(j fuch certificate (hall be void, and of no effect: which faid

knowingly publifhing fuch, forfeit aoo 1.

penalties, for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflifted by this aft are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, (hall be recovered in the high court of Admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or criminal jurifdiftion in fuch refpeftive colonies, plantations or dominions; and (hall be divided into moieties between his Majefty and the informer: and the faid bond or bonds, if not profecuted within three years, (hall be void.

VI.	Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to

prohibit the united company of merchants of England trading

to the Eaft Indies from exporting any of the faid commodities

to any of their forts, faftorics or fettlements, for the fupport of

ments abroad, the perfons refiding there; fo as the like fecurity be given, for

are alfo ex- the exporting thereof, as is required by this aft to be given by

cepted, upon p^ons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijb cogiving cun y, jQnjes jn jmeriC(Jt

and fuch as VII. Provided alfo, That this aft, or any thing herein con-are exported tained, (hall not extend to any wheat to be tranlported out of from South- or from the port of Southampton only, unto the iflands of Jerfey fcy and anc* Gucrnfey, or either of them, for the only ufe of the mha-Guernfey, for bitants of thofe iflands; fo as the exporter, before the lading of the ufe of the fuch wheat, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, gWing^curi ot^er ^u®c^ent fecurity (which thecuftomer or comptroller

ty,	Of

Provifions fent by the Eaft India company to their fettle-

Digitized by L^ooQle

3°£

1765.]	Anno	quinto Geor&H III. c. 3 j.

of the fame port hath hereby power to take in his Majefty’s flame* and to his Majefty’s life, and for wHich fecurity no fee or reward lhall be given or taken) that fuch wheat (hall be landed in the faid illands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or one of them (the dangers of the feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, and rchlfnft<| as is herein before required on the exportation of the faid com- a certificate % modifies to the Britijb colonies in America^ and within the time for that purpofe herein after mentioned \ and fo as the quantity and fo as the of wheat, which, at any time or times after the palling of this quantity do adt, and before the firft day of Oftober^ (hall be (hipped at the not cxceed faid port for Jerfey and Guernfey, or either of them, as afore- ^000<luai e * faid, doth not exceed in the whole five thoufand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandittg.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afo'refaid, Rcfum to be That the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being (hall, made by the and they are hereby required to give a full and true account, in commiflioners writing, to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning of the botlf houSea next feflion thereof, of all wheat, wheaten meal, flour, bread, 0f parliament bifeuit, and (larch, that (hall, before that time, be exported to of the quanti-any place whatfoever, by virtue or in purfuance of any of thetics exported* liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpofe;

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority a fore fa id, Limitation of That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid returnTn$ cer-commodities to be exported, other than coaftwife, (hall be re- [^cates'* turned within the refpedtive times following; that is to fay,

where the bonds are taken in refpedt of any of the faid commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of fromAnatricd, the faid colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of the faid bonds; and where to Gibraltar, Gibraltar, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch Guernfey St bonds; and where to the iflandsof Guernfey or Jerfey^ within Jerfey, fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where ®nd to and. from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, a^uinand within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpcc* Ireland re-tively.	fpe&ivcly*

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft to amend and render more effeftualy in bis Majeflys dominions in America, an aft paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament^ intituled, An adt for punifhing mutiny and ddertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS in and by an aft made in the prefent feffion of prearabU, parliament, intituled, An adt for punifhing mutiny and * defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; feveral regulations are made and enabled for the better go-vemment of the army, and their ohferving Jlrtft difcipline, and ' for providing quarters for the army, and carriages on marches and VoL XXVI.	X	Other

306	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C.	[17&S*

ether necejfary occaftons, and inflifling penalties on offenders againjt the fame afl, ana for many other good purpofts therein mentioned; but the fame may not be fufficient for the forces that may be employed in his Majejlys dominions in America: and whereas, during the continuance of the faid afl9 there may be occafion for marching and quartering of regiments and companies of his Majejlys forces in /*-veral parts of his Majefy's dominions in America: and whereas the publict houfes and barracks, in his Majefly's dominions in America, may not be fufficient to fupply quarters for fucb forces: and where-as it is expedient, and necejfary that carriages ana other conveniencies, upon the march of troops in his Majejly's dominions in America, Jhould be fupplied for that purpofe; be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Comtables parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That &c. to quarter f°r ar*d during the continuance of this att, and no longer, it officers and (hall and may be lawful to and for the conftables, tithingmen, men in the magiftrates, and other civil officers of villages, towns, town-WdedforPf°" l^lPs, cities, diftridls, and other places, within his Majefty’s them*	dominions in America, and in their default or abfence, for any

one juftice of the peace inhabiting in or near any fuch village, townfhip, city, diftrift or place, and for no others; and fuch conftables, tythingmen, magiftrates, and other civil officers as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and foldiers, in his Majefty’s fervice, in the barracks provided and if there by the colonies ; and if there (hall not be fufficient room in the {hall not be fa*1(j barracks for the officers and foldiers, then and in fuch cafe there to biuS onty* t0 4uarter an<* billet *be refidue of fuch officers and fol-the refidue in diers, for whom there (hall not be room in fuch barracks, in inns, ale-houf- inns, livery (tables, ale-houfes, vidtualling-houfes, and the houfes bcc. 0f fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houfes or places thereunto belonging, and all houfes of perfons felling of rum, brandy, ftrong water, cyder or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houfes; and in cale there (hall not be (ufficient room for the officers and foldiers in fuch barracks, inns, vie-mailing and other publick alehoufes, that in fuch and no other cafe, and upon no other account, it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and council of each refpedtive province in his Ma-and if thefe jefty’s dominions in America, to authorize and appoint, and they ^ arc hcrcby directed and impowered to authorize and appoint, then in hired foch proper perfon or perfons as they (hall think fit, to take, uninhabited hire and make fit, and, in default of the faid governor and houfes to be ^ council appointing and authorizing fuch perfon or perfons, or in default of fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed negledting or thepurpofe.r refofing to do their duty, in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more ot his Majefty’s juftices of the peace in or near tne faid villages, towns, townmips, cities, diftridts, and other places, and they are hereby required to take, hire, and make fit for the reception of his Majefty’s forces, fuch and fo many uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other buildings, as dull be neceflary, to quarter therein the refidue of fuch officers

Digitized by v^.ooQle

17^5*1	Afino	quinto	GeoRGII	lit. c.3^	507

ficers and foldiers for whom there (hould not be room in fuch barracks and publick houfes as aforefaid, and to put and quarter the refidue of fuch officers and foldiers therein,

II.	And it is hereby declared arid ena&ed, That there (hall ro°be or be no more billets at any time ordered, than there are effective ^crecj than * foldiers prefent to be quartered therein r and in order that this there a^e cf-fervice may be effectually provided for, the commander in chief festive mem in America, or other officer under whofe orders any regiment or company (hall march, (hall, from time to time, give, or caufe gjve |farjy no-to be given, as early notice as conveniently may be, in writing, tice to the ie-Iigned by fuch commander or officer of their march, fpecifying fpeftivc go-their numbers and time of marching as near as may be, to the ^^march^i refpeCtive governors of each province through which they are0ft|52atroopf to march 5 in order that proper perfons may be appointed and and their F authorized, in purfuance of this adt, to take up and hire, if it numbers, fhall be neceffary, uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, bams, or otherthat ^arteri buildings, for the reception of fuch foldiers as the barracks and aC]?ord* publick Jioufes (hall not be fufficient to contain or receive. ingly.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Mijitarv That if any military officer (lull take upon himlelf to quarter ^,1, Mking foldiers, in any of his Majefty’s dominions in America, other- on themleues wife than is limitted and allowed by this a<51; or (hall ufe or of- to quarter fol-fer any menace or compulfion to or upon any juftice of the a„ rs^°„a^ peace, conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer civ^offi-before mentioned, in his Majefty’s dominions in America, tend- cer, to deter ing to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any them from part of the duty hereby required or appointed; fuch military offi- cailuer-cer, for every fuch offence, being thereof convidled before any two £ • Cd lu * or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace living within or near

fuch villages, towns, townfliips* cities, diftridls or other places, by the oaths of two of more credible witneffes, fhall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafto cafhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any military employment in his Majefty’s fervice, upon a certificate thereof being tranfmitted to the commander in chief in America; unlefs the faid convidlion (hall be reverfed unlefs the upon an appeal brought, within fix months, in the proper court convi6h<tfi be for hearing appeals againft convicting by juftices of the peace : appC/aj up9a and in cafe any perfon (hall find himfelt aggrieved, in that fuch Perfons ag-conftable, tythingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, (hall grieved by behave quartered or billeted in or upon his houfe a greater num- ,n£ quartered her of foldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his p"a’j™p neighbours, and (hall complain thereof to one or more juftice juft,ces, and or juftices of the peace of the village, town, townfhip, city, be relieved. diftriCt, or other place, where fuch foldiers are quartered, fuch juftice or juftices lias or have hereby power to relieve fuch per-Ion, by ordering fuch and fo many of the foldiers to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other perfon or perfons, as they (hall fee caufe; and fuch other perfon or perfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch foldiers accordingly.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That no juftice or No juftice juftices of the peace, having or executing any military office or having any

X 2	mm.	1™,itary °*-

com-

fice to be

rented in bil-! eting foldiers.

except where there (hall be no other juf-tice.

Officers and foldiers quartered in inns, or alehoufes, are to be furnished with pro vi iioru, at a certain rate

What innholders, &c. may allow men quartered on them in (lead of meat.

What officers and foldiers quartered in barracks, or hired houfes, are ta be fur*

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 33.	[1765.

commiffion in his Majefty’s regular forces in America, may, during the continuance of this alt, direltly or indirelily, alt or be concerned in the quartering, billeting or appointing any quarters, for any foldier or foldiers, according to the difpofition made for quartering of any foldier or foldiers by virtue of this alt (except where there (hall be no other juftice or juftices of the peace) but that all warrants, a Its, matters, or things, executed or appointed by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace for or concerning the fame, (hall be void; any thing in this alt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enalted, That the officers and foldiers fo quartered and billeted as aforefaid (except fuch as (hall be quartered in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houfes, or other buildings as aforefaid) (hall be received and furniftied with diet, and (mall beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water, by the owners of the inns, livery (tables, alehoufes, viltualling-houfes, and other houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this alt; paying and allowing for the fame the feveral rates herein after mentioned to be payable, out of the fubfiftence- money, for diet and fmall beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water.

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe any innholder, or other perfon, on whom any non-commiflion officers or private men (hall be quartered by virtue of this alt, in any of his Majefty’s dominions in America ('except on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewife except the recruits by them raifea, for the fpace of feven days at moft, for fuch non-commiffion officers and foldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed) (hall be defirous to furnifti fuch non-commfffion officers or foldiers with candles, vinegar^ and fait, and with fmall beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to fuch non-commiffion officers or foldiers the ufe of fire, and the neceflary untenfils for dreffing and eating their meat, and lhall give notice of fuch his defire to the commanding officer, and (hall furnifti and allow the fame accordingly; then, and in fuch cafe, the non-commiffion officers and foldiers fo quartered lhall provide their own viduals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that altually does receive, the pay and fubfiftence of fuch non-commiffion officers and foldiers, (hall pay the feveral Turns herein after-mentioned to be payable, out of the fubfiftence-money, for diet and fmall beer, to the non-commiffion officers and foldiers aforefaid, and not to the innholder or other perfon on whom fuch non-commiffion officers and foldiers are quarteredj any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas there are feveral barracks in feveral places in his Majefty’s faid dominions in America, or fome of them* provided by the colonies, for the lodging and covering of foldiers in lieu of quarters, for the eafe and conveniency as well of the inhabitants of and in fuch colonies, as of the foldiers ;

it

Digitized by

,7^5*1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c.33.	309

it is hereby further enadted, That all fuch officers and foldiers, , fo put and placed in fuch barracks, or in hired uninhabited houfes, out-houfes, bams, or other buildings, (hall, from time expend?1* to time, be furnifhed and fupplied there by the perfons to be authorized or appointed for that purpofe by the governor and council of each refpedtive province, or upon negledt or refufal of fuch governor and couocil in any province, then by two or more juftices of the peace reiiding in or near fuch place, with fire, candles, vinegar, and fait, bedding, utenfils tor drelfing their victuals, and (mall beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, to each man, without paying any thing for the fame.

VIII.	And that the feveral perfons who (hall fo take, hire, and fit up as aforefaid, fuch uninhabited houfes, out-houfes, bams, or other buildings, for the reception of the officers and foldiers, and who (hall fo fumifti the fame, and alfo the faid barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and fait, bedding, utenfils for dredging victuals, and fmall beer, cyder, or rum, as aforefaid, may be reimburfed and paid all fuch charges and expences they (hall

be put to therein, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That How the ex-the refpedtive provinces (hall pay unto fuch perfon or perfons all fuch fum or fums of money fo by them paid, laid out, or ex- *rc t0 be repended, for the taking, hiring, and fitting up, fuch uninha- imburied. bited houfes, out-houfes, bams, or other buildings, and for fumithing the officers and foldiers therein, and in the barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and fait, bedding, utenfils for dreff-ing vidtuals, and fmall beer, cyder, or rgm, as aforefaid; and fuch fum or fums are hereby required to be raifed, in fuch manner as the publick charges for the provinces refpedtively are raifed.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a- Penalty on forefaid. That if any officer, within his Majefty’s faid domi- taking monions of America* (hall take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly toeri£nUfe fuffer to be taken, any money, of any perfon, for excufing the fromPbeing quartering of officers or foldiers, or any of them, in any houfe quartered on. allowed by this adt; every fuch officer (hall be caftiiered, and

be incapable of ferving in any military employment whatfoever.

X.	And whereas fome doubts may arife, whether command- Commanding ing officers of any regiment or company, within his Majefty’s o(ficei* may faid dominions in America, may exchange any men quartered in ^cCn^gtbCir any village, town, townfhip, city, diftridt, or place, in his Ma- quarters, jelly’s faid dominions in America, with another man quartered

in the fame place, for the benefit of the fervicej be it declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fuchexchange a$ above mentioned may be made by fuch commanding officers refpedtively, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on fuch houfe or houfes ; and the coiv*

(tables, tythingmen, magiftrates, and other chief officers of the villages, towns, town(hips, cities, diftridts, or other places where any regiment or company (hall be quartered, svre hereby required to billet fuch men fo exchanged accordingly.

X 3	XI. And

Digitized by (^.ooQle

310

Penalty on conftables, &c. delaying to quarter or billet officers or foldiers, after dqe notice |

or receiving money to e*-cufe any per-fon from be-

Anno qulnto Georgii III. c, 33*	[*765.

XT. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any conftable, tythingman, magiftrate, or other chief officer or perlbn whatfoever, who, by virtue or colour of this aft, (hall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any officers or foldiers, within his Majefty’s’ faid dominions; in America, (hall negleft or refufe, for the fpace of two hours, to quarter or billet fuch officers or foldiers, when thereunto* required, in fuch manner as is hy this aft direfted, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of fuch forces; or (hall receive, demand, edntraft, or agree for, any fum or fums pf money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of ex-^ cufing, or in order to ejccufe, any perfon or perfons whatfoever jng quartered from quartering, or receiving into his, her, or their houfe or on;	houfes, any fuch officer or foldier; or in cafe any victualler, or

andonperfops any other perfon, within his Majefty’s dominions in America, ceive the'offi-" liable by this aft to have any officer or foldier billeted or quar-cers and fol- tered on him or her, (hall refufe to receive or viftual any fuch diers billeted officer or foldier fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as a-on them, forefaid; or in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refufe to fomifli them with ne- or a^ow» according to the directions of this aft, the feveral things .ceflaries as the herein before direfted to be furnifhed or allowed to officers and aft direfts; foldiers, fo quartered or billeted on him or her, or in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houfes, out-houfes, barns or other buildings, as aforefaid, at the rate herein after mentioned ; and (hall be thereof convifted before one pf the magiftrate* of any pne of the fupreme chief or principal common law courts of the polony where fuch offence (hall be committed, either by hi$ pwn confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch magiftrate of fuch court is hereby impowered to adminifter) every fuch conftable, tythingman, ti any fum magiftrate, or other chief officer or perfon fo offending (hall not exceeding forfeit, for every foch offence, the fum of five pounds fterling, than °os *	or	tnoney not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than

*	forty (hillings, as the faid magiftrate (before whom the matter

(hall be heard) (hall in his diferetion think fit; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon offending, by war-?-pant under the hand gnd feal of fuch magiftrate before whom fuch offender (hall be convifted, to be direfted to a conftable or Other officer within the village, town, townfhip, city, diftrift, or other place, where the offender (hall dwell; and (hall direft the faid fum of five pounds, or fuch other fum as (hall.be ordered to

____ be levied in purfuance of this aft as aforefaid, when levied, to be

ofthecolony. paid into the treafury of the province or colony where the offence (hall be committed, to be applied towards the general charges of the faid province or colony.

XII. And, that the quarters both of officers and foldiers, in his Majefty’s faid dominions in America, may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfied, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or (hat does actually receive, the pay or

to be paid to the treafurcr

Officers to give notice to mn keepers, &c* of fub-

Digitized by L.ooQle

1765.] Anno qulnto Georgii III. C. 33;	31	x

fubfiftence-money cither for a whole regiment, or particular Gftence^mo. companies, or otherwife, (hall immediately, upon each receipt their of every particular fum which (hall from time to time be paid, n * returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or fubfiftence, give publick notice thereof to all perfons keeping inns, or other places where officers or foldiers are quartered by virtue of this ad: and (hall alfo appoint the faid innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters, at fuch times as they (nail appoint for the diftribution and payment of the faid pay or fubfiftence money to the faid officers or foldiers, which (hall be within four days at fartheft after receipt of the fame as aforefaid, and the faid inn-keepers and others (hall then and there acquaint fuch officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any (hall be) between them and the officers and foldiers fo quartered in their refpedive houfes; which account the faid officer or offi- and their a-cers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the co?nts tobe fame, before any part of the (aid pay or fubfiftence be diftri- cording to the buted either to the officers or foldiers 5 provided the accounts rates otfub-exceed not for a commiffion officer of foot, being under thede- fiftence here gree of a captain, for fuch officers diet and fmall beer per diem, ritablifacd. one (hilling; and if fuch officer (hall have a horfe or horfes, for each horfe or horfes, for their hay and draw per dim, fix pence, nor for one foot foldier’s diet and fmall beer, cyder, or rum mixed as aforefaid, per dim* four pence : and if any officer or offi- officers not cers as aforefaid (hall not give notice as aforefaid, and not im- giving fuch mediately, upon producing fuch account dated, fatisfy, content, notlcc» and pay the fame, upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witnefies, before two of his Majefty’s juftices for the village, town, townlhip, city, diftriCt, or other place where fuch quarters were (which oath fuch juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) the paymafter or paymafters the accounts of his Majefty*s guards and garrifons, upon certificate of the faid to be dif-jjuftices before whom fuch oath was made, of the fum due up- chrrged out on fuch accounts, and the perfons to whom the fame is owing,	ar’

are hereby required and authorized to pay and fatisfy the faidrc. ” pay 1 fums out of the arrears due to the faid officer or officers j upon penalty that fuch paymafter or paymafters (hall forfeit their ref-peCtive place or places of paymafter, and be difeharged from holding the fame for the future ; and in cafe there (hall be no if no arrears arrears due to the faid officer or officers, then the faid paymaf- are due, then ter or paymafter are ihereby authorized and required to de- ^bfiftcnce-duCt the fums, he or they (hall pay purfuant to the certificates m0nCy of the of the faid juftices, out oX the next pay or fubfiftence money regiment, of the regiment to which fuch officer or 'officers (hall belong: and fuch officer or officers (hall, for every fuch offence, or for d ^	-

neglecting to give notice of the receipt of luch pay or fubfiftence fi"er toCbe"ca* money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and is hereby de- Jhiered, dared, to be ipfe faflo cafhiered.

XIII.	And, where it (hall happen that the fubfiftence*mo-ncy due to any officer or foldier, within his Majefty’s faid do- * minions in America, (hall, by occafion of any accident, not be

X+	paid

Digitized by t^ooQle



On nonpayment of quarters, for want of money, the officer to snake up the accounts and giye certificates for the {ujpsdue.

Juftices nay demand an account of quartering of the officers and foldiers in order to prevent and remedy a-feufes in quarts-

Juftices in purfuance of orders received, are to iflue orders to

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 33.	[	1765*

Iiaid to fuch officer or foldier,or fuch officer or foldier (hall neg-e<ft to pay the fame, fo that quarters cannot be or are not paid as this a& directs ; and where any forces (hall be upon their march, in his Majefty’s faid dominions in America, fo that no fubfiftence can be remitted to them to make payment as this a<St directs : or they (hall negledt to pay the fame; in every fuch cafe, it is hereby further enadted. That every fuch officer (hall before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where fuch regiment, troop, or company (hall remain for any time whatfoever, make up the accounts with every perfon with whom fuch regiment or company (hall have quartered, and (ign a certificate thereof, and give the faid certificate, fo by him figned, to the party to whom fuch money is due, with the name of fuch regiment or company to which he or they (hall belong, to the end the faid certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the pay-matter of his Majefty’s guards and garrifons, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the perfon or perfons to whom (uch money (hall be due, to the end the feme may be applied to fuch regiment or company refpedtively; under pain as before in this adt diredted for nonpayment of quarters.

XIV.	And, for the better preventing abufes in quartering or billeting the foldiers in his Majefty’s dominions in America, in purfuance of this adt, be it further enadted by the authority aforne-feid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftices of the peace, or other officer, within their rtfpedHve villages, towns, town(hips, cities, diftridts, or other places, in his Majefty’s faid dominions in America, by warrant or order under his or their hand and feal, pr hands and feats, at any time or times during the continuance of this adt, to require and command any conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other chief officer, who (hall quarter or billet any foldiers in purfuance of this adt, to give an account in writing unto the faid juftice or juftices, or other officer requiring the fame, of the number of officers and foldiers who (hall be quartered or billeted by them, and alfo the names of the houfe-keepers or perfons upon whom, and the barracks and hired uninhabited houfes, or other buildings as aforefaid, in which and where every fuch officer or foldier (hall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of rhe ftreet or place where every fuch houfe-keeper or perfon dwells, and where every fuch barrack or hired uninhabited houfe or building is or are, and of the figns (if any) which belong to their houfes; to the end that it may appear to the faid juftice or juftices, or other officer, where fuch officers or foldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punilh all abufes in the quartering or billeting them.

Xv. And be it further ifnadted by the authority aforefaid. That for the better and more regular provifion of carriages for his Majefty’s forces in their marches, or for their arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, in his Majefty’s*faid dominions in America, all

juftices

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georoii III. c. 33.	313

juftkes of the peace within their feveral villages, towns, town- conftables to (hips, cities, diftridts, and places, being duly required there- provide car-unto by an order from his Majefty, or the general of his forces,	e

or of the general commanding, or the commanding officer there their march, (hall, as often as fuch order is brought and (hewn unto one or more of them, by the quarter-matter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, or company, fo ordered to march, iffiieout his or their warrants to the conftables, tythingmen, ma-giffrates, or other officers of the villages, towns, townfhips, cities, diftrilts, and other places, from, through, near, or to which fuch regiment, detachment, or company, (hall be ordered to march, requiring them to make fuch provifion for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as (hall be mentioned in the faid warrant: allowing them reafonable time to do the fame, chat the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen : and in cafe fufficient carriages cannot be provided within any fuch village, town, townmip, cky, diftridt, or other place, then the next juft ice or juftices of the peace of the village, town, townftiip, city, diftridt, or other place, Jhall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being brought or (hewn to one or more of them, by any of the officers as aforefaid, iffue his or their warrants to the conftables, tythingmen, magiftrates, or other officers, of fuch next village, town, townftiip, city, diftridt, or other place, for the purposes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency; and fuch conftable, .tythmgman, magiftrate, or other officer, (hall order or appoint (uch perfon or perfons, having carriages, within their refpedtive villages, towns, townftlips, cities, diftridts, or other places, as they (hall think proper, to provide and furnifh fuch carriages ind men, according to the warrant aforefaid; who are hereby required to provide and fumi(h the fame accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That the pay or hire for rates of car-a New Tori waggon, carrying twelve hundred pounds grofs riages. weight, (hall be (even pence fterling for each mile; and for

eyery other carriage in that and every other colony in his Majefty*? faid dominions in America, in the fame proportion ; and at or after the fame rate or price for what weight every fuch other carriage (hall carry; and that the firft day’s pay or hire for evenr fuch carriage, (hall be paid down by fuch officer to fuch conftable, tythingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, who (hall get or procure fuch carriages, for the ufe of the owner or owners thereof; and the pay or hire for every fuch carriage after the firft day, (hall be paid every day, from day to day, by fuch officer as aforefaid, into the hands of the driver or drivers of fuch carriages refpedively, until fuch carriages (hall be difeharged from (uch fervice, for the ufe of the owner and owners thereof.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That Carriages nor no fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, impreft by authority of this obliged to adt, (hall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this a (ft, to carry a- car^abovc bove twelve hundred weight; any thing herein contained to the 11 cw * contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That no fuch waggon, cart, or car-

riage,

Digitized by

Google

314	Anno	quinto Georgii III. C.33?	[ 1765.

nor to travel riage, (hall be obliged to travel more than one day’s march, if, above 1 day's within that time, they /hall arrive 2% any Other place where <*. ©Sw carri- * t*ier carr*a8es may be procured; but, in cafe other fufficient ages cannot carriages cannot be procured, then fuch carriages (hall be oblige be procured, ed to continue in the feryice till they (hall arrive at fuch village, town, townlhip, city, diftrift, or other place, where proper and fufficient carriages, for the fervice ot the forces, may be procured*

p .	XIX.	And	be	it	further	enafted	by the authority afbrefaid,

cwiltabfes^ That if any conftable, tithingman, magiftrate* or othercivil of* Sec. negleft- ficer, within his Majefty's dominions in America% (hall wilfully ingto provide negleft or refufe to execute fuch warrants of the juftices of the or furaifh peace, as (hall be directed unto them for providing carriages as aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons appointed by fuch conftable, tythingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, to provide or furnifh any carriage and man, (hall refufe or negleft to provide the fame ; or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall wilfully do any aft or thing whereby the execution of the faid warrants (hall be delayed, hindered, or fruftrated ; every fuch conftable, tythingman, magiftrate, civil officer, or other per* fon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fain not exceeding forty (hillings fterling, nor lefs than twenty (hilt lings, to be paid into the treafury or the province where any fuch offence (hall be committed; to he applied towards the aforefaid contingent charges of the province ; and all and every * fuch offence or offences, and all and every other offence or offences, in this aft mentioned, and not otherwife provided, (hall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Ma-jefty’s juftices of the peace dwelling in or near the village, town, townfhip, city, diftrift, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed; wtyo have hereby power tocaufethe find penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendenng the overplus fif any) to the owner.

XX.	And whereas the allowance hereby provided, for the payment of the carriages that may be neceffary in the marching of troops, may not be a fufficient compenfation for the fame, and to fatisfy the conftabies, rithingmen, magiftrates, and other civil officers, their charges and expences therein; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

Col-yto^rc. ^e conftabies, tithingmen, magiftrates, and civil officers, pro-u^expenccs curing fuch carriages, (hall pay a reafonable expence or price of carriages, for every carriage fo procured ; and that every fuch conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, civil officer, or other perfon, (hall be repaid what he or they (hall fo expend, together with his or their own charges and expences attending the fame, by the province or colony where the fame (hall arife.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au% i^am^aHbe t^10r*ty aforefaid, That where it fhall be neceffary to take wag-uecdTarily gons or other carriages for long marches, beyond the (ettlements, provided for an appraiferoent (hall be made of the value of fuch horfes and long inarches carriages, at the time of the taking them up to be employed in

fech

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anno quinto GeorGII III. C. 33;	j	f	$.

fuch marches beyond the fettlemeats, by two indifferent perfbns, beyond the one to be chofen by the commanding officer of fuch forces, and	.

the other by the owner of fuch cattle or carriages j a certificate carriage/arc pf which gppqiifement lhall be given to the owner pr owners of to be Fairly fuch cattle or carriages refpe£tiveljr: apd in cafe any of the cat- appraifed j tie or carriages, fo taken up fpr fuch fervice, (hall in the execution thereof, be loft or deftroyed \ that then, and in every fuch cafe, upon producing the faidcertificate and propervouchr ^ifloft or ers upon oath of fuch lpfs or fteftruCtion, to the payipafter ee- be paS for° neral of his Majefty’s guards'and garrifons, the laid paymaster according to (hall, and he is hereby required to pay to the refpeCtiye owner* certificate, pf fuch cattle or carriages, the fiiqas fpecified, ip fuch certificates and vouchers, to be the value of fuch cattle or carriages fo loft pr deftroyed.

XXII.	And whereas fevcral foldiers, being duly inlifted in Defcrtcrg may his Majefty’s fervice, do often defert fuch fervice 5 for remedy be apprehend-whereof, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That ed, it lhall and may be lawful to anq for the conftat}l.e> tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, of the village, town, townfhip, city, diftriCt, or place, within the faid dominions in America, where any perfon, who may bereafonably fufpeCted to be fuch a deferter, (hall be found, to apprehend, or caufe him to heap-? prehended; and to caufe fuch perfon to be brought before any juftice of the peace or other chief magiftrate living in or near fuch village, town, tQwnfhip, city, diftriCt or place, who hath hereby power to examine fuch futyeCted perfon \ and if by his ponfeuion, or the teftimony of one or more witngfs or witneffes ami comieil-Upon oath, or the knowledge of fuch iuftice of the peace* or* 1 other magiftrate, it (hall appear, or be found, that fuch fufpeCb* ed perfon is a lifted foldier, and ought to be with the regiment pr company to which he belongs, fuch juftice of the peace or pther magiftrate (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the village, town, townfhip, city, djftriCt, county, or place where he (nail be found, or tp the houfe of correction or pther publick prifon in fuch village, town, tpwnfhip, city, dif* triCt, county, or place, where fuch deferter (hall be apprehend-ed, and fraqlmit an account thereof to the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces in the faid dominions in America, or to the commanding officer of the forces polled neareft to fuch juftice or juftices, or other magiftrate or magiftrates, for the time being, to the end that fuch perfon may be proceeded againft according to law : and the gaoler or keeper of fuch gaol, haufeo£G | re^ Correction, or prifon, (hall receive the full fubfiftencc of fuch de- hi/fub-ferter or deferters during the time that he or they (hall fiftence mo-continue in his cuftody for the maintenance of fuch defer- ncy in the ter or deferters: but {hall not be intitled to any fee or reward account of the imprifonment of fuch deferter or deferters; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always. That if any perfon (hall harbour, Penalty on conceal, or affift, any deferter from his Maiefty’s fervice within j*rfo.ns har~ his Majefty’s faid dominions in America,, knowing him to be dc-

fuch, "

Digitized by <^.ooQle

$IS

or buying fol dion arms or clothes. Sec.

Penalty on officer break< ing open a houfe to fearch for deferters without warrant.

Anno quinto GeoRGII HI. C. 33.	[*765.

fucb, the perfon fo offending, {Hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds; or if any perfon (hall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwife receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any foldier or deferter, or any other perfon, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, within his Majefty’s doiriinions in America, orcaufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed 5 the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of fiv^ pounds; and upon conviltion upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any of his Majefty’s juftices bf the peace, the faid refpe&ive penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, (hall be levied by warrant under the hands of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, by dtftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offenders ; one moiety of the faid firft-men-tioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whofe means fuch deferter (hall be apprehended; and one moiety of the faid laft mentioned penalty of five pounds to be pakf to the informer; and the refidue of the faid refpeltive penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any fuch deferter or foldier did belong: and in cafe any fuch offenders, who (hall be convi&ed as aforefaid, of harbouring or affifting any fuch deferter or deferters; or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; or having caufed the colour of fuch clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this alt, (hall not have fufficient goods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for fuch offence, or (hall not pay fuch penalties within four days after fuch conviltion; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch juftice of the peace (hall and may, by warrant under his hand arid leal, commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bailor mainprize, for the fpace of three months, or caufe fuch offender to be publickly whipt, at the diferetion of fuch juftice.

XXIV,	And be it further ena&ed, That no commiffion officer (hall break open any houfe, within his Majefty’s dominions in America, to fearch for deferters, without warrant from a juftice of the peace, and in the day-time; and that every commiffion officer who'(hall, in the night, or without warrant from one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace (which faid warrants the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open, the dwelling-houfe, or out-houfes of any perfon whatfoever under pretence of fearch-ing for deferters, (hall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXV.	And whereas feveral crimes and offences have been and may be, committed by feveral perfons, not being foldiers, at feveral forts or garrifons, and feveral other places within his Majefty’s dominions in America, which are not within the limits or jurisdiltion of any civil government there hitherto cftablifh-ed ; and which crimes and offences are not properly cognizable or triable and punilhable, by a court-martial, but by the civil

magiftrate;

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c.33.	317

magiftrate; by means whereof fcveral great crimes and offences may go unpunithed, to the great fcandal of government; for pcrfoiu Dot * remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority afore- being foldier* faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, one committing thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and for fo long after- any fort or wards as this ad (hall continue in force, if any perfon or per- garrifbn, See. fons, not being a foldier or foldiers, do or lhall commit any not within the crime or crimes, or offence or offences, in any of the faid forts, jurisdi&ion of garrifons or places, within his Majefty’s dominions in America, yernment °* which are not within the limits or jurifdiftion of any civil go-	9

vernment hitherto eftablifhed, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend fuch offender or offenders, and to carry, him, her, or them, before the commanding officer for the time being of his Majefty’s forces there; and fuch offender may ^aP-being charged upon oath in writing, before the faid command- j^beind * ing officer, and which oath the faid commanding officer is here- chargecTon by impowered to adminifter, that then, and in every fuch cafe, oath with thq the faid commanding officer (hall receive and take into his cu- offence, ftody, and fafely keep, every fuch offender, and (hall convev ^ com-and deliver, or caufe to be conveyed and delivered, with afl m it ted to fcft convenient (peed, every fuch offender to the civil magiftrate of cuftody, till the next adjoining province, together with the caufe of his or delivered over her detainer, to be committed and dealt with by fuch civil ma-giftrates or magiftrate according to law; and every fuch civil ® magiftrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every fuch offender, that he or (he may be dealt with according to law; and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to pro~ fecute and try every fuch offender jn the court of fuch province or colony, where crimes and offences of the like nature are ufu-ally tried, and where the fame would be properly tried in cafe fuch crime or offence had been committed within the jurifdic-tion of fuch court, and fuch crime (hall and may be alledged to be committed within the jurifdiftion of fuch court; and fuch court (hall and may proceed therein to trial, judgement, and execution, in the fame manner as if fuch crime or offence had been really committed within the jurifdiftion of fuch court; any law, ufage, cuftom, matter, or thing, whatfoever to the contrary notwithstanding.	/

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Suits in what That every bill, plaint, action, or fuit, againft any perfon or court# to he perfons, for any aft, matter, or thing, to be afted or done in P^frcuted. purfuance of this aft, or the faid other in part recited aft, in any

of his Majefty’s dominions in America, (hall be brought ancl profecuted in and before fome principal court of record in the colony where fuch matter or thing (hall be done or committed ; and in cafe the fame (hall not be done or commited within the jurifdiftion of any fuch court, then in the court of the colony next to the place where the fame (hall be done and committed, and in no other court whatfoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fiud, That where any troops or parties upon command have

oc-

Digitized by

Google

£

ernes*

(aid at the race ot 4s. ad. Sterling, the Spanifh

318	Ahrio	quinto CjEORGII lit. C. 33!	[1765*

flow the occafion in their march, in any of his Majefty’s dominions in troops are to Amricay to pafs regular ferries, it (hall and may be lawful for pay in P the commanding officer either to pafs over with his party as paffengers, or to hire the ferry-boat entire to himfelf and his partv, debarring others for that time in his option; and in cafe he (nail chufe to take paffage for himfelf and party as paiTengers he (hall only pay for himfelf and for each perfon, officer or fol-dier, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payable by fingle perfons at any fuch ferry ; and in cafe he (hall hire the ferry-boat for himfelf and party, he (hall pay half of the ordinary rate for fuch boat or boats; and in fuch places where there are no regular ferries, but that all paflengers hir^ boats at the rat* they can agree for, officers with or without parties are to agree for boats at the rates that other perfons do in the like cafes. Pecuniary pe- XXVIII* And be it further enadted by the authority afore-ualties to be faid> That all fum and fums of money mentioned in this adt, and all penalties and forfeitures whatfoever to be incurred or forfeited for any offence* cailfe, matter, or thing Whatfoever* to be done, committed, or omitted to be done in his Majefty’s milled dollar, colonies and dominions in America* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (hall be, and (hall be paid and forfeited in lawful money of the colony or place where the fame (hall be forfeited or become due, at the rate of four (hillings and eight pence fterling money for a Spdni/b milled dollar, and not otherwife.

Limitation of XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* actions. That if any action, bill, plaint, or fuit, (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any adt, matter, or thing, done or adted in purfuance of this adt, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon or perfons fo fued General iflue. t0 P^ea<^ thereto the general iffue that he or they are not guilty*

# and to give the (pedal matter in evidence to the jury who (hall try the caufe ; and if the verdict therein (hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein (hall be* come nonfuit, orfuffer a difcontinuance, or by any other means judgement therein (hall be given for the defendants or defendant therein; that in every fuch cafe the juftice or juftices, or other judge or judges of the court in which fuchadtion (hall be brought, (hall by force and virtue of this adt allow unto fuch defendant or defendants bis or their treble colts, which he or they (hall have fuftained, or be put to, by reafon of the defence of fuch fuit, for which cod fuch defendant and defendants (hall have the like remedy as in other cafes where cofts are by the law given to defendants.

XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid^ That this adt and every thing herein contained, (hall continue March 1 6 an(* *n ^orce *n *lls Majefty’s dominions in America, from to Y4 Maxell,* ^e tw^nty fourth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven J767.	hundred and fixty five, until the twenty fourth day of March in

the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred'and fixty feven,

CAP#

Treble cofts.

This adt to be in force from 34

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.1

Anno quinto GfcoRGli III. c. 34;	319

CAP. XXXIV.

An aS for applying the money granted in this fejfton of par-liament, for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufandfeven hundred and Jixty Jive; and for punifhing militia men for neglcfting their duty.

WHEREAS the fumof eighty thoufand pounds has been granted to his Majefty, for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for one year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five : in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for fuch militia may be duly and 'properly defrayed and fatisfied; be it <ena£ted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every county, riding, or place, within that _	.

part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or (hall is or be raifcd, the receiver or receivers general of the land tax of fuch (hall be railed, county, riding, or place refpedtively, (hall iflue and pay the the receiver whole fums required, in the manner and for the feveral ufes, general of the herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, for the pay of the faid ^c^raoiubt militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix pay in ad-(hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appoint- yance,accorded ; and at the rate of One (hilling for each fetjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fix pence a week for each ferjeant ** major, where a ferjeant major is appointed; and at the rate fct down; of fix pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fix pence a day for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed ; and alfo at the rate of fix pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expen-ces bf each regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, one penny whereof (hall be applied to defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, on account of their annual exercife; and alfo for half a year’s falary for the clerkof each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; year’s (alary and alfo for the re(pe6tive allowances to the clerk of the general to theregi-meetings, and clerks of the feveral fubdivifion meetings, at the ^c“^,o^nd rates following; that is to fay, To the clerk of the general meet- clerks; ings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and the allow-and to the feveral clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, at the rate *nce* to the of one pound one (hilling for each meeting ; aftd alfo for the cloathing of the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, after fj^vifion the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each ferjeant, and two meetings; pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for and pay for each feijeant major, and each drum major; and with refpeft to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within 2	three

Digitized by

320	Anno quinto Georgii III. C.34*	[176$.

three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

The above II. Provided neverthelefs, That in any county or place, where fum« arenot pay has not been yet irtued for the militia, no pay (hall be irtued my hwnot unt'* ^is Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfence, any three de-before been puty lieutenants, of any fuch county, riding, or place, (hall have ifTued. till the certified to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and to Id. lieut.or the receiver general of the land tax. That three fifths of the havecertified num^er °f private militia men of fuch county, riding, or place* to the treafu- have been inrolled, and that three fifths or the proportion of ry and receiv- their commifiion officers have accepted their commiffions, and e[*	entered their qualifications as by law required.

SVffiW HI. And h® lt cnafted. That all fuch fums of money afore-the men and faid, except fuch as (hall be due to the feveral clerks of the officers. meetings aforefaid, (hall, where the militia has never been em-The money is bodied, be paid by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the to be paid by land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments thce "ft* or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or flerk of the C P*acc» upon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-regiment or rants of appointment to fuch office, upder the hand and feal of battalion his Majefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpedive county, riding, or (except theal- place $ and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands theclerLof	ckrk	or	c*cr^8 regiments or battalions, upon hi*

the meetings) or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appoint-upon produc- ment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of the colonel, or, mg the war- where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each appointment j reg™ent or battalion refpedlively, notwithftanding fuch militia andforinde- (hall have been difembodied; and where the militia (hall be pendant com- formed into an independant company, or independant com-PTea*t0 lhC Panies> fums as aforefaid (hall be paid by the faid receiver captains,Corto or receivers-gedcral of the land tax, into the hands of the re-their order $ (pe&ive captain of each independant company of militia, or to according to (uch perfon as fuch refpe&ive captain (hall authorize to receive the eftabhih- thc feme, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to down in the rccc*vc pay and cloathing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, militia aft of battalion or battalions, independant company or independant % Geo. 3. companies, (hall have been appointed to conlift, according to the eftabliftiment laid down in an alt parted in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ail to explain, amend, and reduce into one ail of parliament, the feveral laws now in beings relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and fuch receiver or A fecond pay- receivers-general of the land tax (hall alfo, within fourteen days {J^madewhlT after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time in 3 months of the faid firft payment, make a fecond payment for four ca-after the fiift $ lendar months in advance; and (hall alfo, within fourteen days and a third after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time monthsaftcr	»econ<*	payment,	make a third payment for four ca-

the fecond. lendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences Receipts of of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or bat-th« p«rfons to talion clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein before n«y ffiaUbc fo mentioned i and the receipts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch y	captain

<7^5*1 Anno quinto Gborgii III. c. 34;	321

captain of an independant company or captains of independant paid, dif-companies, or of fuch perfon or perfons as fuch captain or cap- ch.arSe the re* tains (hall fo authorize to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall ra{vcr8 gCnC~ be a fufficient difcharee to fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land tax for the leveral Aims of money fo by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enabled, That the clerk of each regiment orTheregi-battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch mental and fums of money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calen- ^rksare to dar months pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment orpay battalion refpedtively; and to the captain or commanding officer vance one of each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, two month’s pay months pay in advance for the fetjeants, drummers, and the*° *hc adiu’

. r *	r	r	rv*	c • • 1 tant: and *

contingent expences of his refpechve company; out of which months pay to faid contingent money each captain (hall pay to the command- each captain, ing officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month forf°r the breach private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences j^st8,andUin~ of the hofpital; and alfo to the commanding officer of the^tingent company to which the feijeant-major and drum-major (hall be-expences of long, two months pay in advance for fuch ferjeant and drum-the (aid com-major; and fo from time to time fo long as any money on thatPany’ ^£tam account (hall remain in his hands: which pay every fuch cap-c^man id. tain or commanding officer is hereby required to aiftribute toper month out each perfon belonging to his company, by this ad intitled to re-°f the contin-ceive the fame, as it (hall become due; and (hall, once in every

Jr ear, give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which charges of the uch company (hall belong, or, it captain of an independant hofpital; and company, to the receiver-general, an account of the feveral pay- for the ferments he (hall have made in pursuance of this ad, according to ^td^or the following form:

County of Dr.

To calh received of Mr.-* regimental or battalion clerk, or re- 1 ceiver general, as the f eaf'e Jball be, for two 1 months pay in advance J

bv/uiuaiij j	' \

t tor	-j

from the	f

ie _ of	f

Vol. xxvx

Per Contra Cr.

Paid ferjeant for days pay from the of to the of following —	—

Ditto asferjeant-major (if one in the company)

Paid ferjeant tor days pay from of to the following Paid drummer -j days at fix pence from t the of to the I of following — 4 Ditto as drum-major (if f one in the company) J Paid drummer 1 days from the of C to the of following \ Two months contingen- i cies for men and / two drummers, at fix r pence per month each J

Y

major ; to be • paid to the commanding officer of the company to which tney belong; captains to dtiiribute the pay accord-inglyj and account for the lame yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independant company, according to the following form;

And

Digitized by (^.ooQle

giment, &c. Captains of independant companies to diftribute the

322	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII III. C.34.	[1765.

and pay bade And (hall pay back to the (aid clerk, or to the receiver-general*

s.. as the cafe (hall be, the furplus (if any) of the money by him monies in his r .	^	.	.	J } . J 7 .	.	.	/. \	,

hands, except from time t0 timc received, and then remaining in his hands

the contin- (except the money by this alt allowed for contingent expences) gent ex- which (hall once in every year be accounted for by the captain iTtobe ac-Ch eac^ comPany refpeltively, in manner aforefaid, and the counted for, balance thereof (hall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk and applied to of the regiment or battalion to which fuch company (hall belong, the general to be applied to the general ufe of the faid regiment or battalion, ufe of the re- as t^c 0fficers and captains thereof, or the greater part of them, (hall direlt; and the captain of each independant company is hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to his company intitftd thereto, fuch money as he (hall receive a heir virtue of this alt; and the faid money allowed for the con-men,°andap- tingentexpences of each independant company of militia, (hall ply the money be refpeltively applied to the particular ufe of fuch independant allowed for company, by the captain thereof.

contingent V. And be it enalted, That the faid regimental or battalion Clerk to*re- clerk may and (hall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo by tain money in him received, fuch further fums as (hall complete the allowance his hands tor herein before made for his falary; and fuch regimental or bat-hisown falaryj talion clerk (hall pay to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall produce the cloathinf6 an or^cr fr°m the commanding officer of fuch regiment or bat-bills. B talion, fuch fums of money as (hall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing or the faid regiments or battalions, not exceeding the rates herein before-mentioned.

When the Id. VI. And be it further enalied, That whenever his Majefty’s lieuts. or de- lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, of any Save^xed the county> riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercile days of exer- f°r die militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the cite,	fame to the receiver-general of fuch county, riding or place,

they are to fpecifying the number of men, and the number of days fuch fCrte*to the men arc t0 ab^ent from home on account of fuch exercife; receiver gene-and ^uch receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen ral, fpecifying days after the receipt of fuch certificate, to iflue and pay to the the number clerk of the feveral regiments or battalions, at the rate of feven of men, and (hillings and fix pence per day for the captain of each company, be?bfent ^ an<* at ^ rate °f three (hillings and fix pence per day for each from home, lieutenant, and of three (hillings per day for each enfign ; and Receiver-ge- alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia neral to illiie man^ with the addition of fix pence per day for each corporal for'o^ew^ l^e	to	he	called out to exercife, for the number of

and men to days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home on ac-the regimen, count of fuch exercife; and in fuch counties where there (hall tal clerk, &c. independant companies only, the receiver-general of each flwh^inde- re^Pe^vc county (hall iflue and pay to the captains of the pendant com* independant companies, at the rate of feven (hillings and fix panies only, pence per day for each captain, three (hillings and fix pence per the receiver- day for each lieutenant, and three (hillings per day for each en-^ue^ 1Sto° %n» anc* a^° at rate one idling Per day for each private the captains, militia man, with the addition of fix pence per day for eachcor-according to	6	poral

Digitized by t^ooQle

«765-3

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C* 34;

3*3

poral of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the num- the rate here ber of days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home on ^ d°n*n#tai account of fuch exercife ; and the faid regimental or battalion clerk topiy clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion of over the mo-pay belonging to each captain of the faid regiments or battalions, ney to theie-tbe proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewife [j^ivccap’ the pay belonging to their refpedtive companies*	ln8‘

VII.	And be it further enabled. That the captain of each Cantajng to company (hall make up an account of all monies received and make up their paid by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the fol- account ac-lovting form:

Per Contra Cr,

Paid militia men days

paid additional pay to corporals days

cording to the following form i

County of Dr.

To cafh received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receivereeneral, as the cafe /call be, for days pay of men

Which acount fhall be figned by the faid captain, and counter- by thfm”and figned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, with- counteriigned in ten days after the time of fuch exercife, deliver fuch account, by the com-and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regimental or "iand,ng battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independant company, to ancUIHivered the receiver-general: and fuch accounts (hall be allowed as fuf- with ths ba-ficient vouchers in the pafling of the accounts of fuch receiver lance to the general, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.	cJe,k» .

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That where any

regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or Accounts allhall be embodied, and called out into a&ual fervice, and there- lowed fuffici-by the officers and private militia men are or (hall be intitled to jnt vouchers, the fame pay, as the officers and private men in his Majefty’s	c

other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- troops are ceivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, embodied,

to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company of?nd called out militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, ferjeants, private ^^<5 and militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforefaid for receive pay as the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or inde- the King's pendant company of militia; and alfo the allowance to theotber forces, clerk of fuch regiment or battalion, (hall, during fuch time °fa|j0^aynccsd actual fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant from thc recompany, (hall be difembodied and returned home by order of ceivers gene-their commanding officers, ceafe and not be paid.	ralto ceafe.

IX.	And be it enadled, That the faid receiver or receivers of Receivers ge-the land tax (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings hisJ1*1**1Pay allowance, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each anc«to'cierki meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofc 0f the gene* from his Majefty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants ral meetings, * affembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall alfo to

pay to each and every the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings f^ivifion their feveral allowances, at the rate of one pound one (hilling meetings,

Y 2	for	upon produc-

Digitized by v^ooQle

3*4

ing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants.

Orders to dif-charge receivers general. Regimental i battalion

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.34;	[1765*

for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants aflembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders (hall be to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a fufficient difeharge for the payment of fuch allowances, and be allowed in his and their account.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, (hall give fecurity to the receiver

clerks to give or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding, or fecurity for place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, by a bond accounting to bis Majefty in the penalty of one half of the fum required for for the monies the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to received by which fuch clerk (hall belong, for duly anfwering and paying fuch fums as he (hall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in him rtpofed; which faid bond (hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the nil, and out in refpedtive county, riding, or place, who, in cafe the faid regi-MnoLper^ 6*menta^or battalion clerk (hall not duly perform the conditions formanceof comprized in the faid bond, (hall, and \s hereby required forth-the condition; with to put the faid bond in fuit in the name of his Majefty, his .tj\ey.arc heirs, and fucceflors; the full cods and charges of which fuit, in upon toful?* ca^e judgement fhall be given againft fuch regimental or batta-™ n	lion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid receiver or receivers

general of the land tax, who (hall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all fuch monies as (hall be by him or them recovered thereon; and (hall account for the refidue thereof with the pro-

__________ per auditor of his Majcfty’s revenue ; the faid receiver or receiv-

counted for to ers general of the land tax charging himfelf or themfelves, there-thc auditor, with^ upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them pafled.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant company of militia, in every county, riding, and place within that part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, deliver to the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which

in accounts of (uch regiment, battalion, or independant company (hall belong, their receipts a fajr account in writing, of all monies by him received and dif-ments ^ burfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in purfuance of this and pay over with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay back to the the balance to faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, any furplus of the receivers fuch monies that (hall then be in his hands; which faid accounts figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independant company refpedively, (hall be tranf-mitted by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majedy’s revenue.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaeded, That all penalties, penalties^ &c. all cods and charges of fuit, and all fums of money for which

any

them; the bonds to be lodged with the receivers gene-

cofts and charges, and 51. ter cent. of the money recovered 5 the refidue to be ac*

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies, are to deliver

general ; who are to tranfinit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of

Digitized by

3*5

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 34.

any perfon or perfons is or are by this adt made anfwerable, may, and (hall be recovered in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminfter, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than No one imparlance, (hall be allowed.	able for any

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That no fee or warrant or

gratuity whatfoever, (hall be given or paid for or upon account fum of mo: of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be ifliied in rela- j^^ce <5 tion to, or in purfuance of, this adt.	ibis aft.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That any perfon officers on being on half-pay, and ferving in the militia, (hall and may, half-pay fcrv-and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fubfiftence-

money, by this adt diredted to be paid to captains, lieutenants, receive* the* or enfigns ; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftence-mo- fubfiitence-ney by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be money pay-deemed a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to pre- pantsoren^" vent fuch perfon on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and fuch or perfon (hall take the following oath before fome jiiftice of .the they taking

peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame; the following

oath before a

I A. B. do jwear, That I had not, between the	any	^JJeoath.

place or employment of profit civil or military under his Majefiy, befidcs my allowance of Half-pay as a reduced	in

late regiment of	favt	and except

my fubfiftence as a lieutenant or enfign, as the cafe may be, for ferving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any Jaw* ufage, dr cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

XV.	And whereas great difficulties occur in recovering one of the penalties inflidted by an adt pafffed in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intitled. An aft to explain, amende and re-duce into one aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in being, relat-	*• Gco‘	J*

ing to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; which penalty is to enforce an attendance on the annual exercife, by punifbing fuch militia men (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating them) as (hall not appear at the times and places of exercife appointed as by the faid adt is diredted, which difficulties, if not timely removed, may prove detrimental to the fervice 5 be it therefore enadted by . the authority aforefaid. That if any militia man/not labouring ^J)jtb\jma,;n under any infirmity incapacitating him,) (hall not appear at the capacitated) ” time and place of exercife appointed as aforefaid, and at which neglecting to he ought to appear in purfuance of the faid adt, every fuch mi- appear at the litia man may, for every fuch offence, be apprehended, without any previous fummons, by warrant from any one juftice of the place of exer-peace of the fame county, riding, or place, or of any other cife may be county, riding, or place, within which fuch offender (hall be apprehendedf found, upon oath made before fuch juftice of the peace, that

Y 3	fuch

Digitized by v^ooQle

326

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 34-	£\

fuch militia man did not appear at the time and place appl Oath being ed as aforefaid for exercife; and upon producing alfo to the made before a juftice a certificate, figned by the clerk of the proper fubdiV juftice of fuch meeting of the county wherein fuch militia man was inroj and that he l^at *l appears to him, the faid clerk, by the roll in his cuft was iurolled, that the faid defaulter is, or, at the time of fuch offence d See.	mitted, was a militia man for the county wherein he ougA

and alfo proof have appeared as aforefaid, mentioning in fuch certificate! ITand writing date ^ls inroNment; and alfo upon ptoof.made upon oath \ of the clerk f fore the faid juftice of peace, of the hand writing of the J and if he (hall clerk (both which oaths before-mentioned the laid juftied n r Slke (a‘ hereby impowered to adminifter;) and if any militia man ifo a piW ofone Prc^enc*c<l as aforefaid, (hall not prove to the latisfadion of tl o other of the juftice of peace, before whom he (hall be brought on fuch wt three caufes rant, that he the faid militia man did, at the time appointed & °ii faerc fuch appearance, labour under fome infirmity incapacitating him allowed, or that ^ad then chan^e(j ^is place of abode, and remove!

upon fuch notice and certificate as in the faid ad is for that pur-pofe direded, into the fubdivifion wherein he lhall be dwelling at the time of his being fo apprehended; or that he, at the, time of fuch default of appearance, was inrolled alfo to ferve in .the militia of fome other county, riding, or place, and hath thereby forfeited, and upon convidion thereof adually paid . the penalty of ten pounds inflided for that offence by an a & he (hall forfeit pafled jn the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to ex-10 *	plain and amend the above mentioned ad, he the faid defaulter

(not making fatisfadory proof as aforefaid of one or other of the laid three caufes of excufe) lhall ftand immediately convided of his faid offence by the juftice of peace before whom be /haii be fo brought (whether fuch juftice be of the fame county, rid-ing, or place for which fuch militia man is or was inrolled to ferve, or of any other county, riding, or place) and the faid juftice of the peace lhall then require and demand of fuch offender the immediate payment of the faid penalty; and upon refufal or negled to make fuch immediate payment into the hands of fhe faid juftice, or of fuch perfon as he lhall then dired, for the ufe of the regiment or battalion of militia wherein fuch defaulter is or was inrolled, to ferve as part of the common ftock of fuch regiment or battalion, the juftice of peace before whom fuch militia man lhall be fo convided lhall, by warrant, commit *fld if not him to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where with he*(hall he’lhall ** ^ convided, there to remain without bail or main-becommitted prize for the fpace of fix months, or until he lhall have paid the ’for 6 months, faid penalty of twenty pounds.

XVI.	And to obviate any difficulties which may otherwife a-rife in carrying into execution a claufe in the faid ad paffed in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, whereby the like penalry and punilhment are inflided on militia men who, after Juftice may	having joined their corps, lhall defert during the time of annual

proceed a-	exercife, and (hall not be taken till after the time thereof is ex-

cn in Ukert"	hy the abpve mentioned ad of the fecond year of

the

Digitized by L^ooQie

Iffy.] Anno quinto GeoRGII III. C.35.	327

the faid reign, inflicted on militia men neglelting to appear ; be manner, as it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That one juftice of the jpeace in any county, riding, or place, wherein fuch deferter jng t0 appear 'ihall be found, may proceed againft fuch deferter in the fameatrheap-manner, and execute the like powers in that cafe, as are here- pointed time in before given in the cafe of militia men not appearing at theannuadtter^ time and place appointed for annual exercife.	£ife.U

CAP. XXXV.

An ail for granting to bis Majefty certain duties on the ex-• portation of coals ; and of feveral Eaft India goods \ and upon policies of ajfurance for retaining, upon the exporta-tion of white callicoes and mujlins, a further part of the duties paid on the importation thereof and for obviating a doubt with refpeft to ftamp duties impofed upon deeds by two former ails.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft made in this fejjion of parliament, Preamble.

certain annuities are granted in refpeft of feveral navy, viftu-ailing and tranfport bills, and charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund : we your Majejlys mojl dutiful and loyal fub-jefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, towards making good the payment of the faid annuities fo charged on the faid fund, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majejly the feveral rates, duties, and fums of money, herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly beieech your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and Fr°ra and af. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ^l/the^oN and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the lowing addi-authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June, tionafduties one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, there Ihall beraifed, ***t0 tak* levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc- j. ceflors, for every chaldron of coals, Ncwcajllc mcafure, which dronon all (hall be (hippea for exportation to any part beyond the feas, coals (hipped except to Ireland, the ifle of Man, or the Britijh dominions in *?r exPorta-America, an additional duty of four (hillings, and after that rate beyond^eas! for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above the prefent except to Ire-duties now payable for the fame; which faid additional duty land, the ifle hereby grantea, (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, in °f ^an» an.d the fame manner, and under fuch reftriltions, penalties, an^ nionsinAme-forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the for- rjcai mer duties payable to his Majefty, upon the exportation of coals, are raifed, levied, collected, and paid, as fully and to all intents and purpofes as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the body of this prefent alt.

II.	And it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore- 5I. percent, faid. That from and after the faid firft day of June, there (hall *d valorem on be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs,	*

Y 4	and

Digitized by LiOOQle

3*8

fluffs from Perfia, China, and India ; and on printed callicoes.

to be paid without any ded actio*, &c.

Additional claufe to be inserted in the bond to be given on exportation of the faid {goods s

and a certificate to be returned of the due landing thereof $ if in America, within 18 months.

Bond given on goods entered for Africa,not to be dif-charged, till oath be made by the mailer of the due landing-and difpofal there-thereof with-

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 35.	ft76a

and fuccelTQrs, for and upon all wrought filks, bengals, aid fluffs mixed with (ilk or herba, of the manufacture of Perjiq China, or EaJl India, and upon all callicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or ftained there, which (hall be (hipped for exportation from Great Britain to any part beyond the feas, except to Africa or the Brittjh dominions in America, a fubfidy of poundage of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings, of the true and real value of fuch goods, according to the grofs price at which they were fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the EaJl Indies, if the faid goods were fold at the company’s fales, or according to the grofs price at which they were fold at the cuftom-houfe fales, in cafe the faid goods were after condemnation fold there; which fubGdy hereby granted (hall I be paid without any allowance or deduction whatfoever; and lhall be railed, levied, collected, and recovered, in the fame ' manner, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch allowances for goods loft or taken at fea, as the fubfidy of poundage for any goods and merchandizes exported from this kingdom, may be raifed, levied, collected, and recovered, by any aCt of parliament now in force, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

III.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afbre-faid, That from and after the faid firft dav of June, upon the entry of any wrought filks, bengals, and (tuffs mixed with filk , or herba, of the manufacture of Perjiay China, or EaJl India, or callicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or ftained there, for exportation to Africa, or the Britijb dominions in America, the bond which is now by law required to be given for the due exportation of fuch goods, (hall be with further condition, that the fame (hall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other part or place beyond the feas; and to produce a certificate within eighteen months under the hands and feals of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, refident at the port or place in the Brittjh dominions in America, for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for and landed there, teftifying the landing thereof 5 and for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for Africa, the bonds fo as aforefaid entered into, (hall not be delivered up or difeharged, until proof is made by the oath of the mafter, mate, purfer, or other perfon having the charge of the (hip or veffel, during the voyage in which the faid goods were exported, that the faid goods and every part thereof were fairly landed or dif-pofed of? in or on fome part of the coaft of Africa, and that no part of the faid goods had been relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, or either of them, or any other part or place beyond the feas, except fome part of Africa; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, fuch goods had been difpofed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath made by the mafter, mate.

Digitized by i^ooQle

*7®5*1	Anno	quintoGeorgii III. C. 35.	329

purfier, or other perfon, having the charge of the (hip or veflel, out'beingre-during the voyage 5 which proof (hall be made within eighteen ^ndte con-months from the date of each refpcdtive bond, before the col* firmed by the lcffcor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, exporter’s at the port for the time being where fuch bonds lhall be entered oath* into, who are hereby rcfpedtively impowered to adminifter the p^f to t,e fame; and in cafe no fuch proofs (hall be made as aforefaid, made within within the time herein before mentioned, it (hall and may be 18 months; lawful for the relpedlive commiflioners of the cuftoms in Great otherwife the Britain, to caufefuch bonds to be put in fuit, unlefs they (hall find fufhcient caufe to forbear the fame; any law, cuftom, or p ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further evaded by the authority aforelaid, t juilef That from and after the faid firft day of June, there (hall be 1765, an ad-railed, levied, colledted, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, ditional duty and fucceffors, for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, o*? idl ° or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, writ- poUciwand ten, or printed, any policy of aflurance to be made or entered in- durances to within the cities of London or Wefttmnjier, or elfewhere with- within the in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, over and above weeWy biUs 1 all other duties, an additional ftamp duty of two pence; and for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of and of 11.6d. paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any within all policy of aflurance to be made or entered into within all other ®fhcr PJ1?8 5* parts of Great Britain, over and above all other duties, an addi- Grcat Br,tau,# tional ftamp duty of two (hillings and fix pence.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Claufes and all powers, regulations, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, Prorifion8» forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prefcribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any to t£,e duties former adt or adts of parliament, relating to the duties on vel- on vellum, lum, parchment, and paper (not hereby altered) (hall be in foil parchment, force and effedt, with relation to the additional ftamp duties here-

by impofed ; and (hall be applied and put in execution, for the^i^ti managing, raifing, levying, colledling, fecuring, receiving, and duties here paying thereof, and accounting for the fame, as folly to all in- laid, tents and purpofes, as if fuch powers, regulations, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and other matters and things, were herein repeated, re-enadted, and applied to the faid ftamp duties hereby granted.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The counter-That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit or forge, or pro- toting or cure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, fofgjpg any to refemble any feal, ftamp, or mark, directed or allotted to foi, mp# be ufed by this adt for the purpofe of denoting the duties by

this or any other adt of parliament granted on policies of a(Turance; or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of or vending the fame, thereby to evade the payment of any of the faid counter1 tit duties; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, Umps* or paper, liable to any fuch (lamp duties, with fuch counterfeit

damp.

Digitized by v^ooQle

330	Anno	quintoGEORGii	III.	c. 35.	[1765-

or fraudulent- ftamp, mark, or impreflion thereon (knowing the fame to be Jy ufing the counterfeit) or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, felony!** or	-allowed	to	he	ufed'by	this a<2. relating to the (aid

without bene- Ramp duties, with intent.to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fit of clergy, fucceffors, of any of the faid duties ; every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the faid firft day of June* there (hall be retained out of the duties which (hall have been paid upon the importation of white calliqoes or muflin, for fuch of the faid goods as fhall be ex ported from this kingdom without having been printed, ftained, painted,or.died therein,to any parts or places beyond the feas (except to Africa,,or the Britijh colonies and plantations in America) beiidesthe one half of the rate or duty commonly called Tbe Old Suhfidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the fame, the. further fum Qf two.pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch goods, according to the grofs price at which they were fold at the fale of the umted company, of merchants trading to the Eajl Indies ,

frica', and the which fum of two pounds (hall be retained, without any abate-Briuih A me-	qc	deduction,	our	of	the	net	duties granted on fuch goods

tbns.^31113" rcfpedtively by two feveral aits of parliament, the one made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of King IFiUiam the Third, intituled, An.ati for laying further duties upon wrought filts9 muffin s\ and fome other commodities of the Eaft Indies $ arid for enlarging the time for pur chafing certain reverfionary annuities therein mentioned; and the other made in the third and fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for continuing duties upon low wines; and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures ; and upon hawker x, pedlars, and petty chapman, and upon mujlins; and for granting new duties upon feveral ofthe faid commodities \ and alfo upon callicoes, china ware, and drugs; any law, ufage, or cuftoin, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore -the oath to be faid. That from and after the faid firft day of June, if any white made on ex- callicoes or rauflin (hall be entered for exportation, from this

kingdom to any part of Africa, in every cafe where the exporter is required by any law now in force to (Wear that fuch goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, the IJle of Man, or any Britijh colonies or plantations in America, there (hall alfo be added to and included in the oath upon the debenture for fuch goods, 44 or any other place whatfever in &c" othe'rwife “ parts beyond the feas (except Africa)and if any fuch white than where callicoes or muflins fo entered for Africa, (hall neverthelefs be carried to, and landed at, any other place or country in parts beyond the feas, the exporter of fuch goods, and the mafter or perfon having the charge of the (hip or veffel on board which

10 per cent, of the duties payable on the importation ot white callicoes, and muflins, betides the one half of the old fub-fidy, is to be retained on . the exportation thereof to parts beyond feas, except to A-

Aft 11 Sc la

w. J.

& 5 &4

Anne.

Addition to

portation of white callicoes ancl-muflins.

Landing the faid goods.

entered for; is forfeiture of double the amount of

the drawback, the fame were loaden and exportedj

(hail forfeit double the a-mount

Digitized by ^ooQle

1765.] Anno qulnto Georgii III. c. 35."	331

mount of the drawback paid or to be paid for the fame, and al- treble va-fo treble the value of the faid. goods.	tbc

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thefc duties. That the monies arifing by the feveral and refpedive additional &c. to be paid duties by this ad granted, and alfo from fuch part of the duties Into the ex-as are hereby direded to be retained, and not drawn back on

the exportation of callicoes and muflins (the neceflary charges branches of of management, and of raifing, colleding, receiving, paying, the publick and accounting for the faid monies, excepted) (hall, from time revenue, to time, be paid refpedwely into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wefiminfier? aiftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be carried to and and to be car-made part of the fund commonly called The finking fundy to- ried into the wards making good the annuities payable in refped of the faid faking fund, navy, vidualling, and tranfport bills, charged upon the faid fund by an ad of this fefiion of parliament.

X.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether vellum, parchment, and paper? containing policies of aflurance and charter parties, are fubjed to the ftamp duties granted in refped of deeds, by two ads of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the thirtieth

year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second; it Policies of af-is hereby declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That furance and the ftamp duty of fix pence impofed by an ad made in twelfth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne; t(,ccs6d.Jduty° and alfo the ftamp duty of one (hilling impofed by an ad made impofed by7 in the thirtieth year of the reign of his faid latemajefty King George ad n Anna?, the Second, on every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or tbc (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or by^djoGco, printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, a; not thereby refpedively otherwise charged, (hall be deemed and taken to extend to, and are hereby extended to charge every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any policy of aflurance, or any charter party, made or entered into with Great Britain, after tne faid firft day of June.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, what (hall be That every deed, inftrument, note, memorandum, letter, or deemed a other minument or writing, between the captain or matter, charter party, or owner of any (hip or veflel, and any merchant, trader,

or other perfon, in refped to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effeds, laden or to be laden on board of any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party.

XII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be fued or pro-fecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-fuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general if- Gcnera| fue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if

it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the

de-

Digitized by v^ooQle

Treble colls.

Preamble, reciting claufe • in act %

Geo. 3*

The year, with refpe&to certificates to be made by lieuts. and dep. lieuts. of counties, the militia whereof has not been duly vailed, is to end on the *d T uefday in May in every year;

and the certificates to be

Anno quinto GeoRGXI III. ,c. 36.	[1765.

defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their a&ion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verdi& or demurrer, againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXVI.

An ail to explain, amend, and enforce, the feveral laws now in being relating to the raijing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fecond year of his prefent Majejlyi reign, intituled, An a6t to explain, amend, and reduce into one a& of parliament, the feveral laws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, it is enabled. That in all counties and places where the militia had not been raifed by virtue or in purfuance of the former afts for that purpofe, or by virtue or in purfuance of the faid at7, the Jam of five pounds Jbould be annually paid, for and in lieu of every private militia man therein mentioned to be raifed within the fame ; and that his Majcjlfs lieutenant of every fuch county and place, or any three or more deputy lieu-tenants, at the expiration of every year in which the militia for fuch county and place Jhall not be raifed, JhaU, from year to year, certify the fame in writing under his or their hands 3 and alfo the whole a-mount of the feveral fums of five pounds per man, to be raifed on fuch county not raifing the militia as aforefaid, to the jujlices of the peace, at their general or quarter fejjions next held, after the full end and accomplijhment of the faid year, for fuch rejpeflive county or place: and whereas doubts have arijen, whether fuch lieutenants are compellable to make fuch certificates according to the intent and meaning of the faid aft, and alfo at what time each refpeftive year ends or is accomplifiied; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this a<5t, every year, with refpe& to the certificate herein after dire&ed to be made by his Majefty's lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, of each refpe&ive county, riding, or place, not raifing the militia, (hall be deemed and taken to end and be accomplifiied on the fecond Ttefday in May in each refpedlive year; and his Majefty’s lieutenants of every county, riding, and place wherein the militia (hall not have been raifed, or (hall not continue to be raifed purfuant to, and by virtue of, the feveral alts of parliament for raifing and training the militia of this kingdom, (hall, and they, and each and every of them, is and are hereby required to certify in writing under his and their hand and hands, yearly and every year, to the juftices of the peace of each refpedtive county, riding aod

Digitized by

Google

1765.3	Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 36#

333

place, at their general or quarter feflions which (hall be next made to the holden after the fecond Tuejday in May in each year, that the Jon^nekt militia has not been raifed for fuch county or place for the pre- after{ ceeding year; and alfo the whole amount of the feveral fums of together with five pounds per man to be raifed on fuch county, riding or place, the amount of as aforefaid.	the (urns to bo

II.	And whereas it may happen that fome of his Majefty’s rai c * lieutenants may be in parts beyond the feas, and thereby be incapable of certifying in the manner directed by the faid recited county (half ad and this ad; be it therefore further enaded by the authority be beyond aforefaid. That in cafe any of his Majefty’s lieutenants (hall leas, he is to be in parts beyond the feas, fuch lieutenants, and each and aPP°lnt three every of them, is and are hereby required, by writing under their refpedive hands and feals,to appoint three or more deputy are to certify lieutenants to certify as aforefaid; and fuch deputy lieutenants, accordingly, or fome one or more of them, for each refpedive county, riding, and place, is and are hereby required to certify the fame accordingly, to the juftices of the peace aflembled at their general or quarter feflions as aforefaid.

III.	And whereas in fome counties there may happen to be in counties, no lieutenants, by means whereof the feveral laws now in being, &c. where for railing and training the militia, cannot be carried into exe- thcj? ^jall be' cution ; for remedy whereof, be it further enaded by the autho- more d/** rity aforefaid. That in fuch counties, ridings, or places, as may Heuts-appoint-happen to have no lieutenant, three or more of the deputy ed under the lieutenants* in fuch county, riding, or place, to be nominated r°y^

and appointed by his Majefty’s fign manual, are hereby autho- carry UiVre-rized and impowered to proceed and do every ad and ads that cited afts into are neceflary for the carrying into execution the feveral powers execution, of the faid ads of the fecond and fourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and of this ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, where the That in cafe any of his Majefty’s lieutenants (hall be in parts lieut. (hall be beyond the feas, and no deputy lieutenants (hall be appointed heyond feas, to certify as aforefaid for any county, riding, or place, the clerk

of the peace for fuch county, riding, or place, (hall, and he is j^ntedfthe hereby required to certify as aforefaid to the juftices of the peace clerk of the at their general quarter (efllons aflembled ; and the (aid juftices peace is to of the peace are hereby required to proceed on fuch certificate ccrtify* of the clerk of the peace, in the fame manner as if fuch certificate had been made by his Majefty’s lieutenant in manner a-forefaid.

V.	And whereas by an ad made in the fourth year of the ciaafe in ad reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aEi to explain and a- 4. Geo. j. mend an aft faffed in the fecond year of the reign of hit prefent Ma-

jejly, intituled, An ad to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the feveral laws now in being, relating to raifing and training the militia within that pan of Great Britain called England; it is enaded, That in all cafes where the militia had not been raifed, or fhould not at any time thereafter continue to be raifed, for any county or riding, within which any city.

town,

33 4

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.36:	[1765^

town, or place, (hould not be rated to the rate called The county rate, the payment of the faid fum of five pounds per man, upon the number of private militia men direded to be raifed within every county or riding, lhould be divided and apportioned between each refpedive county and riding, and each fuch refpedive city, town, and place, within the fame, and (hould be paid in the manner direded by the faid ad: and whereas doubts have arifen about the method of enforcing the payment , of fuch fum and fums of money, as is and are in and by the faid ad of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty direded to be paid by fuch cities, towns, and places, as are not rated to the faid rate called The county rate; for remedy whereof, be it further Where the enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fum or fums of byTirtu^of6 moncy> w^ich ought to be paid by any fuch city, town, or

the recited ad, by any

place, not rated to the county rate as aforefaid, (hall not be paid to the treafurer of the refpedivc county, riding, or place, be-city or place, fore the tenth day of September, in every year, according to not rated to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad of the fourth year ratc^allnot ^is Pre^cnt Majefty’s reign, and of this ad, the juftices of be paid by io the peace for fuch county, riding, or place, (hall, and they are Sept, yearly,to hereby required, at the next Michaelmas quarter feflions, to if-the treafurer fue out an order to the overleers of the poor of each refpedive the	P31^ or pl*ce, within each city, town, or place, not rated to

their quarter the county rate as aforefaid, requiring fuch overfeers to certify feflions are to and return to the faid juftices at their next Cbriflmas quarter fef-iflue an orderfions, the feveral Quota's that each parifti or place (within fuch overfee^to c,ty* town> or place> not paying t0 the county rate as aforefaid) certify to the pays t0 the landtax f°r that year; and fuch overfeers of the poor Xtmasquarter are hereby required to make fuch certificate and return accord-fclfontheir ingly; and upon fuch certificate and return being made, the faid Quota^to the Ju^,ces f° aflembled at their Chrijimas quarter feflions, are hereby land tax 5 authorized and required (by their bench warrant, direded to and according any conftable or tythingman, within fuch refpedive parifhes and thereto, a places) to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the iTto be fffue^ B°°^s anc* chattels of any churchwarden or churchwardens, or for levying the any overfeer or overfeers of the poor of each and every parifh or fum on the place within fuch city, town, or place, not paying to the counchurch ward- ty fate as aforefaid,- rendering the overplus (if any) to the own-feers 0(1 °VCr ers	S°°^s	anc*	chattels, after fuch fum and fums of mo-

*	ney, together with the reafonable charges attending fuch diftrefs

who are to be and fale, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and fuch churchwardens reimburfed and overfeers of the poor (hall be reimburfed the fum and fums of money fo levied on them refpedively, by the fame ways and means as overfeers of the poor are reimburfed the money by them expended for the relief of the poor by any laws now in being..

VI.	And whereas it frequently happens, thatperfons inrolled to ferve in the militia, inlift themfelves to ferve in his M jefty’s other forces, before the time of their fervice in the militia is expired, to the great prejudice of both fervices; and it is found by experience, that the provifions in the faid ad of the fecond

year

the fame in like manner as the poor rates.

Digitized by

3 35

1765.] Anno quinto GboRGH III. c. 37.

year of his prefent Majefty’s reign have been ineffeftual for preventing this praftice ; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted, by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the parting of this where any ail, if any perfon who is (worn and inrolled to ferve in the militia, perfon inrol-(hall prefume to inlift in his Majefty’s other forces, contrary to led in the mi-the true intent and meaning of the faid ait, and of this ait,	^

the overfeer of the poor of the parifh or place for which fuch jifty” other man ferves, (hall, as foon as it comes to his knowledge, acquaint forces, the adjutant of the regiment to which fuch militia man belongs, the overfeer of with fuch inlifting; and fuch adjutant (hall forthwith apply to the parifli is to one of his Majefty’s jufticcs of the peace; and it (hall and may admunt * * be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace for the county, riding, or therewith 5 place, for which any perfon fo inlifted was inrolled to ferve in who is to ap-the militia as aforefaid, to iflue his warrant to apprehend fuch Ptya iu“ militiaman; and fuch adjutant is hereby impowered to fend warranta any ferjeant or fetjeants, drummer or drummers, belonging to and fend in fuch militia, to fearch for and apprehend, by virtue of fuch purfuit of the warrant, any militia man fo inlifted as aforefaid; and it (hall off^n(lcr 5 and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for any county, riding, or place, where any fuch militia man backed by any (hall or may be found, to indorfe fuch warrant (upon applica- other juftices tion made to him for that purpofe) and to caufe fuch militia man to be apprehended and brought before him, or fome other juftice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, where (uch and aP-militia man fhall be apprehended : and if it (hall appear upon oath (which.oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) was not ac- S to^the* juftice before whom fuch perfon (hall be brought, thatauainted with fuch perfon was inrolled to ferve in the militia at the time of *uch inroll-his inlifting to ferve in his Majefty’s other forces as aforefaid, fJnderiii^o be and did not acquaint the officer inlifting him therewith, fuch ju- committed to ftice is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to hard labour commit the perfon fo offending to the houfe of correction of and f°r 3 months, belonging to the county, riding, or place, where fuch militia man (hall be fo apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour and the inlift-. for any time not exceeding three months; and fuch inliftinginS ,s void; (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, null and void; unlefstheof-unlefs the officer with whom fuch perfon (hall have fo inlifted ficer pay 5I. (hall, within the fpace of twenty days, pay to the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parim or place for which fuch mi- Jjyg'n 20 litia man ferved, the fum of five pounds ; which faid fum of five to be applied pounds (hall be applied in the fame manner as the money direft- a* by aft ed to be paid for militia men fo inlifting as aforefaid is, by the	,#

faid aft of the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, direfted d,rc c to be applied.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for laying certain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards

Digitized by

Google

336	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 37.	[1765*

wards railing, in fuch manner as may be leaf! burthenfome to your Majefty’s fubjefts, the neceflary fupplies for defraying the publick expences, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates and duties herein after-mentioned, and do mofl humbly bcfeech your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and From and af- temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, ter 14. June, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the 2—5#	twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and

tiw°foUowine ®xt7 ®ve, t*ierc ** rated, collefted and paid, unto his to take olace: Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, the feveral rates and duties viz.	following; that is to fay,

On every Cwt. of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported, 6d. and for every Cwt. thereof exported from Great Britain, *1. 10s.

Duties to be paid down, without discount $ and without drawback ;

and to be paid into the exchequer di-

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, the Turn of fix pence, over and above all other duties impofed by any former aft of parliament.

And for every hundred weight avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabicy which (hall be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, the fum of one pound ten (hillings, over and above all other duties impofed thereon by any former aft of parliament; and after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch goods.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties hereby charged upon Gum Senega or Gum Arabic imported into Great Britain, (hall be paid down in ready money without any difcount or allowance; and (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods; and (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are prefo ibed or appointed for raifing, levying, collefting and paying, the duty of cuftoms upon goods imported into this kingdom, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force; and that the aforefaid duty hereby charged upon Gum Senega or Gum Arabic exported from Great Britainy (hall be paid down without any allowance or de-duftion whatfoever, and (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and recovered, in the fame manner, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch allowances for goods loft at fea, as the fubfidy of poundage for any goods and merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raifed, levied, collefted and recovered, by any aft of parliament now in force, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the feveral claufes, powers, direftions, penalties and forfeitures re-fpeftively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the tody of this prefent aft.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the money arifing by the feveral rates and duties herein before granted (except the neceflary charges of raifing, collefting.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.] AnnoquintoGEORGII III. c. 38.	337

ing, recovering and paying the fame) (hall, from time to time, ftinft from all be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindly oth*r branch-and apart from all other branches of the publidc revenue; and ^ revenue, after fatisfying the charges laid thereupon by any ad of this fefiion of parliament, (hall be there referved, to be from time to time difpofed of by parliament.

IV.	And whereas it may be for the benefit and encouragement of the manufactures of this kingdom, to confine the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and Exportation after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ° from/Mrlc* and fixty five, no Gum Senega (hall be exported from any port affined to or place upon thecoaft of Africa, unto any other place uniefs to Great Britain Great Britain on\y, under the like fecurities, penalties, and forfei- under tures, as are particularly mentioned in an aft of parliament made JJjjj in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in- a8 aremen-tituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafeng of Jhipping andtioned in ad navigation j and alfo in an ad of parliament made in the twenty x* Car« a* fecond year of his faid majefty Kmg Charles the Second, intituled.

An aft to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and regulating &	1*Car,1«

the plantation trade, or either of them, with refped to tfie goods	*

in thofe ads particularly enumerated \ and all the provisions,

powers, and claufes, in the faid recited ads, or in any other ad

of parliament now in force, for reftraining the importation of

any of the goods therein enumerated to Great Britain, or fome

of his Majefty’s plantations, (hall be applied, pradifed, and

put in execution, for reftraining and fecuring the importation of

Gum Senega into Great Britain, according to the true intent and

meaning of this ad, as fully as if the feveral provifions, powers,

and claufes relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again

enaded in this prefent ad; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the

contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft to continue part-of an aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad to render more effedual the feveral laws now in being, for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom •, and for making further provifions for the prefervation of the faid roads.

WHEREAS/y^^ made in the thirtieth year of the reign Preamble, re.

of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad chine claufes to render more effedual the feveral laws nows in being, for the 3° amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turn- Gco§ *• pike roads of this kingdom, it was among/} other things enafted,

That during the time of feven year to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ana fifty eight, the truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the authority of any aft of parliament wade, or to be made, for making, repairing,

Vol. XXVI,	.	Z	or

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 38.	[ 1765;

or amending turnpiie roads, or fuch perfon or perfons as are or Jhall be authorized by them, Jhall and mays and they are hereby required to demand and take for every waggon, wainy carty or carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches from fide to fide at the leajl, at the bottom or foie thereof or for the horfes or beafjs of draughts drawing the fame, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or Jhall be payable for the fame re-fpeblively by any act or alls of parliament made9 or to be madey for making, amending, or repairing turnpike roads \ except carts or carriages drawn by one horfe or two oxen, or by two horfes or four oxen, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of fix inches, at the bottom from fide to fide: and it is by the faid all recited, That there are in Jeveral alls of parliament made for makings a-mending and repairing turnpike roadsy exemptions allowed from payment of tolls in particular cafes in the faid alls rcfpellively mentioned9 and liberties allowed in particular cafes to pay leffir tolls than are charged upon other waggonsy carts or carriages, pajfing through turnpike gates or bars; and that it would tend to the advantage and pre-fcrvation of turnpike roadsy to confine fuch exemptionsy liberties, privileges and advantages, to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches; it is therefore enaHedy That during the time a-forefaidy no perfons Jhally by virtue of any of the faid alls of parliament , havey claim or take, the benefit or advantage of any exemption from tolls, or part of tolls, or to pay lejfer toll for or in refpeQ of any waggon, wain, cart or other carriage, or horfes drawing the Jamey than other carriages of the like nature ought to pay, unlefs fuch waggony wainy cart or carriagey have fellies of the wheels . thereof of the breadth or gage of nine incheSy except as before excepted: and it is thereby aljo enabled, That during the time aforefaidy it Jhall not be lawful for any waggon or wainy having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforefaidy to pafs upon any turnpike roady or through any turnpike gate or bar, unlefs the fame be drawn by horfesy or beafis of draught, in pairs; providedy that where there is an odd horjey or beaft of draughty belonging to fuch waggon or wait:, it Jhould be lawful for fuch odd horfe or beaft of draughty to draw fuch waggon or wainy together with the other horfesy or beafi of draughty drawing in pairs; and providedy that Juch horfesy or beafts of draughty do not in the whole exceed the number of horfesy or beafts of draughty allowed by law; and that it flmld not be lawful for any waggon or wainy having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine incheSy to pafs upon any turnpike roady or through any turnpike gate or bary if the fame be drawn by horfes or beafis of draughty in pairSy and not by oxen: and it is thereby likewife enabled. That any perfon drivingy or caufing to be drivetty on any turnpike roady any common Jlage waggon thereby prohibitedy Jhall be punifhed for the fame by indiblment or informationy and Jhall at the eleblion of the profecutor or informery for every fuch offence, be fubjebl and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures as the owners of waggons and carriages, having the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches from fide to fidey are made fubjebl and liable to$ by an abl made in the

twenty

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1755*] Anno quinto GEoRGII III. c. 38.	339

twenty Jixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An acft for the amendment and prefervation&a£l*6Geo.a. of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto ; to be paid and applied to fuch ufes and purpofes, and to be levied and recovered, as is thereby dire fled; and that no compofition Jhall be made for or in refpefl of any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, or horfes or beajls of draught drawing the fame, unlefs fuch waggons, wains, carts and carriages, have the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches; except as before excepted: and whereas it will tend to the advantage and preservation of turnpike roads, that fo much of the faid at7 as is herein before recited Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enadted by the g	.

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con- the7did aft fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this here recited prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, as is not That fo much of the faid ad as is herein before recited, (hall T (except only where the fame is hereby altered or varied) be fur-is Conti-ther continued from the faid twenty fourth day of June, one nued for the thoufcnd feven hundred and forty five, for and during the time further term or term of feven years.	°f 7 year*.

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall ciaufe in the extend, or be conftrued to extend, to continue a ciaufe in the recited ad, faid ad, which enads. That during the continuance of the g.ra,Jt,ng Par-faid ad, the truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or^saJre^mp-1 under the authority of any ad of parliament, made or to be made, paying full for making, repairing, or amending, turnpike roads, and fuch tons to broad perfon and perfons as (hall be authorized by them, (hall and may,whecl car™* and they are hereby required to permit and fuffer all waggons,agcs,rcpc c * wains, carts, and carriages, having the fellies of the wheels

thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches from fide to fide, at the bottom or foie thereof, and drawn according to law, to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, within one hundred miles from London, upon paying only fo much tolls or duties as (hall not exceed one half or the full toll or duty payable for fuch waggons, wains, carts and carriages refpedively, or for the horfes or beads of draught, drawing the fame, by virtue of any a£t or a<fts of parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amending, turnpike roads; but the faid ciaufe, and every matter and thing therein contained, (hall, exCept the from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thou- wheels (hall land feven hundred and fixty five, ceafe and determine; exceptbe fi*t the wheels of fuch waggons and wains (hall be fixed thereto in r.J|c'1e‘ the manner hereafter deferibed and directed.	m cn

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, How the That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, the £h5e,s ,a^e to truftees appointed or to be appointed by any adt of parliament, order to intitle pa(Ted or to be pafled, for the making, repairing, or amending, carriages to any turnpike road, or any perfon authorized and appointed by the exemption them, (hall, during the time aforefaid, permit and fuffer all from full waggons and wains, having the axle-trees thereof of fuch dif-t0"s*

Z *	ferent

34<>

Surveyor per mitting any

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 38.	[1765.

ferent lengths, that the diftance from wheel to wheel, of one pair of the faid wheels, be not more than four feet two inches, to be meafured at the ground; and that the diftance from wheel to wheel, of the other pair thereof, be fuch, that the fore and hind wheels of fuch waggons and wains (hall roll a furface of at leaft fixteen inches wide, on each fide of the faid waggons or wains; and having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches from fide to fide, at the bottom or foie thereof; to pafs upon any turnpike road, and through any toll gate or bar, upon paying only fo much of the tolls and duties as (hall not exceed one half or the full toll or duty payable, or by this a& intended to be paid, for all waggons or wains having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches from fide to fide, or	for the horfes or beafts of draught, drawing the

fame, and not	rolling a furface of fixteen inches, in the man-

ner herein before fet forth.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That if any furveyor or fur-«.7 veyors, or other perfon or perfons, having the care of any tum-obftru&ion to pike road, (hall, during the time aforefaid, fuffer to be or re-remain on the main, for the	(pace of forty eight hours, in any part thereof,

roads,	within twelve	feet on either fide of the middle of fuch road,

any poft or pofts, heap or heaps of done, rubbifh or earth, fet up or raifed in or above the furface of the faid road, by which the paflage thereof (hall or may be obftrudted, impeded, confined or ftraitened, fuch furveyor or other perfon (hall forfeit and pay to the informer the fum of forty (hillings; to be recovered before one juftice of the peace, whether fuch juftice be or be not a truftee of fuch road5 and (hall be levied by diftrefe and (ale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, which warrant fuch juftice is hereby impowered to grant: and if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her or themfelves, aggrieved by the determination of fuch juftice, he, (he or they may appeal to the general quarter feflions of the peace, who (hall finally determine the matter, and allow fuch cofts, not exceeding forty (hillings, to either party, as fuch feflions (hall think fit; in which cafe no Certiorari mall lie or be brought.

Where tru-	And	whereas	the	truftees	appointed or to be appointed,

ftees (hall neg- by any a& or a&s of parliament made or to be made, for mak-le& to meet ing, amending or repairing, any particular highways or roads, on the dy	may have negledf ed, or may hereafter negledt, to meet on the day

their'firft 0/ aPP°^ntec^» or to be appointed, by any fuch adt or adts refpedt-anyadjoumed ively, for their firft meeting; or to meet on the day appointed or meeting * or to be appointed by adjournment for their meeting, or for want of for want of a proper adjournment; by which means, or fome, or one of adjournment j them^ the intent of the faid a& or a&s may be fruftrated ; be o?the clerfc,* lt therefore ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That in all or may appoint a either of the faid cafes, it (hall be lawful for any two or more of meeting, giv- the truftees appointed or to be appointed by the faid adts refpedfc-ing due no- ively, or their clerk or clerks, to caufe notice in writing to be affixed on all tbe turnpikes that (hall be then eredted on the faid

re*

forfeits 40s.

Appeal may be made to the quarter feflions.

Digitized by LaOOQle

1^>5*1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38*	341

refpedive roads, or, if no turnpikes lhall be then ereded, to caufe the like notice to be affixed, in the mod confpicuous place, in one of the principal towns or places neared to which the roads directed to be repaired do lie, at lead ten days before the intended meeting, appointing fuch trudees to meet at fuch place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the firft meeting of fuch trudees, if no preceding meeting (hall have been held; and the faid trudees when met, in purfuance of fuch notice, (hall and may, and they are hereby required to proceed to carry fuch ad or ads into execution in ihe fame, and as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes, as they might or could have done if no fuch negled had happened.

VI.	And whereas by an ad of parliament made in the twen- ciaufein ty fixth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Se- ,6 Geo. cond, intituled, An aft for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effeftual execution of the laws relating thereto; it is, amongd other things enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any waggon, or other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches, to travel, pafs or be driven, upon any turnpike road, with any number of horfes, or beads of draught, not exceeding eight; and for eveiy cart, or other two wheel carriage, having the rellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage aforefaid, with any number of hoirfes, or beads of draught, not exceeding five; without being fubied or liable to be weighed at any crane, machine or engine: and whereas great damage hath been done to the turnpike roads in many parts of this kingdom, by the exceffive weights which have been carried by fuch waggons and carts; be it therefore So much of enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid jjjj recited ad of the twenty fixth year of his faid late Majedy, as Cmpts broad exempts fuch waggons, carts and carriages, from being weigh- wheel carried at any crane, machine or engine, (hall be, and the fame, age* from be-is hereby repealed; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all trudees appointed, or who (hall hereafter be appointed, u\ereaicdi* by any ad or ads of parliament for the repair of any highway or highways within that part of Great Britain called England, or for any five of them, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, which they have ereded or (hall ered for the re- *nd the tni-ceiving of any toll or tolls, or at any other convenient	j”1-

place upon the faid roads, during the time aforefaid, to order ered weigh-or caufe to be built or ereded, if they think fit, any crane, mg engines, machine, or engine, which they (hall judge proper for the weighing of waggons, carts, or other carriages, for the conveying	, ,	..

of any goods or merchandize 5 and by writing figned by them, or f"Ch wriages any five of them, to order all and every or any waggons, cans or as well as carriages (although thefelliesof thewheels of fuch waggons, cans, others, to be or carriages, (hall be of the breadth or gage of nine inches) which (hall pafs through any fuch gate or bar, or which (hall pafs any SSeepAhofe fuch crane, machine or engine, to be weighed, together with with regulated

Z 3	the	wheels)

Digitized by L^ooQle

and take (over and above the tolls) 108. per Cwt. for all waggons weighing a-bove 6 ton ;

Sc io8. per Cwt. for all cat ts above 3 ton;

to be applied to the repair of the faid roads.

Aft 14 Geo. *.

3W1II.& Mary.

Truftees not obliged to e-reft engines in'purfuance of the faid

for weighing broad wheel carriages.

Where hedges or fences (hall be made with* in 30 feet of the centre of turnpike roads not in-clofed on both fidesj or ground ploughed within 15 feet of the fame; the hedges are to be taken down at the ex pence of the owner;

Anno quinto GeorGii III. c.38.	[1765.

the lading thereof (except fuch waggons and wains as aforefaid, the fore and hind wheels of which (hall roll a furface of at lead fixteen inches wide, on each fide of fuch waggons and wains); and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any perfon or perfons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the toll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the fum of twenty (hillings a hundred weight, for every hundred weight which every fuch waggon, together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh, over and above the weight of fix ton; and alfo the fum of twenty (hillings a hundred weight, for every hundred weight which every fuch cart or other carriage, together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh, over and above the weight of three ton ; and that the money arifing from fuch additional duties of twenty (hillings a hundred weight, (hall be applied to the repair of fuch highway or highways, where fuch gate or gates, bar or bars, are or (hall be placed; any thing contained in the faid recited aft to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in an aft, intituled, An aft for the prefervation of the publick roads, in that part of Great Britain called England, parted in the fourteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second ; nor in an aft, intituled, An aft to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the fourteenth year of his Majeffs reign, intituled, An aft for the prefervation of the pub-lick roads, in that part of Great Britain called England; and fo much of an aft ppflJd in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling the rates of tht carriage of goods; as relates to the fettling of the rates of the carriage of goods, parted in the twenty firft year of his faid late Majefty, nor in this aft, (hall be underftood to compel the truftees of any turnpike road to ereft any crane, machine, or engine, for the weighing carts, waggons, or other carriages, having wheels of the breadth of nine inches, or to weigh the fame.

VIII.	And whereas inconveniencies have arifen for making hedges or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds, near the middle or centre of turnpike roads; for remedy thereof, be it further enafted by the authority afbre-faid, That after the parting of this aft, no perfon (hall make, or caufe to be m*dc, any hedge, or other fence, on any turnpike road not inclofed on both Tides, within thediftanceof thirty feet, or plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within the diftance of fifteen feet* from the middle or centre of any turnpike road made or to be made within this kingdom: and if any perfon (hall hereafter make, or caufe to be made, any hedge or fence contrary hereto, within the diftance of thirty feet from the middle or centre of any turnpike road, it (hall be lawful for the truftees for the care of fuch road, or any five or more of the n, to caufe fuch hedge or fence to be taken down at the ex-pcncc of the period or perfons to whom the fame (hall belong;

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 38.	343

and in cafe fuch perfon (hall negledt or rcfufe to pay fuch expense to the faid truftees, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint to receive the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county or place where the offence (hall be committed, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals (which warrant fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and impowered) to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the o-verplus to the owner on demand : and if any perfon (hall here- *nd the P*r* after plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within wkhm°rhe 10g the diftance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any turn- prohibited pike road, fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings; diftance, for-and it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or ju- lattices of the peace of the county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon complaint to him or them made upon oath (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the oftender’s goods and chattels, rendering the o-verplus to the owner, on demand.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per- Pe.rf0iv ag* fons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by the de-t™ta^ termination of fuch juftice of the peace, he, (he, or they, may Quarter fcf-appeal to the general quarter feffton of the peace, who (hall fi-nons. naiiy determine the matter of fuch appeal, and allow fuch cofts,

not exceeding forty (hillings, to either party, as fuch feflion (hall think fit; in which cafe no Certiorari (hall lie or be brought.

X.	And whereas the truftees of feveral turnpike roads areTruftees may not fufficiently impowered to puni(h nuifances in the feveralprofecute for roads under their care; be it therefore further enadted by thenuifances authority aforefaid. That the faid truftees of the feveral roadsc?mmit*cd 0tt refpedtively, or any five or more of them, may, and they are1"6 roads-hereby required, if they (hall think fit, to dire<ft profecutions

by indidtment againft the offender or offenders for any nuifance done, committed, or continued, in, to, or upon, any of the turnpike roads under their care refpedtively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to fuch turnpike roads refpedtively.

XI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if Limitation of any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or per- a&ions* fons for any thing done or adted in purfuance of this adt; then,

and in every fuch cafe, fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted within (i# calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards 5 and the fame, and every fuch adtion or fuit, (hall be brought in the county, riding, or place, where the perfon, againft whom fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced, doth ordinarily inhabit and refide, or in the county or riding where the fact was committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch adtion or fuit,

(hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the Genera! ilue. fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the avthority of this

Z 4	preient

344

Treble coils.

freamble, reciting claufe W a& 7 Geo. x.

power given to the officers of the cuitoms

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39.	[1765.

prefent ad : and if the fame (hall appear fo to have been 5 or i^ any fuch ad ion or fuit (hall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other county, riding, or place, than as afore-mentioned, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their a&ion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXIX. jin *8 for more effectually preventing the mifebiefs arifing to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandefiine trade to and from the Ifle of Man.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the feventb year of the reign of King George the Firjl, intituled, An adfc for the further preventing his Majefty’s fubje^s from trading to the Eaft Indies under foreign com millions j and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the IJk of Thanet; it is, amongjl other things enabled. That no commodity of the growth, product or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, or jotber places beyond the Cape of' Good Hope, /hall be imported or carried into the iflands of Jerfey, Gucrnfey, Alderney, Sarke or Man, or other places in the faid 0 Cl mentioned, but fuch only as /ball be bona fide, and without fraud, loaden and /hipt in Great Britain, in jlips navigated according to law, under the penalty of forfeiting all fucb goods, or the value thereof \ together with the jfbip or vej/el in which they /hall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammu-nition, and apparel, to be f ixed and profecuted as in the faid aCl is directed: and whereas great quantities of tea and other goods of the product or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, are imported from foreign parts and landed in the Ifle of Man, contrary to the faid in part recited aft of parliament \ which goods, as well as great quantities of brandy and other foreign liquors, are brought from the faid Ifle of Man, and clandejiinely run a/bore in this kingdom, to the great prejudice of tbe trade and revenues thereof: to prevent which practices for the future, and to render the faid a&, as well as feveral other adls of parliament relative to the trade and revenues of this kingdom* more effectual 5 may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majel^y, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, ^hd common? in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the 'authority of the feme. That from and after the firft day of June, 6ne thoufand feven hundred and iixty five*

all

j 765.3 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39.	345

all and every officer and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms and and excife, to excife, (hall have the fame powers and authorities for vifiting ™P^d^ch and fearching of (hips and vcflels in any bay, harbour, river, iflc creek, or other place, in, of, or belonging to, the faid l(le of	9

Many as are by any ad of parliament provided for fuch officers vifiting and fearching (hips or veffels within the ports or on the * coafts of Groat Britain; and to feize and fecure, either on the and to feize • land or water, in the mannet direded or allowed by. the feveral contraband ads of parliament in force in Great Britain any goods which gooas‘

.have been brought or imported into the faid IJle of Many contrary to this or to any other ad of parliament, or which (hall be landed there, without payment of any duties which may be due and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Prohibited laid, That from and after the firft day of June9 one thoufand goods import-feven hundred and fixty five, no wrought filks, bengalls, and Grait duffs mixt with (ilk or herba, of the manufadure of Perfidy Britain,

Chinay or Eaji India> nor callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or

Aained there, nor any cambricks or French lawns, (hall be exported from Great Britain to the Pie of Man 5 and if any fuch may befeizeds goods (hall be fhipt or laden, or (nail be concealed in the fame and are for-package with any other goods which arc entered for, or are in- ^er with^e tended to be laden on board any (hip or veflel bound from Great package. Britain to the faid lfle of Many fuch goods (hall be forfeited, as Y well as the goods contained in the fame package therewith, whether the fame (hall be (hipt or laden, or not; and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer of his Majefty's cuftoms.

III.	And it is further cnadted, That the lfle of Man (hall be	10

added to, and included in, the bond which is now by law re- jn {|Je bond to quired to be given, that fuch goods (hall be duly exported, and be given on not relanded again in any part of Great Britain.	exportation

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- £f fuc*! faid. That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand Britain.*** feven hundred and fixty five, no foreign brandy/ arrack, rum, No foreLn ftrong waters, or fpirits whatfoever, (hall be imported or carried brandy or into the lfle of Many but fuch only as (hall be bona fidey and fpirits to be without fraud, laden and (hipt in Great Britainy and carried

thither diredly from thence, upon the forfeiture of fuch goods, butfromGMt or the value thereof, together with the (hip or veflel in which Britain direft-they (hall be imported or carried, with all her guns, furniture, ly» on forfei-ammunition, tackle, and apparel, to be feized and profecuted turc of the as is hereafter dire&ed.	and

V.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Spirits (hipped faid. That from and atter the twenty ninth day of September, one inAmericato thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no rum, or other fpirits, be condition-(hall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or veflel in any Bri~ *J°t to be tijb colony or plantation in Americdy but on condition that the Sfl” of Man fame (hall not be carried to, or landed in, the lfle of Many un- under the pC. der the like fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are pre- nalties of a&s fcribed and mentioned in two a<fts of parliament made in the i*&*5Car.2. twelfth and twepty fifth years of the reign of King Charles the

Second,

Digitized by Google

346	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 39.	[1765.

Second, the former intituled, An aft for the encouraging and in-%	creaftng of flipping and navigation, and the latter intituled, An

aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trader and for the better fecuring the plantation trade, or either of them, with refped to the goods inthofea&s paiticularly enumerated; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding. No foreign	V I. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-

fpirits to be	faid, That from and after the firft day ot June, one thoufand

thefeidMa0™ ^even hundred and fixty five, no foreign brandy, arrack, rum, carried coaft-* ftrong waters, or fpirits whatfoever, (hall be exported from the wife in calks IJle of Man, or carried coaftwifc from one part of the faid ille under 60 gal- to another, in any (hip or veflel of lefs burthen than one hun-l0n# 1 t be ^rcc*tons; nor *n any ve^e^ or ca& under fixty gallons (except Smarted,°or onty ^or the u^c °f the Teamen then belonging to, and on board exported,* or fuch (hip, or veflel, not exceeding two gallons for each Teaman, carried coaft- nor (hall any wine be iimported into, or exported from, the faid wife in calks jflan^ or carried coaftwife from one part of the faid ifland to lons^and ^in* anorher, in any veflel or cafk that (hall contain lefs than twenty (hips not lefs five gallons, nor in any (hip or veflel of lefs burthen than one than 100 tonsj hundred tons, upon forfeiture of all fuch goods, together with h>rflfUre	or ve^e*> an<* ^er tackle, furniture, and apparel,

and eoocS. t0 ^ feized and profecuted as herein after is directed. v(n . VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, hovering on That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand (even the coaft, &c. hundred and fixty five, where any (nip or veflel whatfoever, with prohibit- having on board any goods, which by this or any other ad of board^*°n Parfiament Puffed in Great Britain, are made liable to forfeiture # for being brought or imported into, or exported from, or carried coaftwife in the IJle of Man ; or where any (hip or veflel arriving from Great Britain, having on board any goods prohibited to be exported from thence into the ljleof Man, (hall be found in any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to the faid IJle of Man, or at anchor; or hovering within three leagues of the (bores thereof; or (hall bedifeovered fo to have been (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and diftrefsof weather, of which neceflity and diftrefs, the mafter, purfer, or perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel into any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to the faid ljleof Man, give notice and make proof of before the colle&or or other chief are liable to officer of the cuftoms refident at the neareft port in the faid ifl-gTtherUwith°* anc0	g°°ds,	together	with the (hip or veflel in which

5ie goods. the fame (hall be found, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, (hall be deemed and taken to be forfeited within the intent and meaning of this and fuch other ads whether bulk (hall then have been broken or not, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife. No fpirits to VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, lie imported That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven into Great hundred and fixty five, no brandy, rum, ftrong waters, or fpi-ritam rom rjtSj ^ ^ kind whatfoever, (hall be brought or imported from

the

1765*]	Anno quinto Georg 11 III. c. 39.	347

the IJle of Man into Great Britainor Ireland* upon any pre-thepfle of tence whatfoever; and where any (hip or veflel coining or ar-riving from the faid IJle of Man, and having on board any fuch ? ef^m" brandy, rum, ftrong waters, or fpirits (except only for the ufe thence, with of the feamen then belonging to and on board fuch (nip or veflel, fpirits or not exceeding two gallons for each feaman) or any other goods or commodities which are prohibited to be imported from thence °found into Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be found at anchor, or ho- hovering on vering within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain or the coaft, Ireland, or within three leagues of the (bores thereof, or (hall be difeovered fo to have been, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and diftrefs of weather j (of which necefllty and diftrefs, the matter, purfer, or other perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall give notice to, and make proof of, before the collector or other chief officer of the cuffomsof fuch port as aforefaid, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel into the faid port) all fuch goods, to- arc uable to gether with the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall belo brought be forfeited, or imported, or on board which fuch goods (hall be found as a- together with forefaid, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, andthc S00^8* apparel, (hall be forfeited (whether bulk (hall then have been broken or not) and the fame (hall and may be feized and fued for by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

IX.	And it is hereby further declared and enaded by the au- Seizures thority aforefaid, That all feizures made in purfuance of the where to be powers given by this ad, (hall and may be brought to any port loured and in Great Britain or Ireland, or into any port in the IJle of Man* 6011 c * and (hall and may be profccuted in any of his Majefty’s courts

of record at IVeJlminJler or Dublin, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any courts to be holden in his Majeffy’s name, or by virtue of his authority, in the faid IJle of Man, at the eledion of the informer or profecutor, and after condemnation, difpofed of and divided in the fame manner, and by the fame rules, regulations and reffridions, as are preferibed and pradifed in refped to feizures made in Great Britain : and all the powers, provifions, articles, and claufes, in any ad of parliament contained for the indemnity, eafe, benefit, or relief, of officers of the cuftoms or excife, making feizures in Great Britain or Ireland refpedively, (hall be obferved, applied, pradifed, and put in execution, as well with refped to any feizure or profecution made or carried on in purfuance of this ad, as with refped to any adion, fuit, or profecution, that may be brought or commenced againft any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, for any thing done in purfuance thereof, as fully and eflfedual-ly to all intents and purpofes as if the fame were particularly and at large re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

X.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Licenced

That from and after the firft day of June* one thoufand feven goods found hundred and (ixty five, if any (hip or veflel liable to feizure, ei-	vc^

ther for importing any goods into, or exporting any goods for ” e to

6	*	the

Digitized by

34*

aretobelodg cd in the King's ware-houles,

till claimed $

and the officer is indemnified.

If no claim be made within 20 days.

the goods are to be advertized |

and notice fent to the confignee, if known;

and if not claimed within 6 months)

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 39:	[176^

the faid IJle of Man, or for having any goods on board, contraiy to this aa, (hall, at the time of feizure, be laden with any goods which are not liable to forfeiture, it (hall and may be lawful for the officer feizing fuch (hip or veflel, to bring fuch lad mentioned goods, with the veflel in which the fame (hall be laden as aforefaid, to Great Britain or Ireland, or into any of the ports of the faid Ifle of Man, and to fecure fuch goods m his Majefty*s warehoufes until fuch time as the owner or proprietor of fuch goods, or the matter of the vefiel, or fome other perfon duly authorized by letter of attorney from fuch owner or proprietor, attefted by a notary publick in the ufual form, (hall apply for the fame to the refpedtive commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife at London or Edinburgh, or to the commiffioners of the revenue at Dublin, or to the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms or excife by whom the goods mall be fecured ; and fuch goods (hall be thereupon delivered to the perfon fo applying; to be difpofed of as by law he may, upon giving a receipt for the fame $ and the officer feizing fuch (hip or veflel, or any perfon a&ing in his aid or affiftance, or in fecuring fuch goods, (hall not be liable to any action, fuit, or profecution, on account of the ttoppage or detention of fuch goods.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That in cafe no application (hall be made for fuch goods as aforefaid, within the fpace of twenty days after the fame (hall be fecured, in his Majetty’s warehoufe, the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of the cuttoms or excife in this kingdom, or the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, caufethe name or defeription of the veflel on board which fuch goods were laden, with the names of the matter or commander thereof, and of the officer by whom (he was feized, and the port to which (he was brought, to be publi(hed for three feveral weeks fucceffively in the London Gazette, if fuch goods (hall be fecured in any port of England, and in any publick news paper printed at Edinburgh, if the goods (hall be fecured in Scotland, and in the Dublin Gazette, if the faid goods, (hall be fecured in any port within the kingdom of Ireland; and if it (hall appear to the (aid refpe&ive commiffioners, by any papers on board the veflel, to whom the faid goods areconfigned, the laid refpe&ive commiffioners (hall caufe the like notice to be tranfmitted to fuch confignee, by the common poft; and in cafe the faid goods (hall be brought to the faid IJle of Man, and fecured there, the colleger, or other principal officer of the cuftoms or excife, by whom the fame (hall be fecured, (hall caufethe like notice to be affixed to the caftle in Caftle Town, and to the publick market-houfe in the town of Douglas; and if no application (hall be made as afore-faid, for fuch goods, within the fpace of fix months after fuch notice ha$ been given, publiffied and tranfmitted, in the manner before dire&ed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain, and the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms or excife by whoa} the faid goods

are

1765-] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39.	349

arc fecured in The Ifleof Man, tocaufethe faid goods to be pub -lickly fold by audtion or inch of candle to the beft advantage, Lid the duties and to apply the produce thereof, firft, to or towards the char- and chargesto ges of warehouferoom, and other charges that (hall arife there- be paid thereon; next, to the cuftoms and duties that (hall or may be due out* and payable for fuch goods 5 and the overplus (if any) to the proprietor or other perfon authorized to receive the fame. w

XII.	Provided always. That in cafe the faid goods, or any goodstollbe part thereof, (hall be perifhable in their nature, it (hall and may periihable, be lawful for the faid refpedhve commiflioners and officers afore- they maybe faid, to caufe the fame, to be forthwith fold, and the produce fold forthwith, difpofed of and applied in the manner herein before directed.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore- Veflels failing faid. That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand fe- BhuinoiTre-ven hundred and (ixty five, for every (hip or veflel that (hall land, for A-fet fail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, for any part of trica, &c. to Africa,, or any of his Majefty’s dominions out of this realm, fuf- £ivc 1,011(1 ficient bond (hall be given, with one fui'ety befides the maftef, lurcly*

to the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms of the port or place from whence the faid (hip or veflel (hall depart, to	.. . ,

the value of one thoufand pounds, if the faid (hip or veflel (hall	to take in

be of tefs burthen than one hundred tons, and of the fum of any goods or two thoufand pounds, if the (hip (hall be of greater burthen, (lores at the with condition that fuch (hip or veflel (hall not, during the courfeIflc of the voyage, take on board any (lores, goods, or merchan-dizes whatfoever, at the Ijle of Man, nor out of or from any thence.

(hip, veflel, or boat, at fea or elfewhere, any (lores, goods, or merchandizes, which (hall have been brought from thence; which bond (hall continue in force for one year, from and after the completion of the voyage; and in cafe no fraud (hall appear within that time, it (hall and may be lawful for the refpedlive commiflioners of his Majefty's cuftoms in Great Britain, or the Commiflioners of the revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, to diredl the faid bond to be delivered up.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore- PS.naIty faid. That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand fe- any cot-ven hundred and (ixty five, all officers adling in the execution ruption, of this adt (hall be fubjedl to the fame penalties, forfeitures, and fi aud, or difabilities, for any corruptions, frauds, connivances, conceal- coIlu^on* \n ments, or collufive agreements, in breach of their duty, as they

would be liable to if fuch offences were committed in Great Brl-	7	*

tain ; and that every perfon who (hall give or offer to give any	°®'P*r*

bribe to fuch officer or officers ; or (hall make any collufive a- b^es CrM>* greement with him or them; or who (hall any wife obftrudl, or 0bftru£ing moled, or aflault, maim or wound, any fuch officer or officers, Qr aflauhing* or any other perfon adting in their aid and afliftance, in thedue them; execution of their duty ; or who (hall be affifting or otherwife or afMing ia concerned either in the unfhipping, landing, or receiving, any ron goods fubjedl to the payment of duties, without paying the fame, ** or any goods prohibited to be imported into the faid Tfle of Man, or in (hipping or loading outwards any goods prohibited to be

exported

Digitized by

'350	Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c.39.	[1765,

exported from thence, (hall, in each and every foch cafe, be fubjeCt to the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided by any aCf of parliament for the like offences in Great Bri-tain i and every fuch offence and offences (hall and may be en-<lu>rc<* examined, tried, and determined, in any county niSiing ofFen* within this kingdom or Ireland, in fuch manner and form, and den. 6 by the fame rules, regulations, and reftriCtions, as if the feme offence had been therein committed $ or in any courts to be holden in his Majefty’s name, or by virtue of his authority, in the (aid IJk of Man, according to tne ufual courfe of proceedings in fuch courts, at the election of the refpeCfcive commiffi-oners of the cuftoms or excife in Great Britain, or the commiffi-oners of the revenue in Ireland, under whofe directions any fuit, indictment, or profecution, (hall be commenced and carried on; and in cafe any fuit, indictment, or profecution, (hall be commenced in purfuance of this aCt, in any of the courts in Greet Britain or Ireland, the like procefs (hall and may iffue thereupon as would have iffued if the faid offence had been therein committed, and (hall and may be directed to fuch perfon or perfons as ufually and ordinarily execute procefs iffuing out of the courts of juliice in the faid IJle of Alan; and the fame (hall and may be executed by fuch perion or perfons in any part of the faid IJle if Many or on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, being in any bay, harbour, river, cr creek, of or belonging to the faid IJle of Mm, or within three leagues of the (hores thereof; and the offenJer or offenders (hall give the like bail and fecurity for his and their appearance, and toanfwer the forfeiture and penalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in the fame manner and according to the ufual courfe of proceeding upon fuch procefs in Great Britain or Ireland refpeCtively; and every perfon refidingor being in the faid IJle of Man, who (hall be there ferved with any procefs of Subpoena, iffuing out of any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, Edinburgh, or Dublin, requiring fuch perfon to appear in the (aid courts refpeCtively,' either to anfwer any information, indictment, bill, or complaint, therein exhibited, or to give evidence upon the trial of any caufe therein depending, (hall be compelled to appear or attend as required by the faid Subpoena, under the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch perfon would incur and be liable to for refu/ing or neglecting to appear or attend, if he or they had been ferved with fuch procefs in Great Britain or Ireland refpeCtively; which pains, penalties, and forfeitures, the faid refpeCtive courts are hereby authorized and impowered to infliCl accordingly; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Penalty of in- XV. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-furing the faid, That all and every perfon and perfons who, from and af-traudulent ter the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and conveyance of fixty five> fhall by way of infurance, or other wife, undertake or from* he ?hid a8ree l^at any goods or commodities (hall be carried to, or iCand.	landed in, the IJle of Many or brought from thence or landed

in Great Britain or lrelandycontrary to the true intent and meaning

351

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

ing of this or any other aft of parliament made in Great Britain or Ireland, or who (hall pay, or agree to pay, any fum or fums of money for the infuring, conveying, or delivering, of fuch goods, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his hei*s, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife as (hall profecute for the fame \ to be fued for and recovered in like manner and form as any other forfeitures and penalties are by this aft recoverable.

XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, jnfurcr con-That in cafe the infurer, conveyer, or manager, of or in fuch veyer, or ma-fraud, (hall, within the fpace of fix months after fuch tranfaftion nager of fuch or agreement, firft difcover the fame to the commiflioners of traud> dif-the cuftoms or excife in England or Scotland, or to the commifli- fame1™2 * ° oners of the revenue in Ireland, he (hall not only keep the infu- * ranee money or ^premium given him, and be difeharged of the “ hrtitled to penalties to which he is liable by reafon of fuch offence, but money^and^ (hall have, to his own ufe, one moiety of the forfeiture which moiety*of the (hall be recovered from the party making fuch infurance or a- forfeiture, greement •> and in cafe the party or parties infured (hall, with- Party ;nfurea in the like fpace of fix months, firft make difeovery thereof, in difeoveringis the manner before mentioned, he or they fo difeovering (hall entitled to rerecover back fuch infurance money or premium as he or they hath or have paid upon fuch infurance or agreement, and (hall	m°*

have, to his and their own ufe, one moiety of the forfeiture which (hall be recovered from fuch infurer, conveyer, or ma- and a moiety nager, as aforefaid, and (hall be clearly acquitted and difeharg- °f *he forfei-ed of the penalty hereby impofed upon him or them.	ture*

CAP. XL.

An aS for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of motiey out of the finking fund •, for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fixty five \Jor further appropriating the fup~ plies granted in this feffion of parliament \ for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble •, and for allowing further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to at-tormes and folicitors.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and Ipyal fubjefts, the prcambic commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies which we have cheartully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have re-folved to give and grant to your Majefty the fum herein after mentioned : and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s

moft

Digitized by Lj ooQle

35*

Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 40.'	[f7^5#

mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ^'mcTcwtofby or out	mon*es	as	(ball,	from time to time, be and

thTfinking ° rcma*n *n the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, ex-fund, for the cedes, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fervice of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund after paying or referv-currcnt year jng foffident to pay all fuch fums of money as have been direfted by any former aft or afts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, there (hall and may be iflued, and applied, for and towards making good the fupply granted to his Majef-ty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, a fum not exceeding two million and one hundred thoufand pounds, and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea-to be iflued by furer> or any three or more of the commiffioners of the trea-mcto^ngly. ^Ul7 ^or t*lc t*me being, hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

Treafury im-	D. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That

powered to in cafe the fafd commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any raife the faid three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any art ti?r an? t^irec or mor6 the commiffioners of the treafury for the time Ky loans or * being, (hall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of two mil-exchequer lion and one hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, bills, on the by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, ^ that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-w ng un . fQns^ natjvcs or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fom or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of two million and one hundred thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund, and to have and receive intereft for the forbearance of the money lent, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high tfeafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpofe as faft as fuch loans fhall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft (ha!l be rated or afleflea to any tax or aflp Ament whatfoever.

Arir toifika	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon

witffbrderefor or Perf°ns who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this repayment of a& aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the cxche-the money fo quer, (hall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, advanced 5 anj an order for bis, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (halt thereofto be be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the for-paid quarter, bearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until ly.	the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repay-

ment of money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfc according.

17^5'J	fiirmq quinto Georgii III. c.40.	'353

ing to the dates, re fpedively 5 and that all and every perfon and,Orders to be perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (halL^S^’d* in ftand regiftred jn the faid regifter books, fo as the .perfon orcour c* perfons, natives or foreigners, his* her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders fir ft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or other revenues, and he,

(he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe ; apd that the monies to come in, of, or for the faid furplufies, exceffes, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatis-fadion of the faid refpedive perfons, and bodv or bodies politick or corporate, theirexecutors, adminiftrators, (ucceffors,or affigns refpedively, without any undue preferenceof one before another, and not otherwife, and (hall not be diverted or divertible lo any No undue other ufc, intent, or purpofe wliatfoever (other than fuch ufesand {o b^riven it* purpofes as are appointed by any other ad or ads of parliament in payment, that behalf as aforefaid;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity di-redly or indiredly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma- nor fee to be jefty’s fubjeds for providing or makiqgof any fuch books or regi- takcn > iters, or any entries, views, or fearches inor for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of °j? ^e’llJrc treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with mages, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any full cofts. fuch fee or reward, then to Ipfe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in Juc prefer-Un* point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of ^cePjn ^nt this ad, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offend- of regiftry or ing (hall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value payment} of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and (ha)l be forejudged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without djredion or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch adion, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not dired the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before direded, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, . and cofts, to be incurred bv any the officers of the exchequer, -m ^y°o?r~ or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by the courts of adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Ma- record at jefty’s courts of record at IVcJiminJitr \ wherein no effoin, pro- Weftminfter. Vol. XXVI.	A a	tedion.

Digitized by v^ooQle

354	Anno	qutnto Georgii III. c. 40.	[1765.

te&ion, privilege, wager of law, injun&ion, or order of riftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

No unduepre- IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall ffrthCC,M[r,Ch happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as a-or ordcit ** forced, beat date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of brought the the receipt to be regiftred, then, it (hall be interpreted no un-fame day, are due preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters entered firft; them all the fame day.

nor if fuble- V. Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any un-quent orders due preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the forePothtrs* auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers not*brought do PaY fahfequent orders to perfons that come and demand in courfc } their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that < did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in fo as money courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy be referved precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but for the prece- kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time dent orders. monCy js fo referved and kept in bank for them.

Power of af- VI. And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon and fignment, and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be regi-method of (fred by virtue of this adt, after order entered in the book of ^rtrg rcg*^er as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aflign and transfer . his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch or-der, to any other; which being.notified in the office of the y auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaid for orden (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo Mies quoties; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who hath or have made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of two million and one hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifliiinj* exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice $ be it further ena&ed by the au-If it (hall be thority aforefaid, That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majefty’s judged more treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high t^fSv may treafurer,or anY three or more of the commiffioners of the tres-raife the fai$ fury for the time being, (hall judge it more advifeable to raife . fum by ex- the faid fum of two million and one hundred thoufand pounds, chequer bills Qr any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans loans. °f as afore*a*d, that then they relpc&ively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number

of

Digitized by LjOoq ie

1765.]	Anno	quinto Georgii IIL C. 40^	355

of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money ribt exceeding in the whole the faid fum of two million and one hundred thoufand pounds, together with fuch loans aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this prefent fcflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to bis Majefiy, certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, are enafted and prefcribed concerning the exche* quer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid act.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, All advanta-That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, gcs *n4 pe-advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in makadtVf the faid laft-mentioned aft relating to the loans or exchequer this feflion, bills authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes relating to as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and'1?*1™ or except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the hereby au-forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft) (hall be thorized to* applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur- be made forth, fuance of this aft, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur- c*tcn^to pofes as if the faid exchequer bills haa been originally autho- thls

rized by the faid laft mentioned aCt, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

IX.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all The faid ex-

the exchequer bills, which fhall be made in purfuance of this chequer.bills, aft, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or	are

attending the fame, (nail be and are hereby charged and charge- to be paid out able upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of, the of the linking growing produce of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus *unc** monies, ot other revenues compofing the finking fund (except

fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fuflicient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

X.	And be it declared and further enafted by the authority Bank autho-aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma- 1 c ** um* jefty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit

of loan granted by this aft, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two million and one hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in an aft made in the fifth and notwirhftand-fixth years of the reign of King iViUiam and Queen Mary, in-	*	6

tituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of /hips and Vffiels, and upon beer, ale, and otherli-

A a 2	qktrs'y

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.	[176	5.

quors \ for fecuring certain recompenses and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fuel) per font as /ball voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftand* ing.

Sums to be XI. And be it farther enabled by the authority afore&id, applied; viz. That the fum of one hundred thirty five thoufand two hundred iV remainine ^*rt^en Poun^s> 6VC shillings, and one farthing, remaining in in the exche-5 the receipt of the exchequer on the tenth day of Oftober, one quer on 10O&. thoufand feven hundred and iixty four, for the difpofition of par*

176+* unap. liament, of the monies which had then arifen of the furplufles. Sinking fund- cxce^es» or overplus-monies, and other revenues of the fund

308.0001.	a- * commonly called The Sinking Fund; and alfo a fum not exceed-

greed to be	ing three hundred and eight thoufand pounds, of the monies a-

paid by the	greed to be paid by a convention between his Majefty and the

01^2° FebmS Trench King, concluded andfignedat London the twenty feventh 1?^7.	, *	day of 'February 1 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for

80.0001.	re-	the maintenance of the late French prifoners of war; and alfo

maining in	the fum of eighty thoufand pounds remaining in the receipt of

qucrXC ranted t^e exchequer, granted to his Majefty in the laft feffion of partly lalt feflion liament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and for pay and cloathing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth cloathmg of day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four ; and 12 000 lia *	a	^um not excecding twelve thoufand pounds, out of the

Produce of the monies which (hall Srife of the produce of the duties laid by an duties grant- ad made in this feflion of parliament, upon the importation and •d this ieflion exportation of gum fenega and gumarabic, (hall and may be if-

aa and rum an<* aPP^e(* at ^ai<* reccipt5 for and towards making arabicj m good l^e kid fupply; and the commiflioners of his Majeft/s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered tp iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

*5*>74ol.is. xil. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre(aid, the exceed- That the fum of two hundred fifty one thoufand feven hundred ingsof the fe- and forty pounds, two (hillings, and fevfcn pence, three farthings, be granted to his Majefty, upon account, out of the monies remaining to be applied, of the exceedings of the feveral fums provided by parliament for fundry fervices, and of the monies that have been paid into the hands of the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s land forces, by contractors and others, to the in to the pay- twenty third day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and rofb^coru6 flxly ^ve» towards difeharging fuch unfatisfied claims and demands, for expences incurred during the late war in Germany, as appear to be due by the reports of the commiflioners, ap-

veral fpms granted for 1 undry fervices, and of the monies paid

b

claims am

by

tractors and others, to be applied point'ed towards dil- 1 - -charging the uafatisned claims tor expences incurred in . i Germany dur- inSv • ing the late • war §

'i

his Majefty, for examining and dating fuch demands; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accord-

XIII. And

Digitized by

1765.]	Anno quinto Georgii III. C.40.	357

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 60,0001. out That a fum not exceeding fixty thoufand pounds of the monies 0rantccTthe10* arifen or to arife out of fuch of the duties granted or continued feflion,* by an aft made in thelaft feflionof parliament, as were thereby

directed to be referved in the exchequer to be difpofed of by and refenred parliament, towards defraying the neceflary expences of defend-	"^po~

ing, protefting, and fecuring, the British colonies and planta- ilament,P tions in America, be iflued and applied towards maintaining his * Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, and for provi- to he applied fions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound-^in?ngthein* land, and the ceded iflands, for the year one thoufand feven forces and hundred and fixty five; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s garriforfs in treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of America, them, or the high treafurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to ifTue and apply the fame accordingly.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the au- Appropria-thority aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exche- tionofthe quer either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this fef- fupplies. fion of parliament, intituled. An at! for continuing and granting to

bis Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred andfixty five; and fo malTuxf * much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as	*

fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame adl, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by	*

loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefiy by jancj tax a land tax, to be raifed in Great .Britain, for the fervice of the year	9

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five\ and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for raffing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and alfo the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds granted by one other aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain jaanj ^ fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year % one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and alfo the faid fum of one hundred thirty five thoufand two hundred thirteen and other pounds, five (hillings, and one farthing, remaining in the re- turns remain-ceipt of the exchequer, on the tenth day of Oftober, one thou- ifl the ex*, fand feven hundred and fixty four, for the difpofition of parlia- che<lacr» *c* ment, of the monies which had then arifen of the furpluffes, ex-cefles, or overplus monies, and other revenues of the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and alfo the faid fum not exceeding three hundred and ei^ht thoufand pounds, of the

A a 3	monies

Digitized by

Google

358	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.	[*765*

monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majefty and the French King, concluded and figned at London the twenty feventh day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prifoners of war; and alfo the faid fum of eighty thoufand pounds remaining in jthe receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to his Majefty in the laft feffion of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and alfo the faid fum not exceeding twelve thoufand pounds, out of the monies which lhall arife of the “Dqtieton produce of the duties laid by an ad made in this feffion of par-aXuina- liament upon the importation and exportation of Gum Semga rabic,	and Gum Arabic; and alfo the further fum of two million and I

and	one hundred thoufand pounds by this ad granted, out of fuch

** a^eef out of mon*es as fhall or maY ar^e “le farpluffes, excefles, or over-Sefinking ° P*us tnonies, and other revenues, compofing the fund common-fund;	ly called The Sinking Fund, (hall be further appropriated; and

together with are hereby appropriated, and (hall be ifliied and applied for and the refidue or towards the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled, to-arffmg byythe get^cr with the refidue of the mon es arifing from the fale of faie of French French prizes taken before the declaration of war, which his prizes.	Majefty has declared in a moft gracious fpeech to his parliament

in the laft feffion, that he has direded for the eafe of his fubjeds, to be applied to the publick fervice. yiz. out of XV. And it is hereby alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, the aids in That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as afore-general, faid, there (hall and may be iftued and applied any fum or fums ii439»mh of money, not exceeding one million four hundred thirty nine wards naval thoufand feven hundred thirty four pounds, eleven (hillings, and fe'rvices here- three pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after parti-^fpeci/ied. cularly exprefled (that is to fay)f or or towards viduals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vidualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards fea fervices in / the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half pay to fea and marine officers ; and for or towards maintaining four thoufand two hundred and eighty feven marines; and for 4 or towards the buildings, rebuildings, ana repairs, of his Majefty’s (hips, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

XVI. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore-f,0001. to	faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there

port of Green- faall anc* may be	and applied any fum or fums of money,

prick hofpital. not exceeding five thoufand pounds, upon account, to be applied by the commiffioners or governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, for the fupport and relief of featnen, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country, who lhall not be provided for within the faid hofpital.

*,*3il. 17 s. XVII. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore-6d. bounty to faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there faiiis who aP ^all an<* may ^ue<* anc* applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand two hundred thirty one pounds,

feventeen'

Digitized by LjOOQle

»74-«n 1-»j* tod. for charge of the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.	359

fcventeen (hillings, and fix pence, for paying a bounty, for the ferred in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, of two (hillings navy thelaft and fix pence per day to fifteen chaplains; and of two (hillings w per day to fifteen more chaplains, who have ferved longed on hoard his Majefty’s (hips of war, provided it appears by the books of the (aid (hips, that they have been adtuahy borne and muttered thereon for the fpace of four years during the late war with France and Spain, and provided likewife, that fuch chap* lains do not enjoy the benefit of fome ecclefiaftical living or preferment from the crown or otherwise, of the prefent annual value of fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore-(aid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there ^ ^

(hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or Turns of money, office o^ord not exceeding one hundred feventy four thoufand fix hundred nance, for fevfenty three pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, for the the year 1765. charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore-

faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there faid office, for fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, fervices per-not exceeding fifty five thoufand five hundred nineteen pounds, formed m ten (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying the expence of fer- ,7*4?ded for vices performed by the office of ordnance for land fervice, and pnm or* not provided for by parliament, in one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four.

XX.	And it is hereby alfo enatfted by the authority aforefaid, »,001,Soil.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall ^js th*°" and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not £n<j forgef exceeding two million one thoufand fix hundred two pounds, ten and ocher fer-fhillings, fix pence, and one eighty eighth part of a penny, for vices in genc-and towards maintaining his Majefty'sland forces, and other fer- J^ibieh vices herein after more particularly exprefled ; that is to fay, any 6oS.,3ol. 10s. fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred eight thou- 7d. for guards fand one hundred thirty pounds, ten millings, and feven pence, and garrifons for defraying the charge of feventeen thoufand four hundred and	^rou-rn"

twenty one effective men, commiflioned and non-commiffioned fcy"*anci% officers included; and including two thoufand fix hundred and jerfey; twenty eight invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Ma- 3*7,s0ll* 31* jetty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey% and Jerjcy, for the " ^ t(l; year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum in^Garri*. or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred twenty leven fons in the thoufand five hundred and two pounds, three (hillings, and plantations, eleven pence halfpenny, for further maintaining his Majefty’s Minorca, and forces and garrifons in the plantations, including thofe in garri-

fon at Minorca and Gibraltar; and for provifions for the forces for thc forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and abroad'; the ceded iflands, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and	3s*

fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix fhoufand three hundred forty fix pounds, three (hillings, and fence of pay five pence, for defraying the charge of the difference of pay be-

A a 4	tween

Anno quinto GEoRGir III. C.40;	[1765^.

tween the Brttijb and Irijb eftablifhments of five regiments of foot ferving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded iflands, for the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eleven thoufand two hundred ninety one pounds, eight (hillings, and fix pence half-penny, for the pay of the general and general ftaff officers in ceded iflanch- Great Britain, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and 11,191!. s s. ’fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding’

360

between the British and Iriffi eftabliffi meats of 5 regiments of foot at Gibraltar, Mi-

general and general ftaff officers; 80,0001. to-

of the land forces, and marines; 4,3611. 14s

ficers and gentlemen of horfe guards, &c. reduced;

eighty thoufand pounds upon account, for dehaying thfc charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning1 the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one wardspay and hundred thirty five thoufand fix hundred fix pounds, twelve cloathing of (hillings, and fix pence, upon account of the reduced officers of i cTofiuVas. Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thou-fcd’to the re- fend feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of mo-duced officers ney, not exceeding two thoufand three hundred fixty one pounds, fourteen (hillings, and two pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the feveral officers and private gender men of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe sd. to the of- reduced, and to the fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand fix hundred fixty four pounds, for the paying of pen-fions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his maiefty's 1,664!. to the land forces and marines as died upon the efiablifiunent of hal£> penfions of	pay in Great Britain, arrd who were married to them before the

dows*S	twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred anid

ioo[io7l. iSs. fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; 4d.’to the and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred nine out-petition- thoufand one hundred feven pounds, eighteen (hillings, and £r8r°/Chrifea four pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-10,3431* 16 s. Penfi°ners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thoufand feven 9 d. fubfidy to hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-the duke of ceeding ten thoufand three hundred forty three pounds, fixteen (hillings, nine pence, and feven eleventh parts of a penny, to enable his Majefty to defray the charge of the fubfidies due to the duke of Brunfwici, purfuant to treaties, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds, on account, towards aflifting his Majefty to grant a reafonable fuccour in money to the landgraie of Hejfe Cajfely purfuant to treaty; and peaces of the anY ^um or ^ums moncy> not exceeding four, hundred four land forces, thoufand four hundred ninety fix pounds, feven (hillings, and fix pence, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his Ma-jefty’s land forces, and other fervices incurred between the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and the twenty fifth day of December9one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and not provided for by par-*48,159!. 173 liament; and any fum or lums of money, not exceeding two ♦ d.’iq. to- hundred forty eight thoufand two hundred fifty nine pounds, feventcen (hillings, and four pence farthing, upon account, towards

Bruufwick;

50,000!. (uc-fcour to the landgrave of Hefle Caflel 5 404,4961. 7 s. M* extraor-

and other fer vices, incurred in 1764* not provided for

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^5*1	Anno qvilnto Georoix IIL 0.40.	361

*ards farther difcharging fuch unfatisfied claims and demands, wards the un-for expences incurred during the late war in Germany, as appear Satisfied to be due by the reports of the commiffioners appointed by his Germany Majefty, for examining and dating fuch claims and demands ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix thoufand four hundred ninety one pounds, feventeen (hillings, four pence, 5,49,1. and one eighth part of a penny, for defraying the chaise of three 44* charXc of independant companies of foot to be raifed for his Majeft/s fer- 3 independant vice on the coaft of Africa, and for provifions for the fame from Africa"1**** the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred 9 and fixty four, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, both days inclufive, being three hundred and fixty five days,

XXI* And it is hereby alfo enadfed by the authority afbrefaid,

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefiud, there (hall 800,000 L to-and may be ifliied and applied the Aim of eight hundred thou- wards paying fand pounds, for paying off and difcharging the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an zA parted in the laft fefiion of parlia- puefuanttoan ment, intituled. An <U1 for raifing a certain fum of money by loans aft of the laft or exchequer bills, and for (Applying certain monies remaining in the feffion j . exchequer, for the ftrvtce of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four ; andfor application ofcertain favings ofpublic monies, and of monies arifth by the fale of military flares ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliaments and for relief of perfons who have omitted to mfert in indentures, or other writings, the full fum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other fervants 5 find charged upon the firft aids to be granted in this fefiion of parliament.

XXII. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afbrefaid, there j fhall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or films of money, , ,3. for del not exceeding four thoufand nine hundred eleven pounds, four- fray in * the teen (hillings and eleven pence, upon account, for maintaining ^Vl1 e™jJ*fh-and fupporting the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty's colony of	Nova

Nova Scotia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty 9 five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feven thou- 7|000 j. fa land pounds, upon account of fundry expences, for the fer- fundry ex-vice of Nova Scotia, in the years one thoufand feven hun- ll}~ dred and fifty, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, ^famtr™ one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two, one thoufand not feven hundred and fixty two, and one thoufand feven hundred provided for; and fixtvthree, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum orlums of money, not exceeding three thoufand nine hun- 3l96sl. for the dred and fixty fix pounds, upon account, for defraying the civil eitabift-charges of the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of mcntofGeor-Georgiay and other incidental expences attending tne fame, from &151 * the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, to the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven I* hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-ceeding five thoufand and two hundred pounds, upon account, Eaft Florida; for defraying the charges of the civil eflablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of Eafi Florida, and other fpcidental expences attending

Digitized by

Google

5,tool, for the civil e-blifltment of

1,601 1. if s. towards expence of general furveys in America;

50001. towards build-

j6a	Anno	quinto	GeoRgii HI. C 40.	[1765,

tending the fame, from the twenty fourth of June% ont thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, to die twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand and two hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment

.......... of his Majefty’s colony of Weft Florida, and other incidental ex-

Weft Florida; pences attending the lame, from the twenty fourth of June, one thoufariid feven hundred and fixty four, to the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand fix hundred one pounds and fourteen (hillings, upon account, for defraying the expence attending general furveys of his Majefty’s dominions in North America, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enaited by the authority afore*

.	That	out	of	all or any the aids or fupplies afbrefaid, there

mg a are . anj may be ifTued and applied any Aim or fums of money, 38,0001. to not cxcc^ding five thoufimd pounds, towards building a lazaret ; the Foundling and any fum, or fums of money, not exceeding thirty eight HpfpitaL thoufand pounds, upon account, towards enabling the gover* nors and guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance and edu* cation of expofed and deferted young children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as apprentices fuch children as were received into the faid hofpital on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four inclufive, to the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five inclufive, and that the faid fum be ifTued and paid for the ufe of the laid hofpital without fee or reward, or any deduction whatfoever.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo enaded by the authority afore-faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifTued ana applied any fum or fums of money,

fettVements in not exceeding thirteen thoufand pounds, to be employed in Africa ; maintaining and fupporting the Briti/b forts and fettlements up-7,000 1. fbr a

13,0001. for maintaining the Britifh forts and

block houfe at Cape Ap-polonia j 5,500 1. for defraying

on the coaft of Africa, and putting the faid forts into better repair; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fevea

thoufand pounds, for building a block houfe at or near Cape Appohnia, oil the coaft of Afrita ; and any fum or fums of mo-. _ nev, not exceeding five thoufand and five hundred pounds, up-dvlll^eftablifli- on account, for defraying the charges of a civil eftablifhment ment upon upon that part of the coaft of Africa, fituate between the port tbe coalt of	of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the year one thou-

Africa; fand feven hundred and fixty five.

*,♦001, to XXV. And it is hereby alfo further en ailed by the autho-make good to rity aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afore* hisMajefty faid, there (hall and may be ifTued and applied the fum of two Jh® hk? fum thoufand and four hundred pounds, to make good to his Ma-(Uanceof ad-" Jc% r^c ^um which has been ifTued by his Majefty’s orders drefles of the in purfuance of the addrefTes of the houfe of commons; and houfe of com- any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, mons i xo enable his Majefty to give a proper compenfatiop to the government

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georoii IIL C.40.	363

ment of the iiland of Barbadoes, for the afliftance given by them 10,0001. com-to his Majefty’s forces under the command of major general Potion to Monckton, in the expedition again ft the iftand of Martinico ; and ment°of the any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feven thoufand ifland of Bar-pounds, to be paid into the chamber of the city of London^ to- badoes. wards the finifhing and compleating the works for improving, widening, and enlarging the paflage over and through London tQ Bridge, without account, other than as is directed for the £arcj8 repair-monies raifed by an adt made in the twenty ninth year of his ing London Jate Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to improve, widen y and en- Bridge ; large, the pajfage over and through London Bridge.

XXVI.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore- 48,1761. r s.

faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there n d. * q. to fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of monev,	fund

not exceeding forty eight thouland one hundred feventy fix the deficiency pounds, one (hilling, and eleven pence halfpenny, to replace of the duties to the (inking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make on offices and good the deficiency on the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven	and

hundred and (ixty four, of the feveral rates and duties upon of- wl w fices and penfions, and upon houfes, and upon windows or

lights, which were made a fund by an ad of the thirty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty for paying annuities at the bank of England, in refped of five millions borrowed towards the fup- 49>74* 1* ply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hun- *?• icj-t(? dred and fifty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not ex- Jj^ing fund, ceeding forty nine thoufand feven hundred forty two pounds, the deficiency one (hilling, and two pence halfpenny, to replace to the finking of the addi-fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the defici- tlonal d.ut,ef ency on The tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred	T

and fixty four, of the feveral additional duties upon wines im- andupon cy-ported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and der andpenyi perry which were made a fund by an adt of the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for paying annuities in refpedt of 139,3411. is. three million five hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed towards 4 <*• to re-the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty three; and any fum or fums of money, not ||"c annuities exceeding one hundred thirty nine thoufand three hundred forty granted in re-two pounds, two (hillings, and four pence, to replace to the fpe& pf navy (inking fund the like fum iflued thereout, for paying annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum for the year, ended the cauncclled: C# twenty ninth day of Septembery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, which were granted in refpedt of certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, de-14J»66° livered in and cancelled purfuant to an aft of the third year of I^^ede* the reign of his prefent Majefty; and any fum or fums of mo- ficiency of the ney, not exceeding two hundred forty nine thoufand fix hun- grants for the dred fixty pounds, four (hillings, and ten pence, to make good ycar* the deficiency of the grants for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and fixty four.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority a-

forefaid, That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, Reapplied to

no other ufes.

Digitized by L^ooQLe

364	Anno quinto Georgii III.-c. 40.	[	1765,

(hall not be ifliied or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoevcr, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies, or other payments direfted to be fatisfied thereout by any a<51 or ads or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this prefent feffion of parliament.

Ru!c« to be XXVIII. And, as to the faid fum of one hundred thirty obferved in the thoufand fix hundred fix pounds, twelve (hillings, and fix pence application of by this ad appropriated on account of half-pay as afore-the half pay. faid, it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority afore-faid. That the rules herein after preferibed, (hall be duly ob-ferved in the application of the faid half-pay; that is to fay, That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfon who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company$ that no perlon having any other place or employment ot profit civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Gmt Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commiffion, and has hud no com-miffion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, as would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An dflfor raiftng a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the fervice of the year one theufand feven hundred and fixty four; and for application of certain Javings of publick monies, and of monies arifen by tbt fale of military flores; and for further appropriating tne fupplics granted in this feffion of parliament; and for relief of perfons xoho have omitted to infert in indentures, or other writings, the full fum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices^ and other fervants; the feveral fupplies which had been granted to his prefent Majefty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprefled ; among ft which, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty thoufand one hundred and eighty eight pounds, and eighteen (hillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and (ix-ty four, and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty five thoufand four hundred and fifty five

poundsj

Recital of claufes in

aft 4 Geo.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.	.365

pounds, and thirteen (hillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces reduced and dif-banded in the year ope thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and fuch as were to be reduced and difbanded for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; fubjeft neverthelefs to obfcrved ilt fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid hajf-pay, the applica-as in and by the aforefaid ad were prefcribed in that behalf: now tion 0/ the it is hereby provided, enafted, and declared, by the authority furplusoftht aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fums of thirty thoufand one 88?* hundred and eighty eight pounds, and eighteen (hillings; and lS one hundred and twenty five thoufand four hundred and fifty 1*5,4551.131. live pounds, and thirteen (hillings, as are or (hall be more than appropriated fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the L” y^ent^of^ rules prefcribed by the (aid aft to be obferved in the application Vcduced'of-, thereof, or anypartof fuch overplus, fhalland may be difpofedof fleers, to fuch officers who are maimed or have loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as by reafon of their long fervice, or other-wife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objefts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal fign manual, as lhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And whereas by an aft made in the thirty firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, certain duties were laid upon offices and employments; and the monies thereby arifing in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were direfted to be paid at Edinburgh, to fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioncrs of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, fiiould conftitute and appoint to be receiver general, or receivers thereof, for his Majeftv’s ufe; but no provifion hath been made, or authority given, for allowing Receiver of any compenfation, or granting any reward, to fuch receiver or the duties on receivers, for his or their trouble in the receiving the faid mo- and nies, and in the paying and accounting for the fame; be it • therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and allowed to remay be lawful to and for fuch receiver or receivers, to retain out tain 3d. in of the monies which have been and (hall be paid into his or tJjc P0UI!d of their hands in purfuance of the faid aft, fuch fum, as a com- ^Wed'by penfation or reward for his or their trouble, as his Majefty, his him. ^ heirs, and fucceffors, (hall appoint, not exceeding three pence in the pound.

XXXI.	And whereas fome perfons have omitted to caufe af- Further time fidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper of- allowed, to fice, of the aftual execution of feveral contrafts, in writing, ,o0^* *7*5» entered into by them to ferve as clerks to attornics or follicitors, within the time in which the fame ought to have been done, of clerkfliip, and many infants and others may thereby incur certain difabi- See. omitted lities; for preventing whereof, and relieving fuch perfons, be *° be done in it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every per- “ue Ume’ fon who hath neglefted or omiited to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before

the

Digitized by L^ooQle

3 M

Annoquinto Georoii IIJ. C. 41.

[1765.

Preamble.

Alphabetical lifts to be made out of prifoners in cuftody for debt on i lan. 1765, or fiuce then $

the tenth day of Oftober> one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, (hall caufe one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (hall be and is hereby in-demnified, freed, and difcharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, in or by any a& or ads of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any fuch negledt or omiffion, in not caufing fuch affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been; and every fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid tenth day of Oftober as afore&id, (hall be as effectual, to all intents ana purpofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpedive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been fo made and filed.

CAP.XLI.

An aft for the relief of infolvent debtors.

WHEREAS manjr perfons by lofles and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmoft fatisfa&ion they can, and many of them arc able to ferve his Majefty by fea and land, yet are aetained in prifon by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm : and whereas fuch unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of publick compaffion ; and by feveral a&s of parliament, have been difcharged on the conditions in fuch a<5ts mentioned; for the relief therefore of infolvent prifoners and fugitives who (hall comply with the terms contained in this a<ft to be refpec-tivdy obferved by them, and faithfully difcover, upon oath, and deliver up and affign, all their effetfs and efiates whatfover for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as poflible, the many frauds andabufes which, in a great meafure, haveob-ftrulted the^good ends of fuch a<fts ; be it enacted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this a&, all and every gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, mall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exadt, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every perfon or perfons who, upon the firft day of Januaryone thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, was or were, or at any time fince have been, and at the time of making out every fuch lift (hall be, really an actual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, of keeper of any prifon refpeftively, upon any procefs what-foeverfor or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, fum or fums of money, contempt, or otherwife, and an account of the time

when

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.]	Anno	quinto	GeoRGH	III. c. 41.	367

when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were refpe&ively charg- with the time ed in cuftody, or received in prifon, together with the name or "hen charg-names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch ^ofefuit 1 prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver the fame to the juftices of the peace at their firft or fecond general or ge- the fame to neral quarter fefiions of the peace, to be held after the feventeenth tothe^aar-day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, or at tcr fdfions. fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpe&ively.

II.	And be it further enaded. That the warden of his Ma- The warden iefty’s prifon of the Fleet, and marfhal of the King's Bench prifon, °f the FJeet» fhall Severally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of prifoners of the Khia’s in their refpeltive cuftody, take an oath in the open court of Bench prifon, fuch general or general quarter feflion of the peace, or at fome to take the adjournment thereof, to the effect following ; (that is to fay) followingoath

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, do ^thcir folemnly fwear, profefs and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, wbofe name or names is or are infer ted and contained in the firft part of the life by me now delivered in and fubfcribed, was and were to the befe of my knowledge and belief uponv the fir ft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred andfixty five, really and truly prifoners, in aflual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of [infert the name of the prifon] at the fuit or fuits of the feveralperfon or perfons therein ref peftively mentioned; and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the faid life now by me delivered in and fubfcribed as aforefaid, nave, fence the faidfirft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred andfixty five, been committed or furrendered to the fetid gaol or prifon of [infert the name of the gaol or prifon] at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpe{lively mentioned \ except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in fetch lift particularly mentioned and deferibed to have died, been difcharged, or removed to fome other prifon, by procefs of law, fence the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five \ and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in fucb lift particularly mentioned and deferibed to have been permitted to have gone out of the fetid prifon, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas or King’s Bench, as the cafe (hall be] fence the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, to tranfaft their affairs: and alfo except fuch perfon or . perfons who is or are therein aljo particularly mentioned and deferibed to have, upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, orfence, been in the rules of the faid prifon [of the Fleet or King*s Bench, as the cafe (hall be] by leave of the [warden or marfhall of the faid prifon, as the cafe (hall be] and have to the beft of my knowledge and belief really and truly, ever fence conti-trued and remained in aftual cuftody in the faid prifon of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be] or the liberties thereof at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfons in the faid lift refpeftively mentioned [and if any prifoners have, fince the faid firft day of January} one thouund feven hundred and fixty five, efcaped out of a	either

Digitized by LjOOQle

368	Anno quinto Georgii IIL c.41.	[»7^5.

either of the faid prifons, then infert, except [infert the name or names of the prifoner or prifoners who have efcaped] who, without my knowledge, privity, or confent, hath or have efcaped out of thefaid prifon of	and that the faid lift is a true, exafl, ptr-

fefly and juft lift of all fuch per font who were really and truly prifoner s in aflualcuftody in the faid gaol or prifon of	on	the

faid fir ft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and who, ftnce the faidfirfi day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fivey have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prifoner or prifoners in aftual cuftody in the faid gaol or prifon of	or	the liberties thereof; arid that none of

fueb prifoners, to my knowledge, or with my privityhave voluntarily , or with defign, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of infqhent debt ors, furrendered themfelves, or been committed to the faid prifon, or got their names entered as prifoners in the books of the faid prifon ; or fince the fame firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refsded out of the faid prifon of	or the rules thereof [but it any have

fo done, add except naming fuch by namej

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon or totakfthe Pr^ons in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or following oath liberty,(hall feverally,on the delivering in of any fuch lift refpec-on delivering tively, take an oath in the open court of the general or general in their lifts, quarter feffion of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place, for which he or (he (hall deliver in any fuch lift, and lwear to the effedt following; (that is to fay)

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, do folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every per-fion and perfons, whofit name or names arc inferted and contained in the firft part of the lift by me now delivered in andfubfcribed, was and were, to the left of my knowledge and belief upon the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred andfixty five, really and truly pr if oners in aflual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of	at	the

fiat or fiats of the fevered perfons therein refpefhvely mentioned \ and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the faid lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaid, have, ftnce the faid firfi day ^January, one thoufandfeven hundred andfixtyfive, been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of	(if	any	fuch

prifoner or prifoners hath or have, fince the faid firft day of January , one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, been committed or furrendered to fuch gaol or prifon) at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpcClively mentioned \ except [if any exception is neceffury] fuch perfons as are therein particularly mentioned and deferibed to have died, been difeharged, or removed to fome other prifon by procefi of lazv, or to have efcaped out of fuch prifon, without my privity, knowledge, or confent, fince the faid firfi day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fivet and that

Digitized by L^ooQle

ll 765 J Ahno quinto Georgii III. 0.41.	369

)ellani every of them, whofe name and names is and are contained in }tbe firft part of the faid lift (except as before excepted) to the beft of wy knowledge and belief have really and truly continued and remain-id in actual cuftody, in the faid gaol or prifon of	everftnce the

faidfirjl day of January, one thoufand/even hundred and fixty five; and that the faid lift ts a true, exaCi, perfect, and juft lift, of all fuchperfons as were really and truly prisoners in actual cuftody, in the gaol or prifon of	on the /aid firft day of January, one

thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and who, fence the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, have been reaUy and truly committed, or furrendered to theJaid gaol or prifon of (except as before excepted) to the beft of my knowledge and belief ; and that none of fuch prifoners, to my knowledge, or tvitb my privity, have voluntarily, or with defign, or in expectation to take any benefit,from or under any aCl of parliament to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, furrendered, or been committed to the jaid prtjon of	or got his, her, or their name or names enter-

ed as prif oner or prifoners in the books of the faid prifon, or, fence their commitment, have, to my knowledge, or with my privity, refid-ed out of the faid prifon of	[if any have fo done, then add

except inferting their names]

Which faid refpeilive oaths the faid juftices at the firft or fccond

general or quarter fefiion aforefaid, or at fome adjournment

thereof, within their refpedfcive jurifdi&ions, are hereby impow- by tlic ju. *

ered and required to adminifter in open court; and the words dices in court.

of the faid oath herein before directed to be taken by the faid

warden and marihal refpe&ively, (hall be entered or written at

the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered in by them

refpe<5tiVcly, and (hall be fubferibed and fwom to by them ref-

pe&ively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken

by every other gaoler or keeper refpe&ively, (hall be entered or anl5n^r^L|

written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered bottom

by them refpe&ively, and (hall be fubferibed, and fworn to by of each lift.

them refpc&ively in open court: and every fuch lift which (hall

be fo delivered in, fubferibed, and fwom to, in purfuance of	*£pt

this a<5t, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace of every fuch oLh/peacc.

county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpec-

tively, in which any fuch lift as aforefaid (hall be fworn to, for

the better fatisfa&ion of the faid juftices, and information of all

or any prifoneror prifoners therein named ; and fo as the fame

may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor

orcreditors of fuchprifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 9?Plcs°f*bc That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol |,v*reci in to" or prifon, is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft before be fix’d up in the firft or fecond general or quarter fefiion of the peace (hall he the prifons, held after the faid feventeenth day of June, one thoufand feven a°d onrhe hundred and fixty five, for the county, riding, divifion, city, Satcs hereof, town, place, or liberty, in which any fuch gaol or prifon (hail be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in fome confpicu-Vol. XXVI.	Bb	ous

Digitized by booQle

370	Anno quinto GeoRGH III. 0.41.	[1765*

ous place or places in every fuch prifon, and at the mod frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance into every fuch pri-fon, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper, at the faid general or quarter fefiion, or at fome adjournment thereof. Perfons in- IV. And be it further enafted. That all and every perfon and Uft^beinthC Pcrf°ns whofe name or names (hall be inferted in any fuch lift prifonersf to delivered in as aforefaid, who, upon the firft day of Ja-without a nuary, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, were really fraudulent and truly prifoners in the adtual cuftody of any gaoler or gaol-intention, on ers^ or £eepCr Qf any prifon refpedtively of this kingdom, and 1 Jan*17 5* did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prifon as a prifoner or prifoners there, with a view or defign to take the benefit of fome a<ft for relief of in-folvent debtors, and who {ball take the oath herein after-men-conforming to tioned, and (hall perform on his or her part what is required to on* ofgthi*U done hy him or her by this a<ft, (hall be for ever releafed and S ^aU bc difcharged from his or her imprifonment, in fuch manner as difcharged. hereafter is provided.

Prifoner* in	^'	^rov^c<* always, and be it ena&ed bv the authority afore-

cuftody^t the kid, That any prifoner or prifoners who (nail be in altual cuf-time of pairing tody at the time of paffing this adt, and was or were, on or be-this aft, who fore the firft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and

l^debt onor ®xty ®vc> arre^ec^ f°r anY ^um or ^utns moneY by virtue of before 1 Jan. anY writ or proofs iffuing out of any court of record, and held 1765, and held to bail thereon, and did, on or before the twelfth day of Febru-to bail, and ary9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, render him,

themfelves on ^er> or t^cm^c^vcs» or was or werc furrendered in difcharge of or before 1 * ” h*s, ^er, or their bail, and thereupon committed to prifon, Feb. 1765, and has or have continued therein until the pading of this ad, on conform- by virtue of fuch commitment; every fuch prifoner or prifoners ^ufa^on* of" ^a^> uPon due Pro°f t^e premifles upon oath, be difcharg-thi*aalan8(hall cc* ^rom debt or demand, in like manner as if fuch prifoner be difcharged. or prifoners had been actually in prifon upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and continued therein as aforefaid ; fubjeS neverthelefs to the fame ref-tri&ions and provifions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before impofed upon prifoners aftually in cuftody upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five ; and alfo fubje<ft to the fame terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effects of every fuch prifoner as aforefaid.

Juftice* upon * VI. And be it further enacfted. That it (hall be lawful for the petition of any juftice orjuftices of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, and^his°deli- P*ace> or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any veringa " fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice orjuftices of the peace fchedule of within his or their refpedtive jurifdidfcions, upon every fuch pri-biseftate* foner or prifoners fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace, who (hall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and peribnal

eftate i

Digitized by

1765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. G.4T.	571

eftate ; to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general or cjuaftetf feflion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or fome adjourn- are to Iflue ment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their their warrant hands and feals, to require the (heriff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaol- bringing ers, or keeper of any fuch prifon within the jurilai<5tionof any to^hequarter fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the firft or feflions, &c. fecond next general or general quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpe&ive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the faid pri- of de?**" fon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her de- tainer and tainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes copy of the which he, (he, or they, is or are charged with in any fuch gaol wrlt» &c. or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid ; which warrant o^e0lfuC^c*t# every fuch juftice or juftices every fuch (heriff and (heriffs, gao- warrant, ler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII.	And be it alfb enacted. That the copy of every Schedule Schccja|e0^ which (hall be left with any fuch juftice or juftices, (hall, with- the prifoner’s in ten days after the fame (hall be fo left, be transmitted by the eftate to be juftice or juftices, with whom the fame (hall be fo left, to the

clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, jjj® place, or liberty,, in which the fame (hall have been fo left, forthe in* there to remain and be infpefted, from time to time, as oeda-fpe£tionof the (ion (hall require, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall creditors, defire to infpeft the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaited, that all and every prifoner	jn.

and prifoners, who (hall intend to petition to be difeharged un- tending to pe-derthisaeft, as aforefaid, (hall firft caufe publick notice to be in* tition for their ferted in three feveral London Gazettes previous to fuch general

or quarter feflion, or the adjournment thereof, at which the faid ous^notice

prifoner or prifoners (hall apply to be difeharged from any goal thereof thrice

in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality ; and if fuch in the gazette

prifoner (hall be in cuftody in any gaol out of London, or the newspapers *

weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in fome news paper which nc s ”***” *

(hall be publilhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city,

town, liberty, or place, in the goal whereof he or (he (hall be

fo in cuftody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and

two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch prifoner and contents of

prifoners, and the prifon wherein he, (he, or they, is or arethc notice.

confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit

of this aft, and mentioning fuch notice in each gazette or news

paper, to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the

time of publilhing each of fuch notices; and for the infertihg of

each of which faid feveral notices in the faid gazette, or in anv 4<~ c*c“ t,m<

other news paper, there (hall be paid, each time, by every fuch JJ bcpMfor

prifoner, two pence, and no more : the firft of which faid no- inferring fuch

tices (hall be fo inferted in the faid gazette, or in the faid other notices.

news paper, as the cafe may require, thirty days at leaft, and F,r^ notice to

the laft of the faid notices ten days at leaft, before any fuch firft	the

or fecond general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, iaft so days,

B b 2	(hall

Digitized by v^ooQie

372	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.4.1I	[1765

before the (hall be held as as aforefaid ; fo that as well all the creditors who quarter fef- ^ave not charged the faid prifoner or prifoners in cuftody, as ons, See. thofe creditors who have charged fuch prifoner or prifoners in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife, may have fuffici-ent notice thereof.

p.	, . IX. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch prifoner as

brought into5 aforefaid, who in purfuance of any fuch warrant as aforefaid, court, due frail be brought to any general or general quarter feflion, or any publication of adjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hallbe proved upon oath ri" or by producing the faid three gazettes and news papers before proved &c.g ment>°ned to the faid juftices at any fuch feflion, or the adjourn-9	*	ment thereof, that fuch notices were fo inferted in the London

Gazette, and other news papers, where required, in manner as herein before is dire#ed; and that theperfon or perfons fo pe-;	titiontng,	was	or	were	a&ually a prifoner or prifoners on the

Js	faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

ofhiseftatc* ®ve» or fince, in the gaol or prifon in which his, her, or their debts, and * name or names is or are fpecified in the lift of prifoners there decreditors livered in at any fuch firft or fecond feflion, or any adjournment thereof as aforefaid, in purfuance of this a#, (hall, in open court at the faid general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, fubferibe and deliver in a true fchedulc or account of all his or her real eftate, either in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy; and alfo of the whole of his or her perfonal eftate which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feized of, interefted in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpectively live, or may be met with; and the feveral fums of money from them refpec-tivelv owing, and how the fame refpedtively became due, and are (ecured \ and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contra#, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the feveral witnefles who can prove fuch debts or contracts (if there be any fuch) and frail alfo make oath and fwear to the effect following; (that is to fay)

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence af Almighty God, do folemnly fwear, protefi, and declare, That on the firfl day of oath on deli- January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, I was a prU

Aid^ichcdule! foner> or e!fe* as fre ca& may be, that fence the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, I have Jurrendered, or have been committed to the prifon of	in difeharge of

my bail, or for want of bail, as the cafe (hall be; and that I was actually arrefled before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in the aftion or fuity aflions or Juits, in which I furrendered, or was committed, as aforefaid, to the faid gaol or prifon of	and	that I have, ever fence my faid

furrendcr or commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of

in the attual cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of	or	within

the liberties thereof, at the fuit of	and	without

any

Digitized by t^ooQle

373

1765.] Atjno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.

any fraud or collufion whatsoever \ and that the fchedule now delivered by me and fubfcribed, doth contain to the bejl of my know-ledge* remembrance, and belief a full* juft* true* and perfect account and difcovery of all the goods* effeCls* and ejlates* real and perfonal* either in pojfejfion* reversion* remainder* or expectancy* woich I* or any perfon in trujl for me* or for my benefit or advantage* am fifed or pcffeffed of * interefied in* or intit led to\ and of all debts as are to me owing* or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me •* and of all the fecurities and contracts whereby any money now is* or will or may hereafter become payable* or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me* or to my ufe* or to any perfon or perfons in trujl for me\ and the names and places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing 5 and of the witnejfes that can prove Juch debts or contracts* if any fuch there be; and that neither I* nor any other perfon or perfons in trujl for me* or for my ufe* have any lands* money, Jlock* or any ejlate* real or perfonal* in pojfejfion* reverfion* or remainder* or expectancy, other than what are in the faid fchedule contained; except wearing apparel* and bedding for myfelf and family* working tools* and necejfiiry implements for my occupation and calling* and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds * and that I have not* nor any body for me hath* direCtly or indirectly* fold* lejfened* or otherwife conveyed* iifpofed of in truft* or concealed* all or any part of my lands* money* goods* chattels* Jlock* debts* fecurities* contracts* or ejlate* real or perfonal* whereby to feiure the fame* or to receive or expeCi any profit or advantage thereof* or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors* to whom I am or was indebted in any wife howfoever.

So help me GOD.

And the faid fchedule and oath (hall be by every fuch prifoner fubfcribed in the prefence of the juftices in open feflion of the peace as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain with the clerk of tne peace for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place, where the fame (hall be fubfcribed and taken, for the better information of all the creditors of fuch prifoner who (hall defire, or may have occafion, to refort thereto; and every fuch creditor (hall be at liberty at feafonable times in the day-time, to perufe and examine over the fame.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the juftices within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, at any fuch general or general quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner, are hereby authorized to caufe the deputy warden and marfhal of the Fleet and King's Bench prifon, and any other under officer, tipftaff and turnkey of any gaol or prifon, and any other perfon to come before them, and to examine them refpeftively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this aft to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which (hall have been taken in open court by any fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall not be difgrovcd by good teftimony of any credible perfon or

B b 3	per-

Schedule and oath to be fubfcribed in the court; and lodged with the clerk of the peace, for the examination of the creditors.

Court, if required by the creditor, may adminifter an oath to the gaoler, oran^ other perfon, touching any of the matters preferibed to be fworn to.

Digitized by i^ooQie

374	Anno	quinto	GeoRGH	III.	€.41. C17^5*

The rifon Per^ons on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of them, er’9e0ath°not prefent at any fuch general or quarter feffion, (hall be fatistied being difprov- with the truth of the oath taken by any fuch refpedtive prifoner, ed, the court then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch feffion, or fome adjournment is to difcharge thereof, command the faid (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, im>	or keeper of fuch prifonor prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty

fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or upon paying a reward, other than one (hilling for his or their attendance with fee of 1*. to fuch prifoner or prifoners at fuch general or quarter feffion, or the gaoler. any a<jjournments thereof, in order for his, her, or their difcharge, and which every fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fuch prifon or prifons, is and are hereby authorized to receive and take for every fuch order: Gaolertadem- and every fuch order (hall be a fufficient difcharge to the (heriff uified for the or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, rfcapp. an(j in(jemnify him or them againft any efcape or efcapes, or aflion or actions whatfoever for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Eftate and ef. That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch feasof the prifoner, of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold Jis^ifcLar^e” an<* C0Py as cuftomaryhold, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, to veft intfie ar>d effe<fts, of every fuch prifoner, (hall, immediately after the clerk of the difcharge of any fuen prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby veft-peace, ed in the clerk of the peace of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any fuch pri-whoistomake foner (hall be refpeftively difeharged ; and every fuch clerk of tothe^ffi^nees	Peacc ls hereby diredled and required to make an affignment

named by the an<* conveyance of every fuch prifoner’s eftate and effedls, veft-epurt.	pd in fuch clerk of the peace as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or

creditors of the faid prifoner as the juftices at any general or general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their relpedtive ju-rifdidtions, (hall order or diredt (which affignment and conveyance (hall be good and effectual. in law to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper (lamped) and to veft\he eftates thereby affigned and conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the eftate and intereft the prifoner had for which he' therein> and for the preparing, ingroffing, and executing, of is to be paid which affignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peace ftiall take any greater fee than two (hillings ; and every fuch affignment and conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch prifoner, in refpedt or in proportion to their refpeftive debts: and every per-Aflignws im- fon ancj perfons to whom any fuch affignment and conveyance 0 as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to *	fue, from time to time, as there may be occafion, in his,

her, or thjeir own name or names, for the recovery and attaining

*s and po more.

Digitized by

375

1765.]	Anno quinto Georg 11 III. c. 41.

ing -any eftate or effects of any fuch prifoner, and alfo to execute any truft or power vefted in, or created for, the ufe or be- truiT^r nefit of any (uch prifoner; but in truft, for the benefit of him powcHn the or themfelves, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch prifoner; prifoner'g be-and to give difeharge and difeharges to any debtor or debtors to half; any fuch prifoner as (hall be requifite: and every fuch aflignee Sive dif-and aflignees (hall, with all convenient fpeed after his or their Xhcv^are to accepting any fuch aflignment or conveyance, ufe his and their get in, with all beft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effects of the every fuch prifoner; and lhall, with all convenient fpeed, make J*l^t.e0atn<| fale, or dilpofition of falc, of all the eftates of fuch priioner priI^n°cr|ie vefted in fuch aflignee or aflignees; and if any fuch prifoner Lid make (hall be interefted in, or intitled to, any real eftate, cither in pof- f»l«% within feflion, reveriion, cr expe&ancy, the lame, within the fpace of1 r™on<-^s’ real two months after every fuch alignment and conveyance, (hall eftate Inm^n-be fold by publick auction in fuch manner, and at fuch place, neragrecd upas the major part of the creditors of any fuch prifoner who fhall on at a meet, aflemble together on any notice in writing publilhed in the Lon-	*!,c	crc-

don Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the prifoner before his ^on^foMhat going to gaol refided in London, or in the weekly bills of morta- purpofe;

Tity, and if elfewhere, then in fome news paper which (hall be publflhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty or place, in which fuch prifoner dwelt before he or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, fhall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on : and every fuch and maJcc a from affignee and aflignees, at the end of three months at fartheft dividend the time of his accepting any fuch aflignment or conveyance as within 3 aforefaid, (hall make a juft and fair dividend of all fuch prifoner’s months; eftates and effects which (hall have been then got amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor’s refpedtive debts; but before any fuch dividend fhall be made, ^ ma|c*n fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall make up an account of fuch pri- up their at? (oner’s eftate and make oath in writing before one or more counts, and juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, verifying the town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch prifoner (hall have upon been difeharged, that every fuch account contains a juft and fair account of the eftate and effects of every fuch prifoner got in by or for fuch aflignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in refpedt thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid ; and notice of 3° day* no. the making of every fuch dividend (hall be publilhed in like manner as a meeting of creditors is herein before directed to be an^diddemS, publilhed, thirty days at leaft before the fame (hall be made : and none to * and no creditor fhall be allowed to receive any lhare of fuch receive any dividend, until he (hall have made out the.juftnefs and identity J^1'* of his refpedive debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before	)V*S

fottle fuch juft .ee or juftices ; and if any creditor of fuch prifoner rhcii delv*. (hall be diflatisfied with the reality or fairne s of any debt Debts entered, claimed by any other creditor, then the fame, at the requeft of10** *x-*min-any fuch creditor or creditors fo diffatisfied, (hall be examined determinedbv iflto by the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liber- the court. 7

B b 4	tyf

Digitized by

Google

tisfying all claims thereon, to go to the priioner.

No fait in e-quity to be commenced, but by con-fent of the majority in value of the creditors. Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney.

fe£t»:

376	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 41;	[1765.

ty, or place, in which fuch prifoner (hall have been difeharged, Surplus of the at their next general or general quarter feffion, and what they prifoner se- (hall there determine in the premifles, (hall be conclufive to all ftate, after fa- parties : and if, after payment of all fuch prifoner’s creditors,

*....... "	there (hall any of his eftate and effe&s remain after payment of

all reasonable charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch prifoner, his executors or adminiftrators.

XII.	Provided further, and be it alfo enaefted, That no fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any affignee or affignees of any fuch prifoner’s eftate and effects, without the confent of the major part, in value, of the creditors of fuch prifoner, who (hall meet together purfuant to a notice to be given in the London Gazette for that purpofe.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the peace of every refpedlive county, city, and county town, and county, riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any fchedule of the eftates of any insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left,

wponpiyment an(j ys fucceffors, clerks of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, on fchedule of reaf°nabfc reaUeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infol-the priToner's vent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their at-eitate and cS jorney? produce and (hew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedule of the eftates of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, or his predeceflbr in that office 5 the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, in whofc cuftody any fuch fchedule (hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling, for his trouble in fearching for, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufcd by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to perufe the fame ; and that a true copy of every fuch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting, the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on (lamp paper, and for Which copy no more (hall be paid than fix pence by the fheet, which (hall be each fheet to contain ninety words, and fo in proportion fora evidence in letter t imber of words in any (beet, (hall, at all times, be ad-ail courts. rnitted in all courts whatfoeVer as legal evidence of the fame: Clerk of the and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, on rcafoh-peace i-etullng aye reqUeft as aforefaid, negledt or refufe to produce to any fuch fucfTfchedule, creditor pr creditors as aforefaid, or his or their attorney, any or to deliver a fuch fchedule asi aforefaid, and to permit the fame to be infpedl-copy thereof, ed as aforefaid, in tlie day-time, on fuch payment or tender as or taking ex- aforefaid, being made to him ; or (hall a(k of take more than after the rate of fix pence by the (beet, each fheet to contain ninety words, and fo in proportion for lefs than ninety words in a (neet; or (hall refufe' to make and deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requefteef as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy, after the rate aforefaid \ (hall, for every fuch offence, for-- ..	   ,	w	,	.	frit

attefted copy thereof to be granted;

orbitant fees for the fame,

.V t

Digitized by i^ooQle

*1765*] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 41.	3yy #

feit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which (hall and may be forfeits 10L fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record and treble * at Weftminfter, by action of debt, together with treble cofts ofcofts s fuit, in the name of any perfon who will profecute for the fame: °"c moj?tyto and one moiety of which money forfeited, (hall, when recover- ™ and the ied, go to the party who profecutes for the fame, and the other otj,'er t0 t^e moiety thereof to the poor of the parifli iij which the offence poor of the {hall be committed.	parifli.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That before fuch ^ Qf time as any affignee or aflignees, as aforefaid, (hall enter on, copyhold and or take anv profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as cuftomaiy e-aforefaid, he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or Gates to corn-lords of the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be hold- t^ekmTof jen, for the payment of fuch fine or income as, upon any fur- the manor, render and admiflion thereto, hath heretofore been mod ufually accuftomed to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement or and to be ad-compofition, the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the roitted tenants next court, or feme fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for thereupon, the faid manor or manors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch affignee or affignees tenant to Tuch copyhold orcqftom-ary premises, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during (uch eftate and intereft as the prifoner had therein at the time of his or her being difeharged as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, cuftoms, and fervices, payable ana to be rendered in refpelt of the faid copyhold and cuftomary premises.

XV.	Provided alio. That nothing herein contained (hall The prifon-extend to prejudice or affelt any eftate, or intereft, or right er’s, &c. right whatfoever, of any other perfon or perfons, other than the on^So^beaf-faid prifoner or fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or fub- by this jell unto, the eftate or intereft of the faid prifoner or fugitive aft. hereby veiled in the (aid clerk of the peace; but that the eftate,

intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon and perfons, fhall remain, continue, and be faved to them, in the fame manner as if this alt had not been made.

XVI.	Provided further, and be it enalted by the authority Effefts on the aforefaid. That where any rent, not exceeding two years rent,

(hall be due to any perfon or perfons from fuch prifoner or pri- due^are to be Toners, at the time or his or their refpeltive difeharges, in refpelt transferred to to any mefiuages, lands, or tenements, then in leafe to fuch pri- the landlord, foner or prifoners rcfpeltively, for life or lives, for years, at will, a"g to'the^* or otherwife, no goods or chattels then lying or being in or up-on the refpeltive tenements, liable to be diftrained, mail be af-	’

figned by the clerk of the peace in manner aforefaid, but (hall, by fuch clerk of the peace, be transferred to fuch landlord or landlords, or fome perfon or perfons intruded for him or them refpediveiy, towards fatisfa&ion of the rent then due, not exceeding two years rent, as aforefaid, unlefs the perfon or per- un|c& th Tons to whom fuch alignment and conveyance (hall be made (hall agree to by fuch clerk of the peace, (hall, by writing under his hand, fatisfy the dr their refpellive hands, before (uch aflignment (hall be made, landlord,

^	agree

Digitized by Google

Anno quinto Georgii II. C4J. [*765.

a|ree to pay or fatisfy to fuch landlord or landlords the rent t<> him or them refpe&ively due, not exceeding two years rent as aforefaid ; to the intent that fuch landlord or landlords may be fatisfied the rent or rents to him or them refpedhvely due, before any divifion of the eftate or eflfedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall be made among his other creditors, in like manner as he or they might be fatisfied the rent to him or them refpe&ively due, before the removal of fuch goods and chattels, by virtue Aft S Ann* an cxccut*on> by f°rce °f the ftatute made in the. eighth year of her late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better Jecurity of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants \ any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

AH mort- XVIL Provided alfo, and be it enadled by the authority afort-gagc», fta- faid,That nothing in this adfc (hall extend, or be conftrued to hin-tutes, recog- fa or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the eftate of hldgement^^ fach prifoner or prifoners, or any part thereof, to take place up-are to take	on the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch

place, prefer- mortgage or mortgages refpe&ively ; nor to prevent any ftatute able to claims ftaple, ftatute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknow-Banue. n°r	by,	or	obtained	againft,	any fuch prifoner or prifon-

ers, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of '	fuch prifoner or prifoners; and alfo where any inquifition (hall

have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ of execution fhall have been taken out and delivered to the fherifF or proper officer, upon any fuch judgement before fuch difeharge (hall be given in open feffion to any fuch perfon as a-forefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch prifoner refpeftively fliall be fubjelt thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as (hall remain really due upon fuch mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpe&ively, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred toother creditors of an inferior nature, a-gainft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner and prifoners refpedHvely, if this a6t had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XVIII. And whereas many perfons who may be intitied to, and claim the benefit of, this a&, are feifed and poffefled of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to fuch prifoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, referving fmall rents on fuch eftates, for one, two, or three lives, in poffelfion or reverfion, or for fojne number of years determinable upon lives; which faid

!>owers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of boh prifoners $ be it therefore cna&ed by the authority afore-. laid. That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leaf-prilbner'of *n8 ^ch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or leafing lands, (hall be verted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, fee. to veft in (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the affignee or afiignees of the affignees, the real and perfonal eftate of fych prifoner, by virtue of this

aft*

Digitized by t^ooQle

379

1765-] Anno quintoGEORGii II. c.41.

a<St, to be by fuch aflignee or aflignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforefaid.

XIX.	And whereas in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or other-wife, by perfons who never a<5t as gaolers or keepers themfelves, or know any thing of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or perfons under them as gaolers or keepers

of fuch gaols or prifons; be it therefore enadted. That in every The a&ing fuch cafe, the perfon who (hall have been adtually employed and gaoler at the adted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any Yuch gaol or prifon, tlm5 ot m at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby dire&ed to be jifo”oniy delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol or prifon, at any liabieto be general or quarter feflion of the peace, or fome adjournment fworn. thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper (unlefs where fuch principal gaoler or keeper (hall a6k as gaoler or keeper him- . felf) (hall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Court, if r«-That the juftices at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, quired by a or adjournment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought creditor, op-in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall, if required by any creditor or ^crVdU?”* creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners who (hall oppofe his charge, i*"to or her difeharge, adrpinifter and give to the gaoler, or the perfon adminifter the who a6ts as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time of following bringing up any fuch prifoner in order to be difeharged under

this a£t, an oath to the following effedt (that is to fay)	8

I A. B. do /wear, That	was	really	and	truly	a	The oath.

prifoner in my cufiody, in the prifon of	to	the

beft of my knowledge and belief \ at or upon and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his or her com-mitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid

and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon what-foever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

And if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler If fuch per-or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon on the faid firft day of fon (hall not January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, or fince, ^oieronV^ mail not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or fan *1765,&c. keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the timfc any fuch lift as then the tol-aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the juftices at lowing oath any fuch feflion, or at any adjournment thereof, may, and are ,,.t0.^>c hereby required to adminifter and give the refpedive perfon orper-	cr Q

fons who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, oath, touching the commitments or books of

com-

Digitized by L^ooQle

The oath*

380	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. c. 41.	[1765.

commitment of any fuch prifon, to the effect following (that is to fay)

I A. B. do /wear, That I have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment, of prifoners to the prifon of	in	the	(county,	riding,	divi-

fion, city, town, place, or liberty of

as the cafe (hall be) and that I do verily believe that the /aid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fifliti-ouSy nor calculated for this purpofe; and by them it doth appear that,

was on the

day of	really	and	truly	a	prifoner in the aftual

cujiody of	the	then	gaoler	or	keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of the faid prifon, without fraud or deceit, by me, or any other perfon or perfons to my knowledge.

So help mt GOD.

Court, if re- XXI. And, in order to difeover any fraudulent entries or

quired by a commitments of prifoners in any gaol books, be it further en-

creditor, may a&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the juftices at any gene-

ra* or <luarter of the peace, or any adjournment thereof,

a6ted as gaol- are hereby authorized, at the requeft of any creditor or credi-

eron i Jan. tors of any prifoner, to convene before them, at fome certain

1765, or fioce, time to be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons who was

or were gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any

gaol or prifon within their refpeCtive jurisdictions, on the faid

nrft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five,

and examine Pr at any rime fince, and to examine every fuch gaoler or keeper,

him touching or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commit-

the commit- ment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner, as the

finuance in*’juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feftion, or adjournment

cuitody of the thereof, (hall think fit: and if any fheriff, gaoler, or keeper,

prifoner. or repqted gaoler or keeper, (hall negleCt or refufe to bring be-

Gaolerdif- fore fuch juftices at any feflion of the peace, or adjournment

obeying the thereof, any prifoner as (hall be directed and required by war-

warrant, or ^ r ' * /!•	• n-	c	c	'	j	\

order of the rant °* anY Juft,ce or juftices as aforefaid, or to attend, or

court, &c. being fuminoned for that purpofe; or if any gaoler or keeper forfeits 100I. attending, (hall refufe to make anfwer and dilcovery in the pre-coftslrCWC m^cs»as be reafonably required at fuch general or quarter c s’	feflion,	or any adjournment thereof $ he, (he, or they, fo of-

fending in the premiffes, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fumof ope hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and (or the ufe, of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, m any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlrpinftery together vyjth treble cofts of fuit.

XXII. And whereas great number of workmen, fkilful in the feveral trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and glfo many able feamen and mariners, finding themfelves unable to fatisty the whole of their refp^Ctive debts, and dreading the mi-

feries,

1	m

Digitized by Google

38i

*765.] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c, 41.

ferics of a gaol, have chofe to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themfelves in foreign fervice: and whereas their continuance abroad mud be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom 5 in order therefore to induce and enable fuch perfons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or Debtors who were actually beyond the feas in foreign parts on the faid firft day 'Yer® beyond of January y one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five,and did not,janf* go into fuch foreign parts with the view or intent to gain or have furrendering the benefit of an infolvent debtor's adt, who (hall return and fur- themfelves, render himfelf or themfelves unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper may take the or keepers, of the prifons of the King's Bencby Marjhalfeay or10 * Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, * of the prifon or prifons of fuch county, city, town, riding, divifion, liberty, or place, where fuch debtor or debtors laft dwelt for the fpace of fix months (which faid gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain fuch debtor or debtors furrendering as a-forefaid, in order to their difcharge as herein after mentioned)

(hall, from and immediately after fuch furrender as aforefaid, be deemed a prifoner or prifoners within, and be to all intents and purpofes intitled to, the benefit of this adt; and (hall, upon due proof of the faid premises, by the oath of fuch debtor or debtors (not difproved by anv credible witnefs) be difcharged in the fame manner as if he, file, or they, had been actually in prifon on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and continued therein as aforefaid; fub-jedfc neverthelefs to the fame reftriclions and provifions, and a ^^g^other compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, pnfoncA j herein before impofed upon the faid prifoners actually in cuftodv upon the faid firft day of January, one thoyfand feven hundred and fixty five, and alfo fubjedt to the terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effe&s of fuch prifoner as aforefeid ; excepting only fuch particulars thereof, as require the name of . a prifoner to be inferted in the gaoler’s or keeper's lift as afore- fuch plrticu-faid, or relate to the oaths of fuch gaoler or keeper herein be- lars wherein fore appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot poflibly be the cafes of applied to the cafe of perfons furrendering themfelves as afore- both faid ; and alfo except the faid oath herein before appointed to be taken by prifoners in cuftody upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, infiead whereof, the faid perfon or perfons fo furrendering (hall take an oath in open court at fome general or quarter fdfion of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or liberty, in the prifon of which any fuch fugitive or debtor, (hall be held after the furrender of any fuch fugitive or debtor, to the effedl following ; which the faid juftiCes authorized to put this adl in execution, are hereby required and impowered to adminifter, in fuch manner as the oaths herein before-mentioned are to be adminiftcred.

I A. B,

Digitized by L^ooQle

382	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C.	41.	[1765.

Fugitive’s	T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God,

oath.	A folemnly fivear, proteji, and declare, That I was actually on the

firji day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty jive, beyond the feas in foreign parts, videlicet, at and that the fchedule now delivered and by me fubferibed, doth contain, to the bejl of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief a full, juft, true, and perfect account and difeovery of all the real ejiate, goods, effects, and other per final ejiate, /« <ray wife belonging to me; and alfi of all fuch debts as are to me owing,	<wy per fin or per-

fins in truji for me; of all the fecurities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any other per fin or perfons in truft for meand the names and places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fucb debts are due and owing; and of the witnejfes that can prove fucb debts or contrasts, if any fuen there be; and that neither I, nor any perfin or perfons in truft for me, is or are feifed of any real eftate in pojfef-fton, reverfion, or remainder, or expectancy, or of any perfinal eftate of any kind whatfoever, other than what are tn the feud fchedule contained; except my wearing apparel, and bedding for myfelf and family, my working tools, and necejjary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding in the ivhole, the value of ten pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lejfened, or otberwifi conveyed, difpofid of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my real eftate, money, goods, chattels, ftocis, debts, fecurities, controls, or other perfinal eftate whatfoever, whereby to fecure the fame, fi as to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myjelf or family, or with any view, intent, or defgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom lam indebted in any wifi howfoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their rejpedive debts.

So help mt GOD.

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Gaoler and That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, or his deputy or printer of the deputies, (hall, without juft caufe to be approved of by the Gazette, or juftices at fome general or quarter feflion of the peace, or ad-°aher ^ot* journment thereof, within their rpfpedlive jurifdictions, refufe implying or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid to with the re- any fuch general or quarter feflion, or fome adjournment there-gulations in of, in order to his. or her difeharge, or (hall negleft, refufe, or feVt fool to defignedly omit to infert, in any (uch lift, the name or names of the prisoners, anY fuch prifoner or prifoners who was or were actually in cu-with treble * ftody in his or their refpedlive gaol or prifon on the faid firft day cofts of fuit. of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, or fince \ or (hall negleft or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver, fuch lifts as aforefaid; or if any ftich gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negledt or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (hall, upon any account pr pretence whatfoever, take or receive

Digitized by L^ooQie

1765 ]	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 41.	383

ccivc more than the faid fum of one {hilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be difeharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid $ or (hall detain any fuch pri-foner after he or (he (hall be difeharged as aforefaid 5 or if the printer of the London Ga%itte% or other news paper as aforefaid,

(hall wilfully refufe or negled to infert therein the name, trade, occupation, and laft place of abode, of fuch prifoner, on reasonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforefaid for doing thereof ; every fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall ref-peclively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in any fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds j which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cods of fuit, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Wejlmnjier, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXIV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. Gaoler con-That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any yi&ed of per-deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, (hall, in taking any of iury» forfeits the afore-mentioned oaths, forfwear or perjure himfelf, and cort^of (hall thereof be lawfully convicted, fuch gaoler or keeper, or de- fujt> &c. pu'ed gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon or prifons (over and above fuch penalties as may be inflicted on perfons convicted of perjury) (nail, upon every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered with full cods, by bill pi nnt, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majef-ty’s courts of record at IVefiminJier, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch perfon or perfons, his or their executors and adminidra- one moiety to tors, to whom any aflignment or conveyance, in purfuance of go to the in this aCt, (hall be made, of the edate and cffeCts of fuch prifoner former, and or prifoners ; and if no fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall be living,	’

then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors fog^he *5ts who (hall fue for the faid penalties $ to be applied, one moiety ofthe credi-to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fa- tor*, tisfa&ion of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors.

XXV.	And be it furthe^jenaCted, That if any clerk of the Clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall delay or refufe to give every or any P«acc refuting fuch prifoner fo difeharged as aforefaid, within ten days after his	a

or her difeharge, a copy of the order of his or her difeharge, on difcHarge,1 the payment of two (hillings and fix pence, or (hall take more or taking’«-than the faid fum of two (hillings and fix pence for fuch copy, »*bitant fee* or (hall take more than two (hillings for an aflignment or con- orrforCaffimn * veyance of fuch prifoner’s eftate or effe&s \ every clerk of the jng ovcr peace, or his deputy, who (hall fo offend, and who (hail be prifoner'* ef-convi&ed at any fuch general or quarter feffion of the peace, or «*te and ef-any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence, (hall for every ^s.5	.

fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner the fum of [he prtfoner. ° twenty pounds* as thejuftices of the peace, at any fuch general

or

Digitized by t^ooQle

Prifoner convicted of perjury to fuffer as a felon.

Perfons dif-charged by this ad, not liable to ar-reft for debts, Sec. contract -cd before 1 Jan.1765.

Juftices, (he-riffs, and gaolers, may plead this ad to any aftion of efcape, or fuit brought againft them and recover 1 treble coifs. Perfons difeharged may

1>leaa general y, &c. to all aftion* or judgements Drought a-gainft them before 1 Jan. 1765, &c.

Anno (Juinto Georgii III. c. 4^.’	[ 1 76#

or quarter feffionof the peace, or adjournment theitof, (hall order 5 and who are hereby impowered to caufe the fame to bt levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, fo offending.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any prifoner as aforefaid, or any other perfon or perfons, who (hall take the benefit of this aft, fhaH forfwear or peijure himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this aft, and (hall be lawfully convifted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer as fuch, without benefit of clergy.

X^CVII. And be it further enafted by’the authority aforefaid. That no perfon to be difeharged by this aft (hall, at any time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, contempts, cons. Aim or fums of money, contrafted, incurred, occafioned, owing, or growing due, before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; but that upon every arreft upon every judgement or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts cods, fum and Aims of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs iffued/ upon (hewing the copy of the order of fuch prifoners difeharge or difeharges, to releafe and difeharge out of cuftody fuch priloner or prifoners as aforefaid ; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered fo to do on fuch prifoners caufinga common appearance 'to be entered for him in every fuch aftion and fuit-

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any aftion of efcape, or any fuit or aftion, be brought againft any juftice or juftices of the peace, (heriff, gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance of this aft, they may plead the general iffue, and give this aft in evidence j and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, ordifeontinue bis aftion, or verdiftpafs againft him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any feire facias* or aftion of debt, or upon judgement, (hall be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained againft any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance acknow'-ledged by him or her, before the faid firft day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, with refpeft to prifoners in actual cuftody, or with refpeft to debtors beyond the feas, as aforefaid, upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, it (hall be lawful for any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch prifoner was aftually a prifoner in fuch prifon at fuch a perfon’s fuit, or was or were beyond the feas in foreign parts on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, and was or were duly difeharged according to this aft, at the general or quarter feffion, or adjournment

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.3 Anno quinto GeoRGIi IIT. c. 4r<	385

ment thereof, held at fuch time and place for fuch county, rid-ing, divifion, liberty, city, town* or place (as his, her, or their cafe is) without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or aftion (hail be commencea againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum or fums of money, due before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, to plead in difcharge of his or her perfon from execution (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid) that fuch debt or fum of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contracted or due before the faid firft day of JanuaryT one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the plaintiffs (hall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other inatteror thing which may (hew the faid defendant not to bein-titlcd to the benefit of this aft, or not duly difeharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this aft, and his difcharge by virtue of this aft, f. ecially ; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difeontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble cofts.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the autho- Bankrupts not . rity aforefaid, That no perfon againft whom a commiflion ofobtaining

bankrupt hath been awarded and iflued out, and who hath not cates iiTdue already obtained his certificate and difcharge of his debts, in time, exciud-purfuance of and in fuch manner as is direfted by fome or one ed from the of the afts of parliament nowin force relating to or concerning benefit of this bankrupts, or fhali not obtain fuch certificate and difcharge be-fore fuch time as he (hall be brought before the jufticcs of the peace at their general or quarter feftion, or fome adjournment thereof, held as aforefaid, in order to be difeharged in purfuance of this aft, (hall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this aft, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained fhali extend, or he conftrued to extend, to releafe or difcharge

any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon or perfons clients money afting, or pretending to aft, as fuch, with regard to any debt oreffefts, ex-with which he or they (hall (land charged, for any money, or eluded the be-other effefts, recovered and received by hirp or them, for the^fit0^thls ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons afting as fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own ufe ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Gaolerto per-

That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hall and is hereby re- mit the fpcak-quired to luffer, in the day-time, any perfon or perfons defiring	Pnyate

the fame, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome convenient	name*:

room of the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whofe are inferred irt names are inferted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or London the lift, or Gazette, or other news paper, or any of them, or any perfons GazcWe> &c,

Vol. XXVI.	Cc	fur-

<j.o I."with coils of fuit.

386	Anno quintoGcoRGH III. C. 41.'	f 1765,

and the exa- rendering themfclves purfaant to this aft; and alfo fee, in the mining the true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of offntAes,00^8 the 03016 or names of fuch prifoner or prisoners, together with &c.	*	the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fait or fairs

on penalty of he, fhe, or they are detained : and if any fuch gaoler or keeper (hall negleft or refufe to comply with what is here above required, every fudi gaoler or keeper, who fhall fo offend m the premiffes, fhall forfeit and pay to the perfon fo refufed and aggrieved, the fum of forty pounds ; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of fVeJiminfttr, wherein np effoin, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enafted,That notwith-ftanding the perfon of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, fhall be difehargea under this aft, the future eftates and notwithftand- effefts of every fuch prifoner and fugitive (hall remain and be li-fonsd dl£r~ a^e to ^er,anc* refpedlive creditors as before the mak-charge, liable fog of this aft, (his, her, or their neceffary wearing appard, to creditors $ and bedding for his, her, or their families, and working tools Wiaikl£jaPPa" an^ implements neceffary for his, her, or their trade or occupa-and workhie* 0on> not cxcecding value of ten pounds in the whole, only tools. See. S excepted) and any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner or not exceeding prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, foe

Prifonert'fo-ture eftate and effefts,

10I. value, excepted.

Creditor may

out execution, extents, or other pfocefs, on any judgement at the time of fuch difeharge recovered, or ftatute ftaple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or fentence or decree obtained againft any fuch prifoner or fugitive, but not againft his, her, or their perfon, or his, her, or their refpeftrve wearing apparel, bedding working tools, and implements, as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And be it aflfo enafted, That any creditor or credi-ftwfortb<Tre- tors of any prifoner. or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, who ffiall covcryof debt be difeharged under this aft, may, at any time after any fach due at the difeharge, commence and profecute any aftion or fuit againft ^Tfonw’s'dif* a°y Prrf°ner or fugitive, his, her, or their refpeftive heirs, charge, 1 executors, or adminiftrators, for the recovery of any fum or futns but not hold of money which (hall be due from any fuch prifoner or prifoners riie prifoner to fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her (aid difeharge, but 1 l'*“l fhall not hold the perfon of any fuch prifoner or fugitive to fpe-cial bail ; nor (hall take the perfon, neceffary wearing apparel, bedding, tools, or implements, as aforefaid, of any fuch prifoner or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, fentence, or decree, which (hall hereafter be recovered or obtained againft any fuch prifoner or fugitive : and in any aft ion or fuit, which lhall be hereafter commenced againft any fach prifoner or fugitive* his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, no benefit or advantage (hall be had or taken, for that the caufe of aftion did a™gwUh. not accrue within three years next before the commencing of in ) years,	any fuch aftion or fuit; nor (hall .any ftatute of limitation be

aor of the	pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded fo bar of or in any fuch

aftion

fpecial bail nor take his perfon, wear ine apparel, bedding, or tools, in judgement, ana no advantage is to be taken of the caufe of aftion not

Digitized by i^ooQle

17^5*1 Anno quinto Georgii III, c. 41.	387

action or fait, which (hall be hereafter commenced by any fuch ftatute ofli-creditor or creditors, againft any fach prifoner or prifoners, un- mltation. left fach caufe of action or fait did not accrue within three years next before any fach prifoner ojr fugitive (hall he difcharged un- Exception* der this aft; and in any fach cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any fuch prifoner his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it likewife enabled, That

by the difcharge of any prifoner or fugitive by force of this act, Difcharge of no other perfon or perfons who was dr were partner or partners prifoner no in trade with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, at the time of his or acqumal her difcharge under this act, or then (food bound, engaged with orfurSes!'^ or liable to, the payment of any debt witty any fuch prifoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract together with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, (hall be difcharged from any fach debt or demand ; but every fach other perfon and perfons (hall feverally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fach contrails,, in like manner as if any fuch prifoner or fugitive had never been difcharged from the fame.

XXXVI.	And be it farther ena&cd. That if any gaoler or

keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, Gaoler mak-(hall make, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book inJ5 ftlfe cn-or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of prifo^txjok which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or caufe to or lifts, fpr* be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any frits $ool, falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein ; or (hall in- treWe • fert in any lift to he delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names ~ pf any perfon or perfons who was not a prifoner or prifoners in actual cuftody in any fuch gaol or prifon upon the faid fir ft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, or (hall not have ever fince remained in fuch actual cuftody; except as in the oath of any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (haH be excepted; every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall over and above the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every fach fraud, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble cofts of fait, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of any perfon or perfons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or fuch falfe entries ; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefim'ivjier, wherein no eiloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XxX VII. And be it further enacted. That iF any prifoner, being thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refufe to difeover and declare the trade or occupation and habitation or laft place of fuling to deabode, of the perfon or perfons at whole fait he or foe isdetained thc a* pr charged in cuftody; or being called for and defired, by any ere-,ditor or creditors, ro come to the lodge of the prifon in which whofefuit he any fach prifoner (hali be confined, without fame rcafonable is detained, or ■caufe being made appear to the contrary ; every fuch prifoner, to come t0

• W«SSSjr“

over and a-bove all other penalties for luch fraud.

Prifoner re-

Digitized by LjOOQle

388	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.41.	[iy6$»

is excluded upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to 1 8	be held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or dif-

charge by or under this a<5t; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one common or county goal for each of the refpe<flive counties of York and Lincoln, which faid counties are each of them divided into feveral rid-* ings or divifions, all which have feveral commiffions of the peace ; and if the goaler of thofe gaols be obliged to carry the com,CYork debtors, prifoners therein, to the quarter felCon of each riding or and Lincoln divifion, the fame will be a very great charge, not only to fucb to meet at the gaolers, but alfo to the prifoners in thofe large counties; be it £>unty gaols, therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and ch^reeofpri- may ^ *awfu* for mo or morc juftices of the peace for each of loners. P " the ridings and divifions in the refpe&ive counties, at the com^ mon or county gaol thereof refpediively, or at fome convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to aflemble and meet, and to hold feflion there, by adjournment from,their re* fpedtive quarter feflion, from time to time, for the difeharge of the refpedtive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adh Thofe who XXXIX. And be it further enadled by the authority afore* are prifoners kid* That all debtors, and others, who were in prifon on orbe-for their fees, fore the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred °r ot],crfdc* anc* foty ®ve> or fipce, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and ^aokror of* now rema*n ^ere for not paying their fees, rents, or any other fice/mbe dif- demands, due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any charged. prifon refpedtively, or to any other officer of any fuch prifon, and upon no other account, (hall be difeharged therefronr, hr, (he, or they, taking the oath by this adt required to be taken by prifoners.

Debtors to the ^* Provi^ always, That this act (hall not extend to dif-crownraud * charge any perfon out of prifon, feeking his or her difeharge prifoners who under this adt, with refpedt to any debt with which he or (he owe above (hall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or (hall be indebted soool. toone to any body politick or corporate, or to any one perfon, in any the creditors* (um exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds, befides intereft con Cent, are and cofts, unlefs fuch body politick or corporate, or creditor, excluded the (hall confent thereto ; and if any fuch body politick or corpo-benefit of this rate^ creditor or creditors, to whom a fum exceeding onetbou-Creditor op- ^ani^ Pounc^ (hall be owing, (hall oppofe the difeharge of fuch poling priion- prifoner, and (hall infift that fuch prifoner be continued in gaol, er'$ difeharge, that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch body politick or corporate, or crethtor or creditors, oppofing the faid prifoncr’s difeharge as a-week. ^ forefaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper cofts and charges, allow and pay in the whole fuch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not exceeding three (hillings and fix pence per week, in fuch manner as the faid juftices in their general or quarter feflion, or fome adjournment thereof, (hall order; and upon

On nonpay- nonpayment of the fame for the fpace of fix weeks, the laid pri-ment, prifon-	r	foncr.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.] Anno qumto Georgii III. c. 41.-	389

foner, upon application to the faid juftices in their general or *r to be diA quarter feflion held a£ aforefaid, (hall bedifcharged purfuant toch*rSed# the intent and meaning of this a&.

XLI. Provided alfo that every perfon and perfons iotitl- Difcharges to ed, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this aft, (hall obtain be obtained their refpedlive difcharges on or before the firft day of Augujl, bY 1 Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, or (hall be exclud- 17670 ed from all benefit of this adfc.

XLII. And whereas it may happen, that feveral perfons who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this adt, are feifed of an eftate tail, in fome freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments; which entail, with the remainders thereupon expedfcant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either Jby levying a fine or fines, fufiering a common recovery or com-? mon recoveries, or by furrender or furrenders thereof, whereby fuch perfon or perfons faid freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this Perfons feifed adt, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enadted of an eftate by the authority aforefaid. That, in every fuch cafe, fuch per- tail, claiming fon or perfons lo feifed as aforefaid, and who (hall be intitled to, a^are and claim the benefit of this adt, (hall, to all intents and pur- to deliver up

Sofes whatfoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are the fame to ereby declared, to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and her thc creditors, reditaments, in fee; provided the fame (hall be delivered up tp the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had actually levied a fine, fufifer^ ed a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any Jaw, or conftruttion of law, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIII. And whereas many prifoners who may be intitled to, and claim .the benefit of this adt, have been great dealers, or otherwife engaged in large tranfa&ions, whe eby they may bp intitled to fundry and great debts, and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of eftates, fubjedt and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders, or other contingent eftates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trufts or interefts in eftates, both real and perfonal, Afligncesmay which may not be fufficiently defcribed or difcovered in the cxamina* fchedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in, upon tionof pnfon-oath, by the prifoner to be difcharged as aforefaid, or which er, touching may want his aid or alfiftance to .adjuft, make out, recover, or the difcov^y manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore en- ^C11S ettct s* a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedtive aflignees of the eftate and effects of fuch prifoner or prifoners who (hall obtain his, her, or their an(j juftjCct difcharge, in purfuance of this a<5t, or any other perfon or per- may lend for fons duly authorized by them for that purpofe, from time to *nd examine Jime, to apply to anytvyo or more of the juftices of the peace ^conlingly

Digitized by GooQie

Prifoner refuting to ap-

J>car, or toan-wer upon oath, may be committed.

tel. per cent.' allowed on difcovering within it months, any part of the

Srifoner’s e-ate not returned in the fchedule.

Difcharge ob< tained fraudulently , void.

Perfons concealing any eftate or effects of the prifoner, forfeit tool, and double value,

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.41.	[1765.

for the county, riding, divifibh, city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall be then refiding, thereby defiring, that fuch prifoner or prifoners may be further exaixnn-ed as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their e-ftate or effe&s; whereupon fuch juftices (hall fend for, or call before them, fuch prifoner or prifoners by fuch warrant, lutn-mons, ways or means, as they (hall think fit; and upon fuch prifoner’s appearing, (hall examine him, her, or them, as well Upon oath aS otherWife, as to fuch matters and things as fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate or effe&s of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and if any prifoner or prifoners (on payment or tender of payment of luch reafonable charges as fuch juftices (hall judge fufficient) (hall nCgledt or refofe to ct>me and appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be made known to fuch juftices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, fhall refufe to be fwbrn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effefls lb vefted, or intended to be vefted, in fuch cletk of the peace, or in fuch af-fignees, as afotefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to ap-

Erehend fuch prifoner or prifoners fo offending as aforefaid, and im, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall fubmit him, her. Or themfelvcs, to fuch juftices, and anfwer upon oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall by fuch juftices be put to him, her, or them, for the purpofes a-forefaid.

XLIV\ And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every fuch perfon and perfons who (hall, within twelve months after the difcharge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, voluntarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch debtor or debtors real Or perfonal eftate as (hall not be comprized in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pouhds per centum, out of the heat produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate, which will be recovered on (uch difeovery, and which (hall be paid fuch perfon or perfons fo difcovering the fame, by the affignee or af-iignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate and efffcdts.

XLV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That notwith-. (landing the difcharge or any prifoner or prifoners by virtue of this a<ft, if it (hall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch prifoner was not true; then, and in every fuCh cafe, every fuch difcharge (hall be void and of none effeeft.

XLVI. And, for che better difeovery of the eftsle and effetfs of any prifoner who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this a£t, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid,"That any perfon or perfons who (hall have accepted of any truft or trufts, and (hall wilfully conceal or protect any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch prifoner from his creditors, and (hall not, within thirty days

after

Digitized by v^ooQle

1.765.I AnnqqufotoGEORGii HI* 0,41.	391

after any aflignee or aflignees (hall, in purfuance of this aft* be with treble chofe oi any fuch prifoner’s eftate, difcover and difclofe to fuch aflignee or aflignees fuch truft and eftate in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch aflignee or aflignees, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alio double the value of the eftate, eitheF real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe of thecreditorsof any fuch prifoner; to be recovered by aftionof debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJhr, in the name or names of the aflignee or aflignees of fuch prifoner’* eftate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

XLVII. And be it further enaftedby the authority aforefaid, Aflignees That it (hall be lawful at all times hereafter, for any aflignee or with confent aflignees of the eftate or effefts of any prifoner or prifoners, who v-aluc (hall be chofe in purfuance of this aft, by and with the confent ^thTcredi-of the major part in value of fuch prifoner or prifoners creditors, tors, may who (hall be prefent at a meeting to be had on twenty one days compound for publick notice being previoufly given for the purpofe hereafter d*kts due to mentioned in the London Gazette, if the prifoner was in cuftody oner g in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, 1 then alfo in fome news paper which (hall be publiftied in the county, city, or place, in or near which any fiich perfon (hall have been in gaol, to make compofition with any perfon or per-fons, debtors or accountants to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame (hall appear aeceflary or reafonable; and to take fuch reafonable part of any fuch debt as can, upon fuch compofition, be gotten, in full difebarge of fuch debts and accounts; and alfo to fubmit any difference or diipute between fuch aflignee or aflignees, and any perfon or perfons, for or on account, or by reafon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to fiich prifoner or prifoners eftate or effefts, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from fuch prifoner or pri-(oners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be ^e^datiii chafen by the faid aflignee or aflignees, and the major part in thereto to * value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they arbitration $ (hall have no difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them; or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference and difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid aflignee or aflignees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, (hall think fit, and can agrfce, and the or otherwife fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of fuch prifoner or pri- may fe«lc an<* Toners; and every fuch aflignee or aflignees is and are hereby in- afthU demnified for what they (hall fairly do in the premifles in purfo- think lit. ance of this aft.

XLVIII. And, to the intent and purpofe that the eftate and ef- A<R fefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners as (had! be difeharged by virtue ^^thione? of this aft, may be truly and faithfully applied for the benefit of againft, for his, her, or their real creditors, be it enafted by the authority inefficiency, aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpec- fraud, mii-tive courts at Wejiminjler, and the courts of great feflion in Wdlesy and the principality of Chefier, and the counties palatine behaviour; ~

CC4	of

£

Digitized by t^ooQle

the court thereupon is to furnmon the parties, and raakefuch

think fit.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.	[176$.

of Lancajler and Durham, refpedively, from whence any pro-cefs iffued upon which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were committed, or where the procefs iffued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of Kings Bench, Common PUezs9 and Exchequer, or of great fcffions aforefaid, within their re-fpedive jurifdidions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any fuch prifoner, or the creditor or creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mifmanagetnent, or other mifbehaviour of any affignee or affignees of the eftate or effeds of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, to fummon all parries concerned, and upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch affignee or affignees, and the appointing any new affignee or affignees in the place or (lead of fuch ordeTs^hcrein a^gnee or affignees fo to be removed or difplaced, or for the a* they ftiall prudent, juft, or equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effects of any fuch prifoner for the benefit of the re-fpedive creditors, as the faid courts or judges rtfpedively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any affignee or affignees, and the appointing of any new affignee or affignees, the eftate or effects of fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the affignee or affignees fo removed or difplaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, fuch new aflignee or affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes,as the fame were before verted in the affignee or affignees firft chofe as aforefaid; any thing in diis ad contained‘to the contrary notwithflanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given between any prifoner or prifoners who (hall be difeharged in pur-fuanceof this ad, and any other perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate, be ore the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the eftate and effeds of fuch prifoner or prifoners, upon oath, as aforefaid, the refpedive affignee and affignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their parts, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned ; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be verted in fuch clerk of the peace, or fuch affignee or aftignees under fuch clerk of the peace, as the eftate or effeds of fuch prifoner or prifoners, than what (hall appear to be juftiy due to him, her, or them refpedively, Thofe whoare as and for the balance of fuch account when truly dated, prifoners up- L.’ And whereas great numbers of poor people have been, are now’ imprifoned for debt upon proceffes iffuing out of courts of confcience; it is hereby enaded and declared, That all fuch prifoners (hall be intitled to have the benefit of this ad, and be difeharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, conform to the diredions herein before preferibed, touching other prifoners who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this ad.

LI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the fo-

lemn

Where mutual credit lias been given, the balance to be dated and allowed.

confcience to have the benefit ot this act.

Quakers affirmation to

Digitized by LjOOQle

,7®5-l	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C. 42.	393.

lema affirmation of any perfon being a Quaker y (hall and may be taken in be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfon making licu °f ** fuch affirmation, who fliall be convicted of wilful and falfe a£ 031 * firming, lhall incur and fufFer fuch and the fame penalties as are inflifted and impofed by this aft upon perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by theautho- Perfons who rity aforefaid, That no perfon who took the benefit of an aft took the be-paffed in the firft year of the reign of his prefent majefty King “a of j Geo. Georgs the Third, intituled. An aft for relief of infolvent debtors, 3. excluded/ fhall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this aft, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be difcharged under the fame; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwit;hftanding.

LIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted. That nothing in This aft not this aft contained fhall extend to that part of Great Britain, call- to extend to -ed Scotland.	Scotland.

CAP. XL,II,

An aft for redeeming one fourth part of the joint flock of annuities eftabltfhed by an aCl made in the third year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, in refpeCl of feveral navy,

' victuallings and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made in the third year of preamble, re-yotir Majefifs reign, intituled, An aft for granting annui- citing claofes tics to fatisfy certain navy, viftualling, and tranfport bills, and in aft 3 Geo. ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of fuch 3* annuities on the finking fund; and making good the fame to the faid fund, in manner therein mentioned ; it was provided and directed) That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who Jhould, within the time therein limitudy deliver in certain navyy victualling) and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures) to be cancelled in manner thereby directed, Jhould) for the principal fum or fums contained then iny and alj'o for the inter eft marked upon fuch of the faid bills as bore an inter eft, be refpeClively intitled t0) and have an annuity after the rate of jour pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and to be payable halfyear -lyy at the bank of England, to fuch perfon or perfonsy bodies politick cr corporate, or fuch as hey fie, or they) Jhould appoint his, her, or their executors) adminijirators, fuccejforS) or ajfigns, until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner therein mentioned: and that all fuch monies Jhould be deemed to be one capital or joint flock, on which the faid annuities Jhould be attending: and whereas the Jeve-ral principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelledr, together with fuch intereft as aforefaid, which were converted into a capital or joint flock in purfuance of the faid aC!y amount to the fum of three millions four hundred eighty three thoufand Jive hundred fifty three pounds, one Jloilling, and ten pence; and whereas your Majefty’s moft

dutiful

Digitized by v^ooQle

394

Notices given of the intention of parliament to redeem one fourth part of the joint dock of annuities eftablifhed by the recited aft* deemed good and fuf-ficient.

and 870,8881. 5».sd.*q. out of the fupplies granted for the fervice of the current year,

to be paid, for that purpofe, intothebank:

and to be if-fued accordingly at the exchequer, upon an order from the treasury,

out of the monies of the linking fund:

Anno qtrinto Geokgii III. c. 42.	[1765.

dutiful and loyal fubie&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have refolved, that one fourth part of the faid capital (lock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand Seven hundred and fixty five ; and feveral publick notices have been given of the faid refoluti.au by the Speaker of the houfe of commons, purfuant to the order of that houfe; and therefore your faithful commons do moil humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and conditions, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch notices as aforefaid (hall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fufficient notice or notices, within the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, for the redemption of one fourth part of the faid capital or ioint flock, and of thq annuities attending on fuch part; and the fame (hall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly..

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and Sixty five, there fhall and may be blued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England^ the fum of eight hundred and Seventy thoufand eight hundred eighty eight pounds, five [hillings, and five pence half-penny, out of all or any the aids or fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament (except any particular aid or Supply which hath been or fhall be, in the fame feffion, Specially and intirely appropriated to any one particular ufeor purpofe) which fum (hall be applied, by the faid governor and company in payment of the like fum of eight hundred and feventy thoufand eight hundred eighty eight pounds, five (hillings, and five pence half-penny, for the redemption and full fatisfa&ion of one fourth part or the faid capital or joint (lock.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, there (hall and may, by order of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be iffued and paid at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer to the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of impreft and upon account, out of the furpluffes, ex-ccfles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (upon which the faid annuities were charged by the faid adfc made in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign) fuch fum of money as (hall be neceflary for the difeharge of the annuities attending fuch one fourth part of the faid joint (lock, from the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, to the twenty fifth day of December following, inclu-five; which fum (hall be applied, by the faid governor and company, in difeharge of fuch annuities accordingly, at the fame time that the refpedive principal monies, composing fuch

one

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 43;	395

one fourth part, (hall be paid and fatisfied; and that all fuch and to be ap. annuities, in refpeft of fuch one fourth part, (hall ceafe and be P,iejJ ty ** extinguifhed from the twenty fifth day of	, one thou- c^" ’'of the

And (even hundred and fixty five.	faid annuities.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Th# fumj -That the fums of money which (hall be ifTued and applied, by jfl-ued t^be° virtue of this aft, out ot the faid furpluffes, excefies, or overplus replaced out monies, for payment of'the faid annuities, (hall be made good of the next and replaced by and out of the fupplics to be granted in the Applies, next Feflion of parliament.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho- The faid an_ rity aforefaid. That if all or any part of the principal monies, nuities to be* compofing fuch part of the faid capital or joint (toclc hereby in- paid up in full tended to be redeemed, (hall be paid and fatisfied at the bank to *5 Dec. of England, before the twenty fifth day of Deember one thou-

fand (even hundred and fixty five, the faid governor and company (hall, notwithftanding the fame, pay, and they are hereby Empowered to pay, in refpedt of the principal monies fo difcharg-ed, the full fums which the annuities attending the fame would have amounted to, on the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; any thing herein or in any other aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority P*nk not “L

aforefaid. That the fk id governor and company, or any member ^Hityby rea-thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or foit of this their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.	aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing there- General iffiie. in contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iifue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and

their defence; and if a verdift (hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given a- T«ble coftt. gainft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then Fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them a-warded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIII.

An	aft for the	better	fecuring,and further , of

the revenues of cujloms, excife, inland and fait duties ■, afld for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Ifle of Man j and for allowing the importation of goods the produce and	manufacture of the faid tflandt under certain re-

JlriCIions and regulations.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

YOUR Majejly having been mojl gra , at the open- p .. ing of this fejfton of parliament, to recommend from the throne ”eam e’

to

Digitized by L^ooQLe

Aft 14 Car,»

Unentered goods found concealed in any package, or merchandize fent to the King’s ftorehoufes,

Anno quinto Geokgii III; c. 4.3:	[176$*

to your faithful commons the continuance of that attention which hath hitherto been Jhewn to the improvement of the pubhek revenue, we have thought it our duty to apply ourfelves with the utmojl zeal and affiduity to carry into execution every proper meafure for the attainment of that end 5 and though we have already prepared feveral bills for that purpofe, which have received your royal approbation, we are defirous to eftablijbfillfurther regulations, which, by a more exact and equal collection of the publick revenue, and without laying any new burthens on your people, may tend to the accomplijbment of fo great and falutary a defign: and whereas by an a£l pajfed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefey King Charles the Second (intituled,

*	An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in his Ma-

*	jetty's cuftoms) it is, amongfl other things, enabled. That the perfon or per fens which were or Jhould be appointed for managing the cuftoms, and officers of his Majefey*/ cuftoms, and their deputies, Jfhould be thereby authorized and enabled to go and enter aboard any Jhip or vef-fel, as well Jhips of war as merchant /hips, from thence to bring on Jhore all goods prohibited or uncufemed, except jewels, if they be outwards bound; and if they be Jhips or veffels inwards bound, from thence to bring on Jhore into his Majeftfs ftorcboufe, all fmall parcels of fine goods, or other goods, which Jhould be found in cabins, cbefts, trunks, or other fmall package, or in any private or fecret place in or out of the hold of the Jhip or vejfel, vjhich might occafion a juft fufpi-cion that they were intended fraudulently to be conveyed away; and all other forts of goods whatsoever, for which the duties of tonnage and poundage were not paid or compounded for within twenty days after the fir/I entry of the Jhip, to be put and remain in the Jlorehoufe aforefaid, until his Majefey s duties thereupon be paid; unlefs the faid perfon or perfens which were or Jhould be appointed by his Majefey for managing the cuftoms, and officers of the cuftoms, Jhould fee juft (aufe to allow a longer time, as in and by the faid recited alt more at large appears: and whereas in the cbefts, trunks, bales, cajks, and other package, which contained goods j 'o fent and carried to his Majefey*s Jlorehoufe by the officer* of the cuftoms in purfuance of the faid alt, and likewi/e in packages which are brought on Jhore by virtue of a fpecial fufferance or order from the comini fit oners or principal officers of the cuftoms, to be examined before entry and payment of duties, at the re-queft and application of the owners thereof; and alfe in and amongfl fuch goods themfelves, there are often found concealed and enclofed lace and other fine goods and merchandizes, which lie in little compafs, and of which no entries are often intended to be made, or duties paid for, by the owners or proprietors thereof, or their agents, unlefs and until the fame are difeovered by the officers of his Majefey*s cuftoms; by which fraudulent concealments the revenue thereof is greatly defrauded: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty five, all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatfoever, which (hall be found ep-

en-

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto Georg tl III. C. 43;	397

clofed and concealed as aforefaid, in any cheft, trOnk,‘bate, calk, or other package, or in or amongft any of the goods, wares, or merchandizes contained therein, at any time after the fame (hall have been carried or fent to his Majefty’s ftorehoufe by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in purfuance pac'kaj^or of the faid a ft, and which (hall not have been, within thefpace goods of twenty days after the firft entry of the (hip in which they brought on were imported, duly entered, and his Majefty’s cuftoms, and n?olTbJrP€* other duties, for them, paid or fecured; or which (hall he anCeUor or-found concealed as aforefaid in any cheft. trunk, bale, calk, or der, and not other package, or inclofedin or amongft any of the goods there- Specified in contained, which (hall be brought on (hore by fpecial fuffer- therein,

. ance, or order from the commifsioners or principal officers of the cuftoms, at the requeft and application of the proprietor, or .

Ills agent, and lhall not be particularly fpecified and deferibed ^ in fuch application, the fame lhall, in every fuch cafe, be for- forfeiture, feited and lo/i, and lhall and may be feizea and profecuted by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms; one moiety of which forfeitures lhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccellbrs, and the other moiety (hall be to the ufe of fuch perfon and perfons as (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame, after deducting the charges of condemnation and fale from the grofs produce thereof; and fuch feizures and forfeitures lhall and may be profecuted, tried, and determined, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfler, or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh refpedlively $ wherein noefloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhall be allowed.

II. And whereas it does frequently happen, that goods and merchandizes imported, paying duty ad valorem, do, upon view and examination by the proper officers of the cuftcms, appear not to have been valued, by the oath or affirmation of the importer, according,to the true value and price thereof; and not-witliftanding demand is made in writing by the cuftomer or col-ledlor and comptroller of the port where fuch goods are entered, for delivery of the fame into his Majefty’s warehoufe at the port of importation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, agreeable to the directions of an a<5lof parliament made in the eleve ,th year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for rating fuch unrated goods and merchandizes as are ^11 ^co* ufually imported into this kingdom, and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer ; and for a feet taint ng the value of all goods and merchandizes not inferted in the former or prefent book of rates; and f:r repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duties upon apples; and for afeertaining the method of ad-mcafuring pictures imported) yet the importers or proprietors of fuch goods or merchandizes do fometimes negledl or refufe to deliver the fame, or tocaufe the fame to be delivered, into his Majefty’s warehoufe; by which means the faid recited a<ft is rendered ineffectual to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended; the officers of the cuftoms not being thereby impowered to carry fuch goods or merchandizes to his Majefty’s warehoufe, although

Digitized by

Where any goods or merchandize paying duty ad valorem, appear to be under rated

Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 43:	[1765.

0ough the importers or proprietors thereof (hall neglect or ferule lo to do; now, to remedy this inconvenience for the future, and for an encouragement to the officers of the cuftoms to be diligent in the execution of their duty, be it ena&ed. That from and after the firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, upon the importation of any goods or merchandises, paying duty ad vakrem, where, upon view and examination thereof by the proper officers of the cuftoms, it (hall appear to uimw wcu t^em foat g°od5 and merchandizes are not valued, by the by*the*impor-oat^ or affirmation of the importer or proprietor, according to the ter or proprie- true price or value thereof, according to the true intent and mean-'or i	ing of the faid recited ail, or any other a & or a &$ of parliament,

ml °wr[ it mall and may be lawful for the faid officers of the cuftoms to them to the and detain fuch goods and merchandizes, and to caufe the King's ware- fame to he carried and conveyed into his Msjefty’s warehouse, houfes, for the at the port of importation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown; ufe of the	an(j the collector of the cuftoms for fiich port, with the privity

ard^the col- fo* comptroller, (hall, out of any money in his hands, arifing Je&or of the by cuftoms, or other duties belonging to the crown, pay to the port is there- importer or proprietor of fuch goods and merchandizes, upon upon to pay demand^ the value of fuch goods and merchandizes fo fwom to value* affirmed, together with an addition of ten pounds pet centum fwom to, with thereon; and alfo the cuftoms and other duties which (hall the addition have been paid for fuch goods and merchandizes, taking a receipt for thp lame from fuch importer or proprietor, in full fa-tista&ion for the faid goods and merchandizes, as if they had been regularly fold; and it (hall and may he lawful to and for the com-miffioners of the cuftoms for the time bring (whether the value of the goods fwom to, or affirmed-, together with the ten pounds per centum thereon, and the duties which (hall have been paid for fuch goods, be demanded or not, or whether the receipt herein the goods to ^iredtedto ** taken be given or not) to caufe the faid goods to be afterwards ** feMy and publickly fold, as footr as may be, for the heft ad-fold publickly, vantage5 and out of the produce thereof, the money, herein and the money before directed to be paid or advanced for fuch goods, (ball be reVlacedd*t0bC Pa^ *° coUedtor, to be by him replaced to fuch funds from p 5 whence be borrowed the fame, provided the feme (hall have been by him fo paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the fame (hall remain in the hands of the faid collector, until the importer or proprietor (hall demand the feme, and give a receipt (which is herein before dire&ed to be taken for the feme;) and after deducting from the overplus (if any) the charges arifotg moiety* of"the by the warehoufing and fek of fuch goods and merchandizes, furplus to go the faid commiffiooers of the cuftoms foal) and may order the feveral and refpedtive officers of the cuftoms, concerned in the view and examination of fuch goods and merchandizes, to be paid, as an encouragement for the faithful difeharge of their . h . duty thereon, one moiety of the remainder of fuch overplus (if an t e o er m ^ other moiety thereof foall be paid into his Mfye-fty’s exchequer towards the finking fund; any thing in the herein

of 10I. per, cent, and the duties paid;

-and after all charges deducted, one

to the officers concerned,

moiety to the finking fund.

Digitized by L^ooQle

399

i7^5*ll Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. in before recited aft contained, or any other law, cuftom, or tifage, to the contrary notwithftandmg.

III. And whereas by an aft pafled m the twelfth year, of the . reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An aft fir the improvement of his Majeflfs revenues of cuftoms, excife>JZ * ** tffi/ iWW j the commiffioners of his Majesty's cuftoms are empowered to caufe fuch wines as any merchant, or other perfon, (hall refufe to pay or fecure the duties for, as beinjg damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, to be publickly fold, m order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, taking fufficient fecurity to his Majeft/s ufe, that fadi wines be not made ufe of for any other purpofc whatsoever: and whereas it hath been found by experience, that the fecurity by that aft directed hath not been fufficient to anfwer the intent thereof, urilefs fome' proper ingredient, fuch as fait or vinegar, has been put into fuch wine before k has been delivered out of his Majefty's warehoufe; and a doubt having lately arifcn, whether the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms are legally authorized to put any fait or vinegar into fuch wine wkhout the confent of the proprietor or purchaser thereof: to obviate which doubt for the future, arid more effeftually to prevent fuch wines from bcihg fraudulently ufed in this kingdom ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, before the delivery of vme-any refufed wines, which (hall be fold in purfuanceof the direc- gar to be put tion of the faid recited aft, it fhaH and maybe lawful for the mtoallda-commiffioners, or other principal officers ot -his Majefty's cu- magedrefuled ftoms, to caufe fo much fak or vinegar to be put therein, as they prince of1 fhall judge fufficient and proper to prevent the faid winesfrom thereckedad, being made ufe of for any other purpofe whatfoever, than being beforeddiwojr diftilled into brandy, or made into vinegar, befides taking the t!jcr^ fecurity in the manner direded by the faid recited aft.	^ehc^el.

Iy. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, in-tituled, An aft for the improvement of his Mojejlfs revenues of cu- 11 eo*1# jftoms, excife, and inland duties, it is enafted. That all tobacco (talks, or ftems ftript from the leaf, (hall be prohibited to be imported; and, on feizure and condemnation therqpf, the commiffioners of his Majefty's cuftoms (hall and may caufe the fame to be publickly burnt, and (hall and may allow the officer, for his encouragement m making the feizure, one penny for e-very pound weight of fuch (talks or ftems, fo feized and condemned, dear of all charges of condemnation: and foraftnuch as no forfeitures are inflifted by the faid recited aft of the veffels or boats, or the horfes and other cattle or carriages made ufe of in the landing or removing of the aforefaid goods, nor any penalties upon the perfons who are concerned or affifting in the unftiipping thereof, or to whofe hands they (hall come after the unftiipping thereof, by reafon whereof the aforefaid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George<he Firft, has hkherto proved infufficient for preventing the im-

por-



Digitized by LjOOQle

4°P

Tobacco italics or

Anna qumto GSoroii l\h a43.	f 1763^

portttion of the faid goods, to the great detriment pf the. reve* nue and fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by thp authority aforefaid. That if any tobacco (talks or fteros itript from the leaf, (hall at any time after the firft day of Jt'nt, onp from Sic'leaf t^ou^n^ ^vcn hundred and fixty five, be imported into any ans'not only * part of Great Britain, then not only the faid goods (hah bp for? liable to for- feited and loft, and on feizure and condemnation thereof be feiture on im- publickly burnt, and the officer allowed one penny per pound portation, &c.	for	bjs	encouragement	in	making	the	feizure, a^ree^ble

in p uance ^ t^e form an(j effedt of the before recited adf of parliament pafied in the twelfth year of the reign of l>is faid late mijefty King Geerge the Firft; but alfo all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be aflifting or otherwife concerned in the unfhipping in unlhipping the faid goods, or to whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly come the fame, or afler the unfhipping thereof, (hall forfeit treble the value there-Hands^theC 0together with the veffels and boats made ufe of in the land-fame (hall af- mg, removing, carriage, or conveyance of the faid goods, and terwards	alfo, the bags, cafks, or other veffels or things in which the fai4

knowingly	goods ate packed or contained, and the horfes, cattle, carts, and

treble the ^ other carriages made ufe of in the loading, carrying, landing, value; and or removing, the faid goods; one moiety of all which forfeitures and penalties (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, as (hall feize, inform, or fue for thp

_______ fame, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of

in, are forfeit- his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminjler, or in the court of

of the recited a6t;

but the per-ions aflifting

the velTels, boats, carriages, and cattle, employed there

ed alfo. exchequer at Edinburgh refpedtively, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law, (hajl be allowed.

Capias to iflue V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, upon infor- That a Capias in the firft procefs (hall and may iffue upon any matron a»	bill, plaint, or information, commenced, filed, or profecuted,

gamft the	agajnft any perfon or perfons, for, upon, or bv reafon of any

p	the offences before-mentioned, which Capias (nail fpecifythe

and bail to be fum Qf tfoe penalty fued for; and fuch offender or offenders upon for an-	°bfiged	to	g|VC	Efficient	bail	or	fecurity	by natural born

pSrance; fubjedts, or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch Capias (hall be directed, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias iffue, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to an-and at the re- fwer fuch fuit or profecution ; and (hall likewife at the time of tb™ of the fuch appearing, give fufficient bail or fecuriry by fuch perfons tobe eiveTtoas a^orefa*^> m the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfei-pay the penal-tures and penalties incurred for fuch offence and offences, in ties in cafe of cafe he, (he, or they, (hall be convidted thereof, or to yield his, convi&ion. her, or their, body or bodies to prifon.

Veffels, cattle, VI, Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by the ?aJTi^8cs» authority aforefaid. That all veffels and boats, and all horfes th^adf or an^ cattle, and carriages whatfoever, which from and after by *4 Geo. a. the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty for frauds re- five, (hall be feized as forfeited by virtue of this adt; or for relating to the moving any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuffs, contrary to an movinj/of to- ^ paned in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late ma-bacco,	jefty

40i

1765] Anno guirito Geo&gIi TIL c. 43.’

jefty King Ggorge the Second (intituled. An afl for the more ef~ fefiual fecuring the duties upon tobacco) (hall and may be profecut-ed, adjudged, tried, and determined, by and before two or more of bis Majefty’s juftices of the ptace, redding near to the place	. -

where fuch feizure fhall be made, in Rich manner and form,	g'

and by fuch rules, a9 are direded and prefcribed in an ad pa (Ted prefcribed its in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George ad 8 Geo. 1. the Firft (intituled. An aft to prevent the clandeftint running tjf^^ goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent Jhips break- therein "men* ing their quarentine; and to fubjefl copper ore of the production of the tioned. British plantations, to fuch regulations as other enumerated commodi-ties of the like production are fubjeCi) with refped to vefiels, horfes and carriages, which are forfeited by that ad of parliament, for the removing, carriage or conveyance of the goods therein mentioned.

VII.	And whereas there are feveral fpecies of linen now ma* nufadured in Rujjia imported into this kingdom, whidi are not rated either in the book of rates referred to by the ad of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the additional book of rates referred to by the ad of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, or by any other ad or ads of parliament, the duties upon which goods are now payable according to the value fworn to or affirmed, by the importers, which, by experience, has been found to be very unequal, from the various values fixed by the importers on the fame fpecies of goods, feme perfons greatly undervaluing the fame, to the detriment of the revenue, and the difcouragement of the fair traders: now for remedy thereof, and to put the trade upon a more equal foot, Tfie duties . be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after now pa£^c the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, Rnu^"ari^cng the duties now payable upon the importation of unrated linen imported, to cloth, of the manufadure of Ruffia, (hall ceafe, determine, and ceafe j be no longer paid or payable; and that all the. provifions and daufes contained in any former ad or ads of parliament, fo for as the fame relate to the afeertaining the value of fuch unrated linens, according to the oaths or affirmations of the importers,

(hall be, and are hereby repealed and made void.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	*ke°ld

That in lieu of the faid duties repealed by this ad, from and af- Ranted by ad ter the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtv ?» Car. a. to five, all linen cloth or diaper of Ruffia, not otherwife rated, be paid in lieu which (hall be imported into any port or place within Great thereof, Britain, (hall, upon the importation thereof, be rated to pay the old fubfidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles rhe Second, ac- tber^where-cording to the feveral rates and values hereafter mentioned; that aftermemion* is to fay,	ed.

All linen cloth and diaper of Ruflia, not otherwife rated, ex- The rates, ceeding thirty one inches and one half of aa inch in breadth,

Vol. XXVI.	D	d	and

Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 43;	[1765.

and not exceeding forty five inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty Englijb ells, fix pounds.

And all linen cloth and diaper of Rujfa, not otherwife rated, exceeding forty five inches in breadrh, for every one hundred and twenty Englifo ells, ten pounds; and in that porportion For any greater or lefs quantity of any of the faid goods.

feveral a&s granting or continuing

the fame.

Where any of IX. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. That the faid goods in all cafes where any of the faid gOods are by law fubjeft or Wa-

any additional t0 t*ie Payment l^c farther fubfidy, the one third fubfidy, fubfidy or° additional impoft on any other fubfidy or duty whatfoe*er, ac-duty,	cording	to the refpeftive value fet thereon for the old fubfidy, or

in proportion thereto, the fame (hall, from and after the faid firft the fame is to day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixry five, be paid be paid ac- proportionally according to the particular rates and values herein cording to the before fet thereon for the old fubfidy aforefaid, and not accord-a ovt rates. jngt0 the oatj1 or affirmation of the importer, or any other rate or value whatfoever; any thing in the refpeftive afts which granted the* faid duties, or any other aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

Thefe duties X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforeftid, to be levied, That the feveral fubfidies, impofitions and duties, upon the faid 0?^, as men^evera^ forts of goods, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, tioned in the and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as are mentioned and exprefled in the feveral afts of parliament, which granted, or continued, and appropriated, the fame refpeftively; and all powers, penalties, provifions, articles, and claufes therein contained, (except in fuch cafes where any alteration is made by this aft) (hall continue in full force and efFeft, during the continuance of the faid refpeftive fubfidies, impofitions, and other du* ties ; and (hall he applied, praftifed and executed, for the railing, levying, collefting, anfwering, paying and appropriating |he faid refpeftive fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aft, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufrs, matters and things, had been repeated and enafted in the body of this prefent aft ; any law, or other ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And whereas it may contribute to prevent any illicit trade being carried on by the inhabitants of the Ifle of Man, to the prejudice of the trade and revenues of his Majefty’s dominions, if the faid inhabitants*are encouraged in the honeft and lawful occupation of cultivating and improving the lands of the faid ifiand, and of manufacturing the produce.thereof, by allowing them to import the fame into Great Britain, without payment of dunes, under certain limitations and reftriftions; for which pur-pofe be it enafted bv the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firfl: day of 7«/y, one thourand (even hundred and and	fixty	five, the inhabitants of the faid Ife of Man, (hall and may

im-

6

Belhals, and other goods, the growth

Digitized by

Google

1765 ] ArmQ quinto Geoegii IIL c. 4.3.	403

import direCtly from thence into any lawful port of Great Bri- ture of the tain, beftials, or any goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the mc Qf Man, growth, produce, and manufacture of the faid IJle of Man, ex- except fuch at cept fuch as by any aft of this feffion of parliament are pro- j^e prohibited hibited to be imported into this kingdom;.and alfo (except	°*

woollen manufactures, beer and ale) without paving any cu- 1 * ftoms, fublidies or duties, for or in refpeCt thereof (except fuch (woollen cxcife or other duty as is now, or (hall hereafter for the time goods, beer, being, be due and payable for the like goods, wares and mer- ^epted) chandizes, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great may beim-Britain) provided the mafter, or other perfon having the charge ported from of the (hip or veflel, fo importing the fame, (hall bring with him thence,on pay-a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant gover- Juries*

as

nor, commander in chief, or chief magiftrates for the time being, are payahie on that oath has been made before him or them in the prefence of like goods of the officer of the cuftoms for the port or place where fuch bef- lhc produce tials or goods (hall be put on board, that the fame are the ^elo^Great" growth, produce, or manufacture of the faid IJle of Alan; which £rjra°n . certificate or certificates (hall alfo be atteftcd by the faid officer and under the of the cuftoms, and (hall exprefs the nuhiber and tale of fuch reitritfions beftials, with the marks and weight of the fpecies of goods in each bale or parcel mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with mentioned, the name or names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters from the IJle of Man, and the name or names, place or places of abode, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall have fworn the beftials or goods therein mentioned to be of the growth, produce and manufacture of the faid Ip of Man, and where and to whom configned in Great Britain; and the mafter or perfon taking charge of the (hip or veflel importing the fame, (hall alfo make oath before the collector or principal officer of the cuftoms of the port or place of importation in Great Britain,

That the faid beftials^ bales and parcels, and the goods therein contained, are the fame that were taken on board by virtue of the faid certificate or certificates fo to be produced; on failure whereof, or of any of the requifites herein before mentioned, the beftials, goods, wares or merchandizes, (hall be liable to the fame duties, penalties and forfeitures, as they would have been liable to by law, if this aCt had not been made.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCted But no goods by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aCt contained thr gro?th fnall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give liberty to aqy m3tu^ perfon to import into Great Britain, from the faid Ip of Man, faCtured in the any goods or commodities of the growth or product of any fo- laid ifland reign nation or county, which may be in part or fully manu- may faCtured in the faid ifland, except linen manufactures made ^^0/hemp there of hemp or flax, not being the produce of the faid ifland. and flax. P

XIII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority a- c foreiaid, That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufond abie^ijmn exl" feven hundred and fixty five, the like bounties which are now portation of allowed upon Britijb and lrijb linens exported from Great Bri- Urinih and tain, by virtue Qtf an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the Wfo hneni,

Dd*	re*6n	Geo. »,**

Digitized by

Google

to be allowed on the like fpecies made in the Ifle of Man, and reexported from Ore at Britain.

Clavtfea in a ft 10 Anns,

tndit Geo. i

Anno quinto GtoRGii Jit.

reign of his late tnajefly King George the Second, InrttutecL Jh oft for granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of British and Infli linens exported; and taking off the duties oH the importation of [ 'foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; (hall be allowed and paid up-on the like fpecies of linen made in the Ifle of Afdn, imported into Great Britain, in the manner herein before-mentioned which (hall be re-exported from Great Britain, under the (amp limitations, reftriftions, penalties and forfeitures, in all refpeft^ as are expreffed and mentioned in the faid recited aft of parliament, with refpeft to the bounties thereby granted, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the feveral claufes, powers and directions relating thereto, were again repeated and enafted in this prefent aft.

XIV.	And wheneas by a claufe in an aft of parlidment faffed in the tenth year of the reign of her majejly Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for laying feveral duties upon all foap and paper made m Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and (Iriped linens imported; and upon certain filk$, callicoes, linens and (luffs, printed, painted or (lained $ and upon feveral kinds of llampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets and advertifements, for railing the fum of eighteen hundred thoufand pounds by way of a lottery towards her Majefty’s fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain > (locks of cards and dice ; and for better fecuring her Majcfty’s duties to arife in the office for the (lamp duties by licences tor marriages and otherwife; arid for relief of perfons who bate not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for tne ufe of the publick; reciting, that it might frequently happen tint Jlale or rotten foap% and alfo the cuttings of good foap (for which the duties by the faid aft fhould firjl have been duly paid or charged) might be put again into the copper or pan to be refrefhed or made new ; arid the foap newly made from the fame, or from a mixture of the fame with other ingredients, would be chargeable with a new duty by the faid afty it was therefore thereby provided and enafted, That in cafe fuch Jlale or rotten foap or cuttings, be put into the copper or pan9 in the prefence of an officer for the faid duties, to be re-frejhed or made new as aforefaid; fuch officer Jhould, from time to time, make an allowance of the duty of the dale or rotten foap, or cuttings fo put in, and certify every fuch allowance upon his report to be returned to the head officer; any thing therein contained to tie contrary notwithflanding: and whereas by an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his majejly King George the Fir)7, intitled, * An aft for more effeftuai preventing frauds and abufes in the public revenues; for preventing frauds in the fait duties, and for giving relief for fait ufed in the curing of falmon and cod-fi(h, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the infurance companies to plead the general UTtse in actions

Digitized by Google

1765.} Anpo quiate Georchi JIL c. 43*

tions brought againft them; and for fecuring the damp duties upon policies of infurance; reciting the before mentioned claufe, and that under colour and pretence of making fuch allowances purfuant to the aforefaid claufe, and by combinations and confederacies between fraudulent makers of foap and corrupted officers of and for the faid duties, who by bribes bad been prevailed upon in fuch their reports of the making of foapy fometimes to certify great quantities of ftale or rotten foapy or of cuttings of foap put into fuch makings of foapy when m fall and in truth no fuch Jlale or rotten foapy or cuttings of foap, had really and in fall been put into fuch makings of foap, and at other times when fmall quantities of Jlale or rotten foap, or of cuttings of foapy have been put into fuch makings of foapy fuch officers had been by the means cforefaid prevailed upon to certify in fuch bis and their report and reports, quantities of fuch Jlale or rotten foapy or cuttings offoapy much greater and far exceeding the quantity or quantities which at fuch time and times, really and in fall had beeny and were put into fuch rej'peftive makings of foapy whereby his Majejly had been greatly defrauded of and in his duties on foap: for preventing whereof for the future, it was enaftedy That if any Jlale or rotten foapy or any cuttings of foapy in order to the refreflnng thereof\ Jhould from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fivey be put into any making or makings of foapy unlefs of the intention and defigning fo to be put fuch Jlale Qr rotten foapy or cuttings of foapy there Jhould bey or Jhould ban been given> to the officer of the divtfeon. or place where fuch putting in was intended to bey fuch notice in writing as therein after was mentioned (that is to fay) if fuch putting in was to be within the limits of the weekly bills of mortalityy then, and in fuch tafey by the fpace of twelve hours next before the refpeftive time and times of fuch putting in fuch Jlale or rotten foapy or cuttings of foap \ but if in any other place or places out of the limits of the faid weekly bilhy then and in fuch cafe% by the fpace of twenty four hours next before the refpeHive time and times of fuch putting in fuch Jlale or rotten foapy or cuttings of foapy that in every fuch cafe and cafes whatfaevery where fuch putting in Jhould bey or Jhould have been without fucb noticey the officer Jhould not certify fuch putting in, or any allowance for or in refpeft thereof’, nor Jhould the maker or makers oj foapy in any fuch cafe or cafesy havey or be in titled to h.vty any allowance or allowances whatfoever9 for or in refpeft of fuch putting in fugh Jlale or rotten foapy or of fuch cuttings of foap: and it was further enaftedy That if from and after the faid twenty fourth aay of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fivey any officer or officers of excife, or for the faid duties on foapy Jhould faUly pretendy that be or they hath or have , had due notice in writing ojfuch putting in of fuch Jlale or fatten foapy or of fuch cuttings of foapy in any cafe and cafes where and in which he or they really and in fa ft Jhould not have had fuch due notice in writingy and Jhould make fucb allowance and allowances as afortfatdy and Jhould falfly certify ibe fame \ every fucb officer and officers Jor every pound weight of fucb Jtale or rotten foapy or cuttings of foP* f° fdlfy allowedy or certified as aforefaidy Jhould forfeit and fojf the fum oftenjhillings; and every fucb maker or makers of foapy

D d 3	tob$

4c6	Anno quinto GeoRGII III. 0.43*	[1^65.

who Jbould demand, claim, have or take, any benefit or advantage for or in refpeft of any fiuh allowance Jb falfiy made or certified bj fuch officer or officers, in every fuch cafe and cafes, Jbould forfeit and lofe the fum of ten /hillings for every pound weight of fuch flak or rotten foap, or cuttings of /cap, as Jbould be claimed, demanded, had or taken, by fuch maker or makers of foap, for and in refpefi of fuch allowance fo falfiy made or certified for by fuch officer or officers: and whereas, notwithjlanding the Jeveral before mentioned provifions, great frauds have been carried on by divers makers of hard foap, tender pretence of returning flak or rotten foap, or cuttings of foap, to the great detriment of the revenue, and the fair traders ; be it enad-The feveral by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day wovifion?1^To	onethoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the feveral

far as the* before-recited provifions, fo far only as relates to hard foap, and fame relate to the makers thereof, and no otherwise, (hall be, and the famfc hard foap, are hereby repealed ; and in lieu of the before mentioned allow-el^thereof ^ ancc hereby repealed, all and every the officers of excife, or for are repeated ; duties on f°aPi ffiall, and they are hereby required, in charg-and the mak- ‘n£ t^ie ^uties uPon hafd foap, to allow to the refpe&ive makers ers are to be of hard foap, in their returns or reports of the feveral auantities of hard foap made by fuch refpeftive makers of hard foap, one pound in every ten pounds of hard foap, which fuch officer or officers fhall charge upon the refpeftive makers thereof; which faid allowance of one pound in every ten pounds of hard foap, is hereby declared to be in full compenfation for all wafte, Ioffes, or damages whatfoever.

XV.	And whereas great frauds have been committed by divers makers of hard foap, by removing and fecreting large quantities of foap in theabfence of the officers from the copper, pan, or other utenfil wherein the fame is made, before the fame is put into the frame; for remedy thereof, be it ena<5bed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who, after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, fhall make any hard foap, fhall, at his, her, or their coppers, their own expence, find, provide, and affix fufficient wooden other 3uten covers (to approved of in writing by and under the hands of f,ls.	’	the refpc&ive furveyors or fupervifors of excife of the divifion or

diftrieft in which every fuch refpe&ive maker of hard foap fhall refide) to every copper, pan, or other utenfil wherein he (hall boil or make any hard foap; which faid coppers, pans, or other utenfils, with the covers thereto affixed, and alio the pipe or pipes that conveys or convey the wafte or fait lees from the copper, pan, or other utenfil, fhall, and they are hereby required tp be fecurely locked and fealed down by the officer of excife who furveys fuch trader, as focn as the fire is damped or drawn from under the copper, pan, or other utenfil, whenever any foap, or any thing of a foapy quality, fhall be left therein ; which faid locks and keys to the fame, and all other neceffary faften-ings for fecuring the coppers, pans, or other utenfils, and alio the pipes, fhall be provided by the refpe&ive furveyors or fo-pervifors of excife of the divifion or diftritft in which fuch re-

fpedtivc

allowed i lib. in 10 lib. as a competi -iation in lieu of all wafte, and other Ioffes.

Makers of hard foap to provide proper covers to

which the officer is to lock and leal down, when the tire is Ramped:

Supervifor to provide the locks, keys, pipes, and other faften-ings thereto,

Digitized by L-ooQle

1765-]	Anno quinto Georgii	III. c. 43.	407

fpedtive makers of hard foap (hall refide, at the expence of fuch at theex-refpedhve makers ; and whenever any fuch maker of hard foap	fucl1

(hall bedefirous of lighting a fire under fuch copper, pan, or ^ ma£erg other utenfil fo locked and lealed down, and (hall have given to are to give the officer of excife of the divifion or diftridl twelve hours no- proper notice tice, if fuch maker of hard foap (hall refide within the limits Sunder5 a and jurifdidton of the head office of excife in London; or if fuch fuctl coppers, maker of hard foap (hall refide in any other part of Great Britain, 8cc.	*

twenty four hours notice of fuch his, her, or their intention, and the offi-the officer of excife (hall attend to unlock and open the copper, ccr to,?ttc.nd pan, or other utenfil, and the pipe or pipes fo fecured: and if Make/no/*” any maker or makers of hard foap (hall, after the faid fifth day providing of July<> one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, prefume to fuch covers, make any hard foap before he, (he, or they lhall have found, provided, and affixed fufficient wooden covers, to be approved of as aforefaid, to every copper, pan, or other utenfil wherein he, (he, or they (hall boil or make any hard foap, according to the directions of this aCt; or (hall refufe to pay for the locks or refuting to and keys, and other faftenings to be provided in purfuance of pay for the the direction of this aCt; or if by any aCt, device, or contri- ^CgS,^ften" vance whatfoever, any fuch maker of hard foap (hall open any ©reopening copper, pan, or utenfil, or any pipe or pipes, after the fame any copper (hall have been locked down and fecured as aforefaid, before the before the fame (hall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of ex- ^ar?c. cife, or (hall wilfully break or damage any fuch lock or feal, or UI oc c J c* other fattening, every fuch maker or makers of hard foap, of- for£e*lts aoj fending in any of the faid cafes, (hall, for every fuch offence re- or ei 3 20 • fpeCtively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XVI.	And whereas very great frauds have been committed by feveral makers of hard foap, in lighting their fires under their coppers, pans, or other utenfils, under a pretence of cleanfing their coppers, or for the preparing of materials for the making of foap, without giving any notice thereof to the proper officer

of excife ; for remedy thereof, be it further enadted by the au- _ - .	.

thority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of Julyy ^ natic/ro* one thoufand fevfcn hundred and fixty five, no maker or makers the proper of-of hard foap do prefume, on any pretence, to light a fire un- ficer, ofhis der any copper, pan, or other utenfil ufed in the boiling of foap, {•ntLI,^oni^ or for cleanfing his, her, or their foul goods, or in the preparing whether for** any materials for the making of foap, without firft giving in making foap, writing, to the proper officer of excife within the limits' and or dean6ng jurifdidion of the head office of excife in London, twelve hours bis foul goods, notice at leaft, and to the proper officer or officers in other parts &c* of Great Britain, twenty four hours notice at leaft, of his, her, under penalty or their intention to light fuch fire, on pain to forfeit, for every 2o1* fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds.,

XVII.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a* Maker to pro-forefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thou- vide proper fand feven hundred and fixty five, all and every maker and makers p^t7ine his of hard foap (hall make u(e of regular fquare or oblong frames {-oap in when only, for the cleanfing or putting bis, her, or their foap (whe-taken out of ther perfedt or not perfedt) into, when taken out of the copperthc copperj

D d 4	or

49$	Anno quinto Georgii HI. c.43*	[1/651

or other ytenfil where the fame was boiled or prepared\ and tkaC the bottom, Tides and ends, of every fuch frame, (ball rcdpoft* ively be of the tbipknefs of two inches at the leaftj apd creep fuch frame (hall not exceed forty five inches in length, nor fiU a*d to give ten inches in breadth; of which frames all and every maker sod notice thereof makcraof hard foap is and are hereby required to give notice in cSfice* Infone writing at office for the duties on foap next to the place pfingthefame; where fuch foap (hall be made, before he, (he, or they, do pro* and the frames fame to ufe the (time; all which faid frames (hall be marked and to be marked numbered by, or by the dire&ion of, the refpediive furvcynr* b^be or ^erv^1	who	furvcy	the	rc(pc£iive makers of

vifor, before* hard t0 w^om fach frames belong, at the expence of fuch pfmg,	refpe&ive makers: and that if any maker or makers of hard foap

(hall make ufe of any other fort of frame, or any other kind of vefTel, for the purpofes aforefaid j or if the bottom, or ends, or Tides, of any of the faid frames (hall not be of the thicknefs before mentioned; or if any of the faid frames (hall exceed forty five inches in length, or fifteen inches in the breadth thereof 1 or if any fuch maker or makers of hard foap (hall ufe any fuch frame, without giving fuch notice thereof as aforefaid, or before the fame (hall have been marked and numbered as aforefaid, pn‘penalty of he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch offence rcfpe&ively* tori £	feit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

Hard foap XVIII. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a* once put into forefaid. That no hard foap (whether perfectly made or not} the frames, after the fame (hall have been cleanfed or put into the frame or frames, (haJI, on any pretence whatfoever, be returned or pus again into the copper or other utenfil for boiling or re-working i and if any fuch hard foap (hall be fo returned or put again into without being the copper or other utenfil, the' fame (hall be again charged with duties on foap.

t$cu	XIX.	And	whereas	great frauds have been committed by

private and clandeftine makers of foap and (larch, who, when difeovered, do afiume to themfelves, and are called by other than tbeir true names, and to avoid being profecuted for die fame, do withdraw and abfeond themfelves, that they may not perfonally have notice of any profecution for the fame, or be ferved with any procefs or fumtnons to anfwer the fame : for re** lclaT medy whereof, be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Ju*u% one thoufcnd leven hundred and fixty five, the leaving a fummons at the (dace or places where any fuch difeovery as aforefaid (hall be made* directed, to the perfon or perfons by his, her, or their right or af-makersof roap famed name or names, who (hall be profecuted for making or or (Urch, Ha- having made ufe of any boiling-houfe, working-houfe, ware* ble to profe- houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room or other place, for the making fin* unentered pr kceP,n8 of foap, or for the boiling or keeping any oil, tallow, workfoopa, pot afh, lime, pr other materials proper to be made into foap $ See. and ufoig or for ufing or having made ufe of any copper, kettle, furnace* aflfomed fatr, dftern, trough or other veffel, for the boiling or making condinjr°r *** foaP> without firft giving notice thereof in .writing at the v	office

not to be re turned again into thf cop-per,

without beini

deemed legal and effectual notice and fummont to private and clandeftine

1

Digitized by ^ooQle

1765*] Anno quiato Georgii III. c. 43.	409

office for the fiud duties on foap next to the place where fuch foap (hall be made, according to the diredions of the ftatute in in that cafe made and provided; or making or having made ufe of any work-houfe, ftorc-houfe, room, or other place, for the making and drying, or keeping of ftarch, or for the converting or keeping any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into ftarch; or for ufing or having made ufe of any fatt, trough, box, ftove, utenfil, or other veflel, for the making of ftarcn; without firft giving notice thereof in Writing at the office for the duties on ftarch next to the place where fuch ftarch (hall be made, according to the dirc&ions of the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, (hall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice or fummons, to ail intents and purpofes, as if fuch notice or fumtnons was perfon-fclly given or delivered to or into the hands of the party ox* parties lor whom the fame (hall be defigned 5 and as if fuch notice or fummons was dire&ed to the party or parties to and for whom the fame (hail be defigned, by his, her, or their proper name or names.

XX. And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in cafe any officer or officers for the du- Where offices tics upon foap and candles, or eitner of them, (hall have caufe fafpea to (ufpeft that foap or candles is or are privately making in any ^esare pri-

1)lace or places whatfoever; or that any foap or candles is or are vately mak-odged or concealed in any place or places whatfoever, with an in?, intent to defraud his Majefty of his duty; then, and in every °yiC conceat-iuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before the ^ ^ rct commiffioners for the duties upon foap or candles for the time forth the being refpc&ively, or any one or more of them, or before one ground of hie or more juftice or jtiftices of the peace, redding near the place lufpidon up-where fuch officer or officers (hall fufpeft the fame to be private- on ly making, or to be lodged, or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioner or commiffioners, juftice or juT dices of the peace refoectively, before whom fuch oath (hall be a fpecial war-made, if he or they mail judge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant rant may be under his or their refpe&ive hands and feals, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, by day or by night, (but if in places, * UC the night, then in the prefence of a conftabie, or other lawful v officer of the peace) to enter into all and every fuch place or places, where he or they (hall fo fufpe<5t that any foap or candles or are fo privately making, lodged, or concealed, and to feize and carry away all fuch foap or candles, as he or they (hall and feize fudk there find fo privately making, together with all the materials of ^°thg *ate-what kind foever that (hall be then ready or preparing for the rials, making either of foap or candles 5 and likewife all fuch (bap or and ^ candles as they (hall find fo lodged or concealed in any place orfoap andcan-

Elaces whatfoever, as forfeited, together with all and every the dies as fhall be oxes or other packages wherein fuch foap or candles (hall be f°und con-pootaioed ; and the perfon or perfons that (hall be found <b pri- t**1* 1 v	vately

Digitized by L^ooQle

410	AnnoquintoGEORGii III. c. 4$*‘	[	1765;

and where the vately making either foap or candles, or the perfon orperfom duties Hull jn whofe poffefsion any foap or candles (hall be fo found; rnnlefs, hav^been* ° ^c>	<>r they, do make it appear that the duty bar bcenpaid

paid, the par- f°r the fame, fhall refpeftively forfeit and pay the fum of one ties forfeit hundred pounds.	*

,0°1*	XXI.	And whereas by an aft palled in the ninth year of the

Recital of reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for keying claufes in aft attain duties upon bides and/kins, tanned, tawed, or dreffed, tsndup-9 Annx, on vellHm an^ parchment,for the term of thirty two years,for profit cuting the war, and other her Majejly's mojt necejfary occafions; it was famongft other things) enafted. That if any tanner, tawer, or drefler, of hides or fkins, or any maker of vellum or parchment** chargeable by the faid aft, (hould remove or convey, or caufe or procure to be removed or conveyed* from his, her, or their yard or drying place, any of the faid hides and fkins, or pieces of hides and fkins, or any fuch vellum or parchment, before the faid duties (hall be fully charged by weight or tale, or adva-lorem, as the faid aft in the refpeftive cafes doth require; and before the fame hides or fkins, or pieces of hides and fkins, and fuch vellum and parchment refpeftively, fhould be marked to denote the charging the duty as the faid aft direfts; that then, and in fuch cafe, all and every fuch tanner, tawer, drefler, and maker, fhould, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to the Queen, and theother moiety thereof to him or them that fhould inform or fue for the fame: and moreover, that all thehidesand fkins, and pieces of hides and skins; vellum and parchment, which fhould be fold or removed contrary ■	to the faid aft, fhould be forfeited, and fhould and might be feized

by any of her Majefty’s officers, for her Majefty’s ufe: and where-as by one other aft pafled in the fifth year of the reign of his and 5 Geo. i. *ate majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for continu•

* ing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feroice of the year one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen; and for enlarging the time for entering at the exchequer fuch alignments of reverfionary annuities as are therein mentioned; andfor the better Jecuring the duties on hides and Jkins, vellum and parchment \ it was enafted, for the better ascertaining the faid duties, and for preventing the carrying on of frauds between the officers for the fjid duties, and the traders and dealers in the manufaftures and goods charged with the faid duties; and to the intent that hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, and vellum and parchment, after they have been weighed and taken an account of by the officers for the faid duties, may again be weighed and taken an account of by the fupervifors ana furveyors of the faid duties; That from and after the tenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, all tanners, tawers, and dreflers of hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, vellum and parchment, fhould, from time to time, keep all fuch hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, vellum and parchment, which have not been duly ftatnped by the officers for the faid duties, feparate and apart from all other hides and ikins, and

pieces

Digitized by v^ooQie

1765O Anno quinto Georgii III. c.43.

411

piece? of hides and (kins, vellum and parchment, which have been duly damped by the officers for the Cud duties; and (hould aifo, from time to time, keep all fuch hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, and vellum and parchment, as from time to time (hould have been laft damped by the officers for the faid duties, feparate and apart from all other hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, vellum and parchment, which at any time or times before (hould have been (lamped by the officers for the faid duties, during the refpe&ive times therein after mentioned (that is to fay) within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, by the fpace of twenty four hours next after fuch damping thereof by the faid officers, and in other places out of the limits of the faid weekly bills, by the fpace of two days next after fuch damping thereof, unlefs the fame (hould refpe&ively fooner have been weighed and taken an account of by the re-fpe6tive furveyors or fupervifors for the faid duties, on pain to forfeit, for every offehce therein, the fum of ten pounds: and whereas, for want of an exprefs provifion, that no tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and and (kins, (hall remove or convey, or cau(e to be removed or conveyed, from his, her, or their yard or drying place, any of the faid hides and (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, after the fame have been weighed and damped by the officers for the (aid duties, before the fame have been again weighed and taken an account of by the refpedlive furveyors orfupervifors forthe faid duties, it is notorious, that many fuch tanners, tawers, anddreflers of hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and skins, have, through various pretences, frequently removed and conveyed their hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, from their yards and drying places, and immediately after the fame have been weighed and marked by the officer for the faid duties, whereby the refpedive furveyors and fupervifors for the faid duties have been prevented from re-weighing and taking an account thereof, fo that great frauds have been committed between the faid traders and the inferior officers of cxcife, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid laft recited claufe, and to the great detriment of the revenue and fair trader: now, in order to prevent fuch frauds, and Tanners,^c. abufes agreeable to the intent of the faid laft recited claufe 5 it is not to remove hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid. That no the hides or tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides or (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, chargeable with the refpedlive duties by law payable for i^g places or^ the fame, lhall at any time or times, from and after the fifth ftore-rooms day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty five, remove f°r *4 hours or convey, or caufe, procure, or fuffer, to be removed or con- jjj^ *.hc veyed, from his, her, or their yard or drying place, or from his, thereof^y her, or their entered ftore-rooms, any bides or (kins, or pieces the officer for of hides or (kins, before the expiration of twenty four hours the duties, on next after the (lamping thereof by the officers for the faid duties, PCIja,ty of unlefs the fame (hall looner have been weighed by the refpec- ypjefs *1™ five fupervifors or furveyors for the faid duties; to the end that (hall have7 $he faid refpedlive fupervifors and furveyors may have an oppor- been fooner

Digitized by

by Google

412

and any additional weight which (hall be then found, is to be charged 'frith the duty.

Tanner* to provide proper fcale* and weights in their drying place*.

and to bring the skins to the fcales, and afti ft the fiipervifor in re-weighing the fame, and in examining their depend* ing docks, on penalty of 50I.

Recital of claufes in a& 5 Annie,

Anno quinto GrorGH III. c.43.	[*765?

tunity to re-weigh the fane after the faid officers r and if upon the re-weighing any fuch hides or (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, any additional weight (hall be found, fuch hides or fkins, or pieces of hides or (kins, (hall he liable to, and chargeable with, the refpe&ive rates and duties by law payahle for (uch hides or flrins, according to (uch laft mentioned weight: and if any fitch tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides or (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, (hall remove, or caufe or fuflfer to be removed, any fuch hides or (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, from any of his, her, or their yards or drying places, or entered (lore-rooms, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad$ he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XXII.	And* to the end the faid refpe&ive furveyors and ta pervifor* may not be unneceffarily delayed in the execution of their duty, it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoutimd feven hundred and fixty five, all ana every fuch tanners, tawers, and dreffers of hides and (kins, (ball, at their refpedtive yards or drying places, be obliged to provide and keep, at their own cods and charges, fuffiqient and juft fcales and weights for the re-weighing fuch hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins; and to bring the lame to the fcales, and to affift the faid refpec-tive furveyors and fupervifors in the re-weighing fuch hides and skins, and in examining, from time totime, thedepending ftockof every fuch tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and if any fuch tanner, tawer or drefler of hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, (hall refufe or negled to provide and keep, at their refpedlive yards or drying places, fuffici-ent and juft (bales and weights for the re-weighing fuch hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, or to bring the fame to the tales, or to aflift the faid refpedtive furveyors and fupervifors in the re-weighing fuch hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, or in the examining from time to time, their re-fpedive depending (locks as this adl diredls ; every fuch tanner, tawer, and drefler of hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, fo refuting or negledting, (hall, in each and every fuch cafe, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XXIII.	And whereas by an ad of parliament made and pafled in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anm% intituled. An aft for an union of tbt two kingdoms $/England and Scotland; it is, by the eighteenth article of the faid of union, declared and enabled. That the laws concerning regulation of trade, cuftoms, and fuch excifes to which Scotland is, by Virtue of this treaty, made liable, be the fame in Scotland, from and after the union, as in England; and by the feventh article of the faid ad of union, it is alfo declared and enabled. That all parts of the united kingdom be, for ever, from and after the union, liable to the fame excifes upon all excitable liquors; excepting only that the thirty four gallons Englijh barrel of beer or ale, amounting to twelve gallons Scots prefent meafure, fold in Scotland at nine (hillings and fix pence fterling, excluding all

duties,

Digitized by t^ooQle

Anno quinto GfioRcn III. c. 43.	4lJ

duties, and retailed, including duties, at two pence the Scotch pint, or eighth part of the Scots gallon, be not after the union liable, on account of the prefent excife upon excifeable liquors in England, to any higher impofition than two (hillings fterling upon the aforefaid thirty four gallons Englijb barrel, being twelve

fallons the prefent Scots meafure; yet neverthelefs doubts have een raifed whether the brewers of that particular fpecies of beer or ale mentioned and defcribed in the faid feventh article of the laid treaty of union, and commonly called and known by the name of Two Penny Beer or Alet are within the defection and meaning of an ad of parliament made and pafied in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, inti-tuled. An aft for laying feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of1	’ **

the firjl extraction; and for preventing the frauds and abufes of brewers, diftillers, and other perfons chargeable with the duties of excife \ and by reafon of fuch doubts, great frauds and abufes have been, and are, daily committed and made by the brewers of fuch beer or ale, which is generally called Two Penny Beer or AUy by their refufing to permit or fuffer the gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, to flay and continue in their brew-houfes, ftore-houfes, or other places, in the fame manner as all other trewers are obliged ana accuftomed to permit and fuffer them, to fee fuch guiles or brewings brewed off, clcanfed, and carried out without mixture, and by their fraudulently carrying a great part of their beer or worts away from the fight and view of fuch gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, before the fame have been charged with any duty, and which is evidently difeovered to be the pradice of fuch brewers, from the conftant great difparities which have been, and dill are, from time to time, found by the gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, on their furveys, between the cheque gauges of their beer or worts taken in the coppers, and the real gauges of the fame beer or worts when caft , out of the coppers and thrown into the backs or coolers, and from whence the duty is charged, whereby his Majefty's revenue has been leffened and diminilhed more than one half to what the fame was formerly: now, for removing and putting an end to fuch doubts, and for the more effedual preventing the The recited frauds aforefaid, and other frauds pra&ifed to the detriment of aft of 7 8c t the revenue ; be it declared and enaded by the authority afore- v^-3- 4C*. faid. That it is the true intent and meaning of the faid a d, and ^SSnaihi-articles of union, that the faid ad made and paffed in the feventh tentionand and eight years of the reign of his late majefty King William the meaning, to Third, herein before mentioned, and every ciaufe, matter, and tjSlj0 thing, therein contained (except fuch part thereof as was repeal-ed by an ad palled in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his (aid majefiy King William the Third) doth now, and and to the always did, by virtue of the faid ad, and articles of union, ex- brewers, mn-tend to that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain,, called Scotland, and to all and every the brewers, inn-keepers, and vie- theretnfbUw-tuallers therein, of what kind, quality, or denomination foever ing their own they (hall brew or make their beer or ale 5 and that if hereafter beer or ak>

any

Digitized by (^.ooQle

4*4

Officers accordingly to be admitted into fuch houfe* to gauge the worts.

nndtoconti-

»1.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.43.	[1765,

any common brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whether fuch common brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, (hall brew or make party guiles of ftrong and fmall beer, or party guiles of ftrong two penny beer or ale, and fmall beer, or whether fuch common brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, (hall brew or make intire guile or guiles of one fort of beer or ale only* of what kind or quality the fame (hall be, (hall, upon due requeft or demand made by the gauger or gaugers, or other officer or officers, in the day-time, or, in the night, in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace, refufe to permit fuch gauger or gaugers, or o-ther officer or officers, to enter and come into his houfe, brew-houfe, (torehoufe, or other places belonging to or ufed by fuch . brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, or being lawfully entered, ihev have*done	re^u^c	gauger or gaugers, or ,other officer or officers, to

their duty; ftay and continue in his brewhoufe or place of brewing whilft his guile is brewing, and quietly gauge and take an account of all and every the wort and worts as they are brewed off and let into his backs, tuns, or other veffels, and to fee their ftrong and fmall, or other beer or ale of what kind or quality foever, cleanfed and carried out without mixture, and to gauge and take an accpunt of the goods in the mafti tun, or of the quantity of malt from which fuch wort or worts are drawn or made, on penalty of or during fuch part of fuch brewing or operation as fuch gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, (hall tfyink fitting and convenient to (lay and continue; fuch brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds; and the informer or profecutor (hall not be obliged to prove that fuch brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, did carry or deliver out any part of fuch guile of beer or ale before he paid and cleared the duties for the fame; any thing in the former aCts of excife, or any other aCt or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXIV. And whereas doubts have arifen upon the conftruc-tion of an aCt of parliament made and paffed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for repealing a claufe in a former aft relating to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds andabufes of brewers and others chargeable with the duties of excife, whether fuch common brewers of the beer or ale aforefaia, commonly called or known by * the name of Two Penny Beer or Aley are by the faid aCt obliged to declare to the gauger or gaugers, the quantity and quality of fuch beer or ale fo brewed or made by them, in the fame manner as common brewers of party guiles now do by virtue of the faid aft: now to obviate thofe doubts, be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That it is the true intent and m^rcom^ mcan>ng of the faid aft and articles of union, that the faid a St mon brewers	eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the

within the Third do, by virtue of the faid a Cl and articles, extend to all fame.	and every part of the united kingdom, and to all and every com-

bjrewa-°tode mon brewer within the fame ; and that all and every common

brewer.

Aft S & 9 W. i.

The recited aft of S Sc 9 W. 3. declared in it's original intention and meaning, to extend to

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.]	Anno quinto Georgii III. 0.43,	415

brewer, whether of the beer or ale aforefaid, commonly called dare to the and known by the name of Two Penny, or of what kind or	an(j

quahtyfoever he (hall make his worts, beer, or ale, (hall de-	of	the

dare (on demand made by the gauger or gaugers) the quantity wprts, before and quality of the beer, ale, or worts, made and brewed by the guile is him or them on each refpe<$tive guile or brewing, before any	out

part of fuch guile is cleanfed. or removed out of his tuns, or o- 0 e uns* ther yeffels or utenfils; and in cafe any fuch brewer, or his re- otherwife the (pedttve fervants, brewing or making fuch guile of beer or ale, whole is to (nail refufe to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, fuch gauger b* charged or gaugers (hall charge and return the whole of fuch guile to be duty to ftrong, and fuch brewers (hall pay the duties thereof according- ^ paid ac-ly; and (hall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every barrel of beer or ale cordingly $ contained in fuch guile, the fum of twenty lhillings: and in cafe with *oa.p*r any common brewer, or his refpe&ive fervant or fervants, after barrcl extra* fuch declaration made as aforefaid, ihall make any increafe of^ aftcrcje ftrong beer or ftrong ale, or two penny beer or ale, fo declared citation, any by any ways or means whatfoever; or ihall mix his beer or ale fraudulent in-of one guile or brewing with any beer or ale of any other guile create or mix-or brewing, or \yith fmall beer or returned drirtk, or with wa- ture (hall be ter, or by any other ways or means whatfoever; or in cafe fuch {£*/ m uc gauger or gaugers fhall find any beer, ale, or worts, of the * feme guile laid off, over and above the quantity fo declared as or any of the aforefaid ; fuch brewers (hall forfeit and lofe for every barrel fo guile (hall be increafed or mixed, laid off, or found over and above the quan- °^; tityfo declared as aforefaid, the fum of five pounds; and the^f^rt®^r fervant or fervants of fuch brewer, or other perfon or perfons, barrel/ ^ and every of them, who was or were arfy ways concerned, or aiding, or aflifting, in making any fuch encreafe or mixture after and the per-the faid declaration, or in laying off any fuch beer or ale, or f0Ils worts, of fuch guile, before fuch declaration made as aforefaid,m uc iau, s (hall forfeit and lofe for every barrel fo encreafed, mixed, ortoforfejt laid off, the fum of twenty (hillings; and in default of payment moreover 10s. thereof, (hall fuffer three months imprifonment; unlefs it (hall per barrel: appear, that fuch encreafe or mixture was made by adding to, a mcnt°to" or mixing with the fame,' any beer or ale that was left in his or be committed her brewhoufe of a former guile of his or her brewing; and un • for 3 months, lefs it (hall alfo appear, that fuch encreafe or mixture was added or made in the fight and view of the proper gauger or officer. .

XXV.	And whereas by an a<ft of parliament made and paffed Rec;tai0f in the eighth and ninth years of his majefty Xing JViHiam the claufe in aft Third, intituled. An aft for repealing a clauje in a former aft re- 8 & 9 W. 3. luting to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abufes of brewers and others chargeable with the duties of excife; it is, a-mongft other things, enacted. That if any common brewer (hall, at any time after the tenth day of Aprils which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety feven, without notice firft given at the next office, ereft or fet up any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, or fhall alter or enlarge any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, already erefted or fet up, or (hall h^ve or keep any private or concealed tun, batch, float,

cooler,

Digitized by (^.ooQle

4i6

Common brewer alter* ing the fituation or gofi-tion of his brewing u-tenfils, without giving notice to the proper officer,

or placing any thing in the dipping place, &c. to prevent the taking the true gauge.

forfeits so L

Recital of claufe in aft at Geo. a.

Anno quinto Gsorgii m. c. 45.	[	f	765.

cooler, or copper, other than fuch as are openly difcovered and known to be commonly ufed in his brewhoufe, or place of brewing; every fuch brewer (hall forfeit and lofe for every tun, batch, float, cooler, and copper, fo erefted, fet up, altered, or enlarged, kept private or concealed, without fuch notice given as aforefaid, the fura of two hundred pounds: and whereas it very frequently happens that brewers do alter the fituation and pontion of fuch of their utenfils in their own favour, and in prejudice to the revenue, without giving any fuch notice, whereby it is very difficult, and fometimes impoflible for the gauger or officer to afcertain the true dips, and the quantity of the liquor contained therein, and thereby the good intent or the faid aft rs greatly defeated and rendered ineffeftual: for remedy whereof, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any common brewer (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, alter the fituation or pofition of any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, after the fame hath been fet up and fixed, without firft giving notice thereof in writing to the officer of the divifion or place appointed to furvey, gauge, and take an account of his beer, ale, or worts; or (hall place any boards, (lone, wood, or any other materials, at, in, or upon, the dipping place or places, of any fuch tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, or (hall by any other ways or means prevent or hinder fuch gauger or officer from taking true dips and gauges of fuch beer, ale, or worts, every fuch brewer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XXVI.	And whereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament pafied in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Gorge the Second, intituled, An aftfor repealing the prefent inland duty of four /hillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majefly certain other inland duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better fecuring the duty upon tea, and 0-ther duties of excife; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another; reciting, That whereas by the laws then in force concerning the duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, in that part of Great Britain called England, all forfeitures and offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the chief office m London, were to be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the chief commiffioners and governors of excife; and all fuch forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any o-ther the counties, cities, towns, or places, in England, were to be heard and determined, by any two or more of the juflices of the peace, refiding near to the place where fuch forfeitures (hould be made, or offence committed; and reciting alfo, that many perfons chargeable with duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the faid commiffioners, or incurring; penalties by offences againft the faid laws, did frequently avoid profecutions for the fame, by removing out of the jurudt&ion wherein fuch duties were charged, or offence committed, to the 2	great

Digitized by LjOOQle

4*7

Anno quinta GEtift&t Tit. c. 43.

great prejudice of the revenue, and difeouragement of the fifr traders: for remedy whereof, it was by the faid ad enaded*

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, otie thou-fand fevea hundred and forty five, it (hould and might be law* ful for the faid commiffioners and juftices refpedively within whole jurifdidion any perfon charged with any of the faid du*

,ties, or who (hould have committed any offence againft the faid laws, or any of them, or againft the faid aft, (hould be found* to fuounon, hear, adjudge, and determine, and iffiie any procefs s>v warrant, in the fame manner as fuch commiffioners might then do, in cafe of fuch offences as were committed within thefr refpedive jurifdidions; and in cafe the faid commiffioners or juftices (hould, upon any judgement given by them refpedive-iy, iffue a warrant or warrants of diftrefs, and the perfon or per-fons authorized to execute fuch warrant, or any of them, (hould make a return thereto, that no fufficient diftrels could be found, then it (hould and might be lawful for the faid commiffioners and juftices refpedively, within whofe jurifdidion the party (hould at any time be found againft whom fuch warrant (hould have been irfued, upon producing to them fuch warrant and re-turn thereof, to commit fuch offender to the next county gaol* till (atisfadion thou Id be made: and whereas, fince the paffing of the faid claufe, divers other rates and duties of excife, and o-ther rates and duties, have by virtue of feveral ads parliament been put under the management of the refpedive commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland \ and it is proper that the pro- powcr8 ^ vifions in the laft recited claufe (hould be extended to all and provifions every law and laws concerning the duties of excife, or other du- enaded by the tie* under the management of the refpedive commiftioners of,aft recited excife in England and Scotland; be it therefore declared and en-aded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, tion againft authorities, provifions, and dire&ions, enaded by the faid laft all peribns recited claufe, (hall and may, from and after the fifth day of committing July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be ufed, pra&ifed, applied, and put in execution, againft all and every fas concern-perfon or perfons who (nail commit any offence or offences a- ing the duties gainft any ad ot ads of parliament concerning the duties of ex- of eacift* dfe, or any other duties under the management of the refpedive commiftioners of excife in England and Scotland for the time being, in as full and effedual manner, as if the faid powers, author rities, provifions, and diredions, had been enaded in the body of each refpedive ad; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVII* And whereas the laws already made to prevent the dandeftine importing and landing of foreign brandy, rum, Where fcf-ftrong waters, or other fpirits, in fmall veflets, which hover up-on the coafts of this kingdom, have been found infafRcient for {fought into that purpofe; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, any part of That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feveiV Great Britain, hundred and fixty five, if any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, m tcffcls ftrong waters or fpirits of any kind whatfoever, (hall be im-VoSmXXVL	£e	1	ported	dcr/

Digitized by

^18	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.	[17^5.

ported or brought from any part of Europe ; or from and after the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, (hall be imported or brought from any part of Afiay Africa or America, into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any (hip, veffel, or boat, of the burthen of one hundred tons, or under (except only for the ufe of the Teamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hip, veflel or boat, fuch fpirits not weeding two gallons for every fuch feaman) every fuch are liable to <hip» veflel or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, forfeiture, to- and alfo all fuch brandv, arrack, rum, ftrong waters or fpirits, Esther with or the value thereof, (nail be forfeited and loft; and (hall and the vcnel, &c. may be feized, profecuted, condemned and difpofed of, in the feized^d ^ame manner as other forfeited goods and (hips or veflels, not fold, as for- exceeding fifty tons burthen, are directed to be feized, profecut-feited goods, ed, condemned and difpofed of, by an a<ft made in the third and veflelsun-year Qf the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for burthen0"* Ar/^r improvement of bis Majefty's * revenue of cuftomsy and may by a& for the encouragement of officers making feizures 5 and for the pre-3 Geo. 3. vention of the clandiftme running of goods into any part of bis Ada* jefty's dominions.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority N^cncjaor aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July* one thou-

fand feven hundred and fixty five, no foreign fpirits called Ge* nevay and that from and after the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no rum (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any veflel or cafk which (hall not contain fixty gallons at the lead (excepting only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported, not exceeding two gallons for each feaman) on forfeiture thereof, to be feized, profecuted, and divided, in the manner herein before mentioned.

XXIX.	Provided always. That in cafe it (hall be made ap-cxcept BritUh pear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cu-flromthe plan- ^oms m England or Scotland refpedtively, that any rum, being rations im- the produce or manufacture of any of his Majefty’s dominions porteddire&ly in America, (hall be imported direCUy from thence in fmall

thence Ca(ks, without fraud or concealment* either for the ufe of the for private ma^er *n voyaSe> or f°r the Private ufe of merchants or ufe|P	traders fo importing the fame, or defigned as prefents, and not

.	by way of merchandize; that then, and in every (uch cafe, it

admitted^' anc* may he *avv^u^ f°r the kid refpe&ive commiffioners, if entry, and to they think proper, to admit fuch rum to an entry, and caufe the pay the duties, duties thereof to be accepted inftead of the forfeiture thereof before mentioned ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And whereas great quantities of brandy, rum, and ' other fpirits, are clandeftinely run on (hore in Great Britain, from

fmall veflels which are cleared outwards from Ireland, under the pretence of being deftined with fuch goods to foreign parts; to prevent which practices for the future, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of July*

* one

rum may be imported in leu than 60 gallon calks.

•n forfeiture thereof $

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765O	Anno	quinto	GeoRGH III. c. 43.	419

one thoufand feven hundred arid fixty five, if any brandy, rum. Where (pint* ftrong waters, or fpirits of any kind whatsoever, (hall be enter- ®f ®nX kind ed or (hipped for exportation from the kingdom of Ireland, to ^or entered any port or place not within the fame kingdom, in any (hip or for exporta-venel whatfoever, under the burthen of one hundred tons, ex- tion from Tre-cept only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on ,an^»in vcffe,# board fuch (hip or veflel, not exceeding two gallons for each burS*en7t0n# fuch feaman; every fuch (hip or veflel, with all her tackle, fur- fuch veffej niture and apparel, and alfo all fuch brandy, rum, ftrong waters and fpirits, or fpirits, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any maybefeired, officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland, and profecuted, tried, a[lc‘ are . determined and difpofed of, in fuch and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by the laws now in force in the faid kingdom of Ireland, againft the running or intending to run goods into that kingdom, may, by any act or a6ts of parliament now in force in that kingdom, be profecuted, tried, determined, and difpofed of.

XXXI.	And whereas tobacco, rum, and other goods, are fhipped for exportation to the iflands of Faro or Ferro, being

part of the dominions of the king of Denmark, with no other No drawback intent than fraudulently to related the fame 011 the coafts of Great or bounty to. Britain or Ireland; which practices, if not prevented, will great- be allowed tor Jy diminilh his Majefty's revenues of cuftoms, and be very any g°°d$ ex-prejudicial to the fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it further (^^Brit"? ena6ted by the authority aforefaid, That no drawback or boun- or Ireland To ty (hall be allowed for any goods whatfoever, which, from and the iflands of after the fifth day of July, one thoufand Seven hundred and Faro; fixty five next, (hall be expofted from Great Britain or Ireland, nor co^k.ct to the faid iflands of Faro or Ferro ; nor (hall any co:ket or fxporting°r clearance be granted for the exporting to the faid iflands any prohibited goods which are prohibited to be worn or ufed either in Great goods thither# Britain or Ireland; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty of en-That if any merchant or other perfon (hall enter any goods tering goods for exportation to foreign parts, other than to the faid iflands of f?r cxP?rt*r Faro or Ferro, in order to obtain the drawback or bounty for J^^^her511 the fame; or if any goods which are prohibited to be worn or than the ufed in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be entered for exportation iflands of

to foreign parts, other than to the faid iflands of Faro or Ferro ; Far°» or^cr and fuch gobds (hall neverthelefs be carried to the faid iflands, dTawbac^or and landed there contrary to the true intent and meaning of this bounty; and adfc ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the drawback or bounty alio prohibited paid or to be paid for the fame, (hall be forfeited; and the ex- fo *nmf porter of fuch goods, and the mafter of the (hip or veflel on t^rardslaiMl-board which the fame were loaden and exported, and every per- ing the fame fon concerned or afiifting in the exportation or landing of the at Faro# faid goods, whether any drawback or bounty has been or is to i* forfeiture be paid for the fame or not, (hall forfeit treble the value of the treble”^! goods ; and the (hip or veflel on board which fuch goods were jue of the loaden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, goods, toge.

E e 2	(hall	^her with the

veflel,

Digitized by

Google

4*o	Anno	quinta	Qeorgii	III.	C.43.	[1765.

(hall alfo be forfeited, and (ball and may be (eized and profo-*	cuted	by any officer of the cuftoms or excife in Great Britain or

Ireland; and the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein before^ mentioned, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in fuch and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any la\v of the revenue mav be fued for and recovered in the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland refpeltively ; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures (after deducing the charges of profecution) (hall be to the ufe 01 his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors; and the other moiety to fuch officer of the cuftoms or excife as (hall fuc or profecute for the fame.

The iflamli of XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* F.ar^o bc faid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou* oath upon de-fan<* feven hundred and fixty five, the faid iftands of Faro or benturcs for Ferro, (hall be added to, and included in the oath upon all deben-goods export- tures for goods exported, whereon the exporter is to fwear, that fuch goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain or Ireland.

XXXIV.	And, for preventing the frauds frequently ufed in importing coffee in fmall quantities, whereby the fame is more eafily conveyed away without payment of any duties for the fame* be it hereby enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, no coffee (hall be brought or imported from any part of Europe; or from and after the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, (hall be brought or imported from any part of /tyia, Africa, or America, into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in any (hip or veflel from any place or places whatfoever beyond the feas, otherwife than in ca(k, cheft, cafe, bag or other package, each ca(k, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package whereof, (hall Contain one hundred and twelve pounds of neat coffee at the

4n penalty of ca^? 10 ^ ^owec* °Penty *n the hold of fuch (hip or veflel im-forfcturef ° porting the fame; onpam to forfeit all the coffee (b brought or imported contrary to this alt, with the package containing the fame, which (hall and may be (eized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife.

XXXV.	And whereas by an alt of parliament paffei in the tenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An alt for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pafte import* ed; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof 1 aad for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafte; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon Coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported; apdfor granting relief to Robert Dalziell, late earl of Camwath; it was, amongft, other things, provided and enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, all coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, imported into the kingdom, of Great Britain from any foreign parts, upon the entry thereof at the CMjUm-hmfe, and paying or fecuring the feveral fubfidies uni additional impefl* which Jbould (hen remain 4h thereon, fbould he forthwith carried or

put

Vo coffee to be imported in lefs packages than ixxlb. neat coffee.

Recital of claufe in a& no Geo. i.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765.} Anfco quinto Georgii III. c. 4 j.	421

put into fucb wareboufe or warehoufes os jhculd bo for that purpofe provided^ at the tharge of the refpetlive importer or importers of fucb coffee) tea and cocoa ftuts, and fhall be approved of by the commiffion-trs of his Majeffs cuftoms, or the major part of them, for the time being: and whereas feveral perfons have refujed or neglefled, for a long time after the importation of fuch coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, to make due entry thereof and to pay or fecure the feveral fubfidies and additional impofts due thereon, and have infified to keep the fame on board, by which means the revenue of excife hath been umeceffarily put to a very confiderable expend, by keeping tidefmen on board the Jhips; and great opportunities are alfo obtained for embezling or running on Jbore all or patt of the faid coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, without payment of any duties for the fame, notwithjlanding the utmofl care and vigilance of the officers of excife to prevent the fame; for importer of remedy whereof, be it hereby ensured by the authority afore- coffee, tea, laid. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand fe- orcocoa nut* veil hundred and fixty five, the importer or importers of any cof-fee, tea, or cocoa nuts, imported into Great Britain, within thir- JO jay8 aftcr ty days next after the matter or purfer, for that voyage, of the report made fnip or veflel wherein the faid coffee, tea, or cocoa nuts, fhall ** **je cuftotn be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall have, or ought to have, made a juft and true entry or report, 31X1 9 upon oath, of the burthen, contents, and lading of fuch (hip or veflel, in purfuanceof the directions of the ftatute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles P^uaj^ to the Second, intituled, An a& for preventing frauds and regulating Car.*!. ** abufes in his Majefy's cufloms, (hall make due entry thereof, with and is to duly an officer of the excife, to be appointed by the refpective com- land the fame, ttiiflioners of excife in England and Scotland for that purpofe, and ** put in land the fame, to be put in the warehoufes as aforefaid, on pain *ar^jfcL to forfeit, for every neglect or refufal to make fuch entry, or to	9

land the fame according to the directions of this act, all (uch on forfe£ture coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, with the package wherein the fame thereof*

(hall be contained on board fuch (hip or veflel, belonging to fuch importer or importers of the fame fo neglecting or refuting* which (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the Excife.	.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de- ^extend to^ dared by the authority aforefaid. That the laft-mentioned pro- any tea or vifion (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any cof- coffee im-fee or tea imported, or to be imported, by the Eajl India com- jpwted byth#

pa$xxvn . And whereas in cafes where any perfon or perfons is or comPa41Jr* are at liberty to export to foreign parts any wares or merchandizes, fkbjelt to the duties under the management of the commifftoners of ex-cife, fuch perfon or perfons is or are required, by the laws now in being, to make proof upon oath or by affirmation, that the duty of fuch tvhres or merchandizes hath been paid or fecured, according to the feveral afls by which fuch duty is refpiRively laid upon fuch wares or merchandizes 5 which oath or affirmation the colteflor, who received the faid duty, is thereby required add impowered to adminifier \ and

E c 3	alfo

y

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.	[ 1765.

alfo to give to fuch perfort or per fins gratis a certificate or certificates% exprejjing the kinds and weights of juch wares or merchandizes, and the duties paid for the fame: ana whereas it frequently happens^ that fuch cclkflors are abfent from home, in the execution of other parts of their duty, when fuch perfins, fi intending to export Juih wares or merchandizes, do apply, in order to make fuch proof upon oath or by affirmation, and to receive fuch certificate, by which means fuch perfins are prevented from or greatly delayed in the exportation Perfons fi>eci- 0f fab wares or merchandizes; be it therefore enatfted by the au-by^the^m- lh°r*ty aforefaid, That from and afcer the faid fifth day of Jutyy imflioners of one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, it (hall and may be excife, may, lawful for fuch perfon pr perfons, as (hall be appointed by the in the ab^n^e commiflioners of excife in England and Scotland refpedtively for or,adm?nifbr ^me being, or major part of them refpe&ively, within the oath re- their feveral diftridls, to adminifter fuch oath or affirmation, in quired to be the abfence of the refpedtive collectors, to the perfons fo applying taken on the for the fame, in order to export fuch wares and merchandizes of^oodsTia as ^ore^a*^ » anc^t0 S*vc drafis to fuch perfon fuch certificate or blegto thedu certificates, fo required by the feveral adis by which fuch duty is ties of excife, refpe&ively laid upon fuch wares or merchandizes, in -fuch man-and grant pro- ner as the collectors of excife are now by law required and in»-categ€rti^" powered to do.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the like provifions which are made by law to prevent the clandefiine landing of tea, and foreign fpirituous liquorj,from veffiels hovering upon the coafi of Great Britain, jhould be extended to coffee, and fuch goods as are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this kingdom; be it therefore VefTels not ex- enaCied by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth deeding 50 day 0f July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, where arriving1* from any or ve^e* whatfoever coming or arriving from foreign foreign ]parts, parts, and having on board twenty pounds weight of coffee, or found hover- any goods whatfoever which are liable to forfeiture by any aCt of ing on the parliament now in force, upon being imported into Great Bri-*o?b of cofffe ta*n> *hall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of or other goods 3ny	ports	of	this	kingdom,	or within two leagues of the

on board lia- (hore, or (hall be difeovered to have been within the limits of ble to for- any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather future, permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceffity and diftrefs of weather, of which neceflity and diftrefs the mafter, purfer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch w (hip or veflfel, (hall give notice to, gnd make proof of, before the collector or 01 her chief officer of the cuftoms of fuch port as aforefaid, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflfel may be feized; into the faid port; all fuch goods, together with the chefts, and the vcf- boxes, cafks, and other package whatfoever, containing the fe.s and goods famc goods, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, are con icat- Aether bulk foall then have been broken or not; and the Chip ‘ 9	or veflfel, on board which fuch goods (hall be fo found, with all

her tackle, furniture and apparel, (hall alfo be forfeited and loft: provided fuch (hip or veflel doth not exceed the burthen of fifty tons; and the fame (hall and maybe feized, profecuted, condemn-

Digitized by

Google

1765.]	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43;	423

ed, and difpofed of, in the fame manner as other forfeited goods

and (hips or veflels not exceeding fifty tons burthen, are dire&ed

to be feized, profecuted, condemned, and difpofed of, by an ad and are to be

made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti-	a#

tuled. An aft for the further improvement of his Majejlfs revenue ^

of cuftoms; and for the encouragement of officers making feizures;

and for the prevention of the clandeftine running of goods from any

part of his Majefty* s dominions.

XXXIX.	And in order to prevent any collufive agreements between the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife making feizures, and the owners or other perfons concerned in the importing or landing any goods liable to forfeiture ; it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the fifth °Jficcpl day of July, one thouland feven hundred and fixty five, if aqy rcizarl^mir-officer of the cuftoms or excife, or other perfon authorized tofuaht to this make feizures, (hall feize any^goods as forfeited by this ad; or ad, or ad any tea, foreign brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters, or fpirits, gGeo* *•on as forfeited, by an adt made in the ninth year rf the reign of Jg, his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, Anafl forftizc and pro-indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws fecutethefhip. made for fecuring the revenues of cuftoms and excife, and for enforcing thofe laws for the future; on board any (hip or veflel what- or majce foever, and (nail not feize and profecute the (hip or veflel on feizures on board which fuch goods (hall have been brought, found, or fhore, and not ieized ; or if any fuch officer or officers (hall feize any goods, an<* pro-wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, which (hall have been un- ^Se and (hipped, landed, removed, or carried, contrary to law, and carriage, &c. fhall not alfo feize and profecute the boat, veflel, cart, horfe, or employed m other cattle or carriage, made ufe of in the removing, carrying, running the or conveying of fuch goods; and (hall not difcover to the com- 3^4^™ miflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, the perfons con- perfons cerned in unfhipping, or receiving fuch goods, fo that they concerned may be profecuted for the penalties incurred by law for fuch therein; offences; fuch officer and officers (hall, in each and every fuch ^f^hiftead* cafe, in lieu and inftead of the moiety or (hare which he or they oF^moiety* is or are now intitled to by law upon the condemnation of fuch but one third goods, be intitled to no more than one third part of the net pro- of the produce arifingby the fale of fuch goods ; and the remaining two ?uc5l%aij<lng thirds (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- rcft^go fors j any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftand- to the crown

mg.

XL. And whereas great frauds have been carried on by the makers and proprietors of fait, in collufion with the officers appointed for the duties on fait; which frauds have been greatly prejudicial, not only to the revenue, but to the fair trader; and whereas provifion has not hitherto been made for fubjedting fuch of the faid officers as are guilty of thefe evil pradtices to any penalty, other than the penalty ox the bond given by them for the faithful difeharge of their truft, which penalty is not fuffi-cient.to prevent fuch frauds ; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July,, one

E e 4	thou-

Digitized by foozle

4 *4

Anno quinto GeoRGH III. C.43-	C*765-

thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, if any officer for thedu— Office for the t*es on ff*3^ deliver, or cauCe or fuffer to be delivered, or be (ak duties bet contenting or privy to the delivering, removing, or conveying* ii^ guilty of Britijb white ndt, refined fait, rock fait, or bit rock, from any any baud or fait work, crib, ftore-boufe, or other place, made ufeof for coUufou in making, refining, or keeping, of any loch fait, or from any thehpffice, fait pit or pits, or to the landing any foreign fait out of any (hip * or veflel, importing the fame from parts beyond the feas, before the lame be fairly, duly, and truly, entered and charged in the hook or books enjoined to be kept for that purpofe, whereby the maker, refiner, or owner of fuch Britijb white fak, refined fait, rock fait, or fall rock, or tfie merchant or importer of fads foreign fait, (hall become chargeable with and liable to the fatt , r	payment	of the duties due and payable thereon to bis Majefty,

pp^LauTths b®**5* aQd focceflors j fuch officer or officers, for the duties penakjsof	fal,» fo offending as aforefaid, thall, in every fuch cafe* for-

jhe bond*	feh and lofe, over and above the penalty of the bond he enter-

e* ^ them ed into, either by himfclf or furetits, for the due performance va" of the tmft repofcd in him* double the value of fuch fak* and fait, and alfo aMo ton killings psr bu£hel, and after that rate for any greater losperbufhel. or lefler quantity*

XLL And whereas in all cafes where fait is (hipped on board boats* barges, or other vefiels, in order to be carried down rivers or coaftwjfe for the pprpofes of the fiftiety, or to be re-(hipped for exportation, erotherwife* great care (bodd betaken for the preventing frauds that may be committed by claodcf-ttnely landing part of the faid fait in fuch voyage: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July* one tfioufand feyen hundred and fiocty five, all erics, Ac, not fuch fait, which (hall be landed without the prefence of an officer &ut?n pre!^ ^or thejdutiespn fait, (hall be forfeited and loft, and alfo ten (hil-fence o? an	lings per bu(hel, to be recovered of the owner of fuch boat,

officer, on barge* or other veflel; and al] veflels, boats, barges, trows, oir feature a lighters* out of which any fuch fait (hall be taken or put on (hore, ios"rcbufhel, together with their tackle and apparel, frail alfo be forfeited withtbevelfel. and loft; and every perfon that (hall take any fuch fait out of and *ol. by any fuch (hip or veflel of any kind, or carry the fame on (hore pvtry perfon or convey the fame from tne (hore when landed, or be aiding or aflifiing therein, (hall forfeit the film. of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

XLlI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoUfand feven hundred and fixty five, it (hall and inay be lawful to and for the officer and officers of the faid duties on fait* at every place where he or they (hall meet with any perfon. or perfon* carrying or <x>nveying fait by day or by night* by land or by water, to demand a fight of the permit or certificate which' was granted' by the cpUedor or officer for the duties on fait* or fome or one of them, for the carrying or conveying the faid fait; and if, upon producing fuch permit or certificate, the faid officer or officers faall have realon to believe* or (hall fuJp©ftrthafc there is more

fait

Salt (kipped for the nfh-

conceraed (tberefo.

Where perfon s (hall be found carrying fait, officer may demand a fight of the per-

wh

Digitized by LjOOQie

ty65.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.	425

kit than is exprefied in fuch permit or certificate, that then, and re weigh and in every inch cafe, the faid officer or officers (hall and may, at his own expence, re-weigh the faid quantity of fait; and if excels the the kit, on the re-weighing the fame, (hall be found to be more quantity for in weight than what is contained in the faid permit or certificate which the per-that then the furplufege that (hall exceed the quantity contained ** in the (aid permit or certificate (hall be forfeited and loft, and fheVurpliw the perfon orperfons concerned in fo carrying or conveying the fait is forfeit-fame, (hall alio (Severally be liable to the lame penalties and for- ed, and the feitures as any perfon or perfons is or are liable to by this and	**

any other aft or afts of parliament relating to the duties on fait 2^2^* for removing, conveying, or carrying, any fait or r<?ck fait from any fait work or fait works, pit or pits, place or places, thereunto belonging, without due entry of the fame, or payment of the duties, or giving fecurity for fuch duties, or without war-' rant, ticket, or licence, for conveying, carrying, or removing the fame.

XL1II. And whereas it is neceflary that the penalty infiifted by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of Queen Anne^ upon perions obftrufting the officers, for the faid duties, in the execution of their offices, or of the powers given by the faid aft or any law relating to the faid duties then in force, (hould be extended to perfons guilty of the like offences againft this or any other aft relating to the faid duties j be it further enafted.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall obftruft or hinder any officer pcr^>nj ob or officers, for the faid duties, in the execution of his or their ftruft?ng°&c. offices, or of the powers given them by this aft, or any other officers in the law relating to the (aid duties, or (hall beat or abufe the faid offi- execution of cers, or any of them, in the execution of his or their offices j. *he'r.<iutY> foch perfon and perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit andtor CI 10 ’ lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XLIV. And be it declared and enafted by the authority afore- where fait (aid. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand or fifti (hall feven hundred and fixty five, if any fait, as well Britijb as fo- be feized for reign rock fait, or fait refined front rock fait, or red herrings or non-payment white herrings, or any other fort of fifh, be feizedfor nonpay- 0 utie8> c# ment of duties, or my other caufe of forfeiture, by any of the laws relating to the duties on fait or fi(h now in force, and any an<j any ^ difpute (hall arife whether thefaid fait or herrings, or other kind pute (hall arife of fifh, had been duly entered, and the duties for the fame du- thereupon, ly paid, or fecured to be paid ; or that fuch fait or herrings, os other kind of fi(h, had been legally condemned ; or that the (alt had been duly entered and locked up for the filhery, according to law ; or that the quantity of fait ufed in the curing of fiih as fet forth in the carer’s account, was truly ufed, then, and in t^ Omupro-foch cafes, the proof thereof (hall lie on the owner or clahner of bandi is to lie fiich fait or herrings, or the curer of fifh, and not on the officer on the owner, who (hall frizeor ftopfuch (alt, herrings, or other kind of fifh; anything in this or any other aft of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLV. And be fe further enafted by th$ authority aforefeid.

That

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

426

Where fait or filh is made liable to forfeiture the package carriages and cattle employed therein, are forfeited alfo How all fines

Jienalties, and orfeitures, for Which no other provi-fion is made, are to be fued for, recover-fed, or raiti-gated.

and applied.

General ifliie.

Treble cofts.

Anno quinto GeoRGH III. 0.43.	£1765.

That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in all cafes whatsoever where fait or fi(h of any kind (hall be liable to Seizure, by virtue of this or any former ad of parliament, that the bags. Sacks, calks, or other package, and alfo the carriages, horSes, and other cattle, made ufe of in carrying and conveying the fame, be alfo forfeited and loft; and that it be lawful for the officers of the fait duties, and the officers of the cuftoms, to feize the fame.

XLVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, infii&ed by this ad, and for which no other diredions are before particularly given, (hall be fued for* recovered, levied, or mitigated, in manner following ; that is to fay, for all offences committed againft any of the provifions herein before contained, with refped to the duties under the management of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, levied,, or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to the faid duties 5 and for all offences committed againft any of the provifions herein before contained, with refped to the duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, br forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife; and for all offences committed againft any of the provifions herein before contained, with refped to the faid duties on (alt, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to fuch duties; or that all or any of the faid refpedive fines, penalties, and forfeitures, may be fued for and recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpectively ; and that in all cafes where it is not otherwife directed by this ad, one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall dif-cover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XLVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any other ad of parliament relating to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the faid ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to he had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of fuch ad: and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeonti-nue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or other-wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAPt

Digitized by

4*7

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 44.

CAP. XL1V.

An aft for repealing the aft made in the loft fejfton of parliament, intituled, An a£t for vetting the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and to veft as well the faid fort and its dependencies, as all other the Britifh forts and fettle-ments upon the coaft of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, eft ate and ejfefts of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the faid forts, fettlements, and their dependencies, in his Majefty •, and for fecuring, extending, and improving the trade to Africa.

WHEREAS by two afts of parliament, the one made in the

twenty third year of the reign of hit late majefty King George Preamble, re-the Second, intituled, An aft for extending and improving the trade to Africa; and the other made in the twenty fifth year of the Geo. s. reign of hit faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the application of a lum of money therein mentioned, granted to his Majefty, for making compenfation and fatisfaftion to the royal African company of England, for their charter, lands, forts, caftles,

(laves, military ftores, and all other their effefts whatfoever* and to veft the land, forts, caftles, (laves, and military ftores, and all other their effefts, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for other purpofes in the aft mentioned; all and every the Britifh forts, landt, caftlet, fettlementt, and faftories, on the coaft of Africa, beginning at port Sallee, and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope incluftve, which had been grant-ed to the royal African company <f England, by their charter bearing date the twenty feventh day of September, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of King Charles the Second; or which had been after that time erefted or pur chafed by the faid company ; and all other the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, coafls, ports% bays, rivers, and places, lying and being within the aforejaid limits, and the iflands near adjoining to thofe coafts, and comprehended within the limits defcribed by the faid charter, and which at the time of pajf-ing the faid laft mentioned aft were, or at any time theretofore bad b$en, in the pojfejjion of, or claimed by, the faid royal African company 5 together with the cannon and other military ftores, canoemen, caftle flaves, at and belonging to the faidforts, caftles, fettlements, andfaftories, particularly mentioned and Jetforth in the firft fchedule to the faid laft mentioned aft annexed; and alfo all contra fts and agreements made by orfor or on the behalf of the faid royal African company, with any of the kings, princes, or natives, of any of the countries or places of the faid coafts 5 and all other the property, eftate, and ejfefts whatfoever, of the faid royal African company (except; as in the faid laft mentioned aft is excepted) were fully and abfolutely vefted 6	in

Digitized by

Google

4*8	Anno	quinto	GeoRGH	III. c. 44.	[1765.

in the corporation called and known by the name of The company merchants trading to Africa, and their fuccejjors, to the intent and purpofe that the faid forts, fettlements* and premijfes, y&wA/ be employed at all times thereafter only for the protection* encouragement and defence of the faid trade: and whereas by another aft made in the lajl fefjion of parliament, intituled, An a<$l for verting the fort of Senegal> and its dependencies, in the company of mer-and a& 4 Geo. chants trading to Africa \ the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, 3*	were	alfo vejled in the faid company of merchants, to be employed in

the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, and fubjeft to the fame proviftons,	/A/ other forts and fettlements on the coaft of

Africa were vejled in the faidtompany* and fubjeft to, by virtue of the before mertlioned aft made in the twenty third year of his late Majejlys reign: and forafmuch as the good purpofes propofed by the fcveral before-recited ads of fecaring, improving, and extending, for the benefit of all his Majerty’s fubje&s, the trade to and from Africa might be mote effectually and compkatly provided for, if the faid fort of Senegal and its dependencies, together with fuch other of the Britijh forts and fettlements upoti the coaft of Africa as lie to the northward of the cape commonly called Cape Rouge, were vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fuceeflors ; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ptefent parliament artem-N bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a<ft made Repeal of the in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for veft'tng the aft of 4 Geo. y fat 0f Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants except as to tra^nS t0 Africa, (hall, except fo much thereof as authortees the the annual committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa, to deduftion of ddduCt annually out of the monies they (hall receive, a further 400I. by the	not exceeding four hundred pounds, for the purpofes in

th^African	^	mentioned, from and after the twenty fourth day of

company. Jttne* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be, and it i* hereby repealed.

African com- II* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That pany diverted from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June* the (aid of all the forts, company of merchants trading to Africa (hall be, and they are and^aftories hereby abfolutely diverted of all and every the forts, lands* caf-ontheAfri- * ties, fettlements, and factories on the coaft of Africa, beginning can coaft, at the port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extendingfrom thence from the to Qape Rouge irtclufive, and all other the regions, countries, toCape CC d°rtlini()ns> territories, continents, coafts, ports, bays, rivers, RougeJ&c. and places, lying and being within the aforefaid limits, and the irtands near adjoining to thofc coafts, and comprehended within the faid limits, and all other the property, eftate and effe&s whatfoever, which by virtue of the faid a&s feverally made in the twenty third and twenty fifth years of the reign of his late Majefty, or either of them, are now vefted in the mid company of merchants trading to Africa 5 and that from and after the laid twenty fourth day of Juntl as w$ll the faid fort of Senegal an<fc

Digitized by L^ooQle

1765*] Anno quinto Georoii III. c. 44.	429

its dependencies, as all other the forts, lands, caftles, fettlements, and the (ame and factories, on the coaft of Africa, beginning at the port another the*1 Sallee in South Barbary, and extending from thence to Cape Rouge property and inclufive ; and all other the property, eftate, and effects what- effefts the fpever, poffcffed by the faid company of merchants within the 5?™PanJr R°*“ limits aforefaid, or claimed by them in refpeft to fuch their pof- faid^r^ feffions within the faid limits, be, and theyafe hereby, fully and mits/are^eft-abfolutely vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.	cd in the

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, crown.

That all the powers, privileges, and authorities whatfoever, |^voc3tion granted to the faid company of merchants by either of the faid and privileges ads made in the twenty third and twenty fifth years of his late granted to * Majefty’s reign, fo far as the fame concern any of the territories, the African forts, fettlements, or other the premiffes lying within the limits company \ aforefaid, and hereby verted in his Majelty, his heirs and fuc-

ceflors, (hall from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June ceafeand determine.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-

forefaid. That the trade to and from Africa mail continue tree, and the trade and open to all his Majefty’s fubjefts; and that it ihall be law- to Africa de-ful for all his Majefty’s fubjefts, without preference or diftinc- *1?^ tion, to trade and traffic to and from any of the ports or places	\

hereby verted in his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, without ™	^

any reftraint whatfoever, other than and except the due obfer-

vance of all fuch orders or regulations as (hall, bv and under

the authority of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, be efta-

blifhed for the immediate defence of the forts, fettlements, aftd

TFaftories, hereby vefted in them, or for the better government

of his Majefty’s fubjefts refiding or coming within the limits a-

forefaid ; and that the forts, warehoufes, and buildings, hereby	..

vefted in his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, (hall continue

be free and open to all his Majefty’s fubjefts, in the fame manner warehoufes,

and for the fame purpofes, as they have hitherto been under the &c. hereby

authority of the faid former afts.	vefted in the

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thatcrown*

That it (hall not be lawful for any of the officers or fervants, employed by the committee of the faid company on the coaft of officers or Africa, to export negroes from Africa upon their own account; fervants not and that if any fuch officer or fervant (hall be found to be di- t0 export ne-reftly or indireftly interefted in fuch exportation of negroes from	^

Africa, he (hall be difmiffed from the fervice of the faid commit- on penalty <£ tee.	difmiffioiu

VI.	And whereas, by the faid aft made in the twenty third year of his late Majefty’s reign, it is enafted. That the committee of the faid company of merchants (hall give an account upon oath, of all the money received by them, and of the application thereof •, but no provifion is thereby made with refpeft to the accounts to be given by their officers and fervants of the difpofalor application of the goods and ftores purchafed, from time to time, by the, faid committee, and by them lent to the

coaft

Digitized by t^ooQle

43°

Committee*# officers and fervants to tranfmit an attefted account once a year of the application and difpofal of the ftores configned to them within the preceding year.

on penalty of fufpenfion of their falary.

His Majefty im powered to grant an ex-cluHve right for a i years, to Geo. Glas, of trading to port Regeala,

& C.

fubjett however to redemption, by . a parliamentary compen-fation.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.4$4	£1763.

coaft of Africa, to be there ufed and applied as by the faid a& is directed; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every officer or other peribn, employed by the faid committee on the coaft of Africa^ to whom any part of fuch goods or ftores fo purchafed, and fent out as aforefaid, (hall be confign-ed and delivered, (hall be required to tranfmit to the (kid committee, once at lead in every year, an account of the difpofal and application of all fuch goods and ftores within the preceding year; having firft made oath to the truth of fuch account, before fuch perfon as (hall be authorized by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to adminifter the fame; and that no fuch officer or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to be difeharged, in refpeft of any fuch goods and ftores configned or delivered to him a$ aforefaid, in any other manner than by an account given, upon oath, of the difpofal and application thereof; and if any fuch officer or other perfon (hall negledt to tranfmit to the faid committee fuch account as is hereby required, the faid committee are hereby required and enjoined forthwith to fufpend him from the enjoyment of his falary; and in cafe, upon enquiry, they (hall find fuch negle<5t to have been wilful, they are hereby required and enjoined to difmifs him from their fervice.

VII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to make unto George Glasy and his afiociates or affigns, a grant, by letters patent under the ejeat feal, for any term not exceeding twenty one years, of the Tole right and privilege of carrying on trade and traffick to a certain port alledged to be difeovered by him on the coaft of Africa, called Regeala or Gueder, (ituate in South Barbary, between Sallee and Cape Blanco, and alfo to fuch diftridt of land adjoining thereto, as he (hall have procured to be ceded, together with the faid port, to his Majefty, upon fuch terms, conditions, and refervations, to be inferted in the faid grant, as his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors refpec-tively, (hall judge expedient j iubje<ft, however, to be redeemed at anytime upon the payment of fuch compenfationas the parliament (hall think proper ; any thing in the before recited adfc of the twenty third year of his late Majefty’s reign, or in this pre-fent a<ft, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitb* (landing.

CAP. XLV.

An ad for more effectually fecuring and encouraging the trade of bis Majefty* s American dominions •, for repealing the inland duty on coffee, impofed by an ad made in the thirty fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second ♦, and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the Britifh dominions in America^ for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon

fugars

Digitized by CjOOQle

43i

1765*] - Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45*

fugars exported •, for repealing part of an aft made in the twenty third year of his fatd late Majefty, whereby bar iron made in the faid dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coaftwife \ and for regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms in the faid dominions.

WHEREAS the improving and fecuring the trade and com- Preamble.

merce of the Britifh colonies and plantations in America is highly beneficial^ not only to the faid colonies and plantations but to Great Britain: and whereas it may on this account be proper to encourage the importation of deals, planks, boards and timber, from the faid colonies and plantations, whereby his Majefty s royal navy, as well as Jhips employed in the merchants fervice, may be furnijhed with fuch materials at more reafonable rates than at prefent; and great fums of money at prefent expended among foreign nations, for the purchafe of fuch materials, may be faved: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred sfnd fixty fix, every perfon or per-fons who (hall, within the time appointed by this adt, import, Bountjes or caufe to be imported, into this kingdom, diredUy from any granted on the of his Majefty’s dominions in North America, in any (hip or importation of fhips that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by law is re- d*aI»* plank*, quired, any good, found and merchantable deals, planks, boards aJfrom and timber, of the following dimenfions, (hall have and enjoy North Ame-as a reward or premium for fuch importation, the following ricaj fumsj that is to fay.

For every hundred, containing fix fcore of fuch deals, planks, and boards, not lefs than ten feet long, ten inches broad, and thc prem]um# one inch and one quarter of an inch thick, fo imported, from on t{,c feveral the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (becies and fix, to the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred aimenfionsof and fixty nine, the fum of twenty (hillings; and in the like fuch S00™* proportion for any greater length, and for any greater thicknefs, not exceeding four inches.

For every load, containing fifty cubic feet of fuch fquared timber of all kinds, not lefs than ten inches fauare, fo imported, from the faid firft day of January, one thouiand feven hundred and fixty fix, to the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine, the fum of twelve (hillings.

For every hundred of fuch deals, planks and boards as above deferibed, fifteen (hillings; and for every load of fuch timber, eight (hillings; which (hall be fo imported, from and after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

nine.

Digitized by

Google

43*

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.45.	[1765^

nine* to the firft, day of January, one jhoufand feven hundred and feventy two.

And for every hundred of fuch deals, planks and boards, ten , (hillings ; and fbr every load of fuch timber, five (hillings; which (hall be imported, from and after the faid firft day or January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, to the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five.

The bounty To be paid, upon demand, to the importer of fuch deals, to be paid by planks, boards and timber, by the colledtor of the port where the collector, the fame (hall be imported, out of the cuftoms, or any duties payable upon wood imported: and in cafe the collector of the generaloftbe Port wherc the fame (hall be imported, (hall not have money cuftoms 1	fufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the fame

to the commiflioners of the cuftoms, who (hall caufe the fame to be paid by the receiver general of his Majefty’s cuftoms ; the bounty for the faid goods imported into England, to be paid by the receiver general of the cuftoms in England; and for fuch as (hall be imported into Scotland, to be paid by the receiver general there.

II. And in order to intitle the importer of fuch goods to the premium granted by this a<£t, and to prevent frauds by importing foreign deals, planks, boards and timber; be it further en-A certificate aded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or beingfirft pro- perfons, importing any fuch deals, planks, boards and timber, duced, atteft. mt0 Great Britain, (hall produce to the chief officer or officers of fuc^gw)d«ot *kc cuftoms, at the port of importation, a certificate or cer-beingofthe tificates, under the hand and feal of the governor, lieutenant growth and governor, collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, produce of the or aily two Qf them, redding and being within any of his Ma-faid colonies 5 jefty*s dominions in North America, that, before the departure of fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, the perfon or perfons, merchant, trader or faftor, loading the fame, had made oath before them, that the faid goods fo (hipped on board (expreffing in the faid certificate the number, quantity and fpecies, of each fortrefpedtively) were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of his Majefty’s faid dominions; which oath the faid governor, lieutenant governor and collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby autho-and oath alfo r;xe(j ^ adminifter; as likewife, upon oath to be made, in any the°w)rt o/ at Port Great Britain, by the mafter or matters of fuch (hip or arrival of	veflel, (hips or veflels, importing fuch goods, that the fame

their being were truly laden on board fuch (nip or veflel, (hips or vefiets,

°u within fome of his Majefty’s dominions in North America ; and America.0ltn t^iat or know or believe, that the faid goods were the produce of the faid dominions.

Officer, before III.' And, that the officers of the cuftoms may be the better granting a able to difeover any frauds intended for receiving the aforefak) Srt^Catf *°r P^miums; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That may exarame ** ^all an<* ***7 b® lawful for the faid officers, and they are hereby required, before they njak>e out any fuch certificate, to

examine

Digitized by

Google

433

Anfltt quinto GfcoRtJii III. fc. 4$.

examine the faid goods by (hifting the fame, or by fach other means as they (hall think proper, to find out and difcover, whether the fame are good, found and merchantable.

IV.	Provided always, That in cafe any doubt or difpute fhall Where therrf

arife between the faid Purveyors or officers of the cuftoms, and	1^ any

the owners or importers ot fuch of the aforefaid goods as are theU quality ** imported into the port of London, as to the quality or condition condition of of the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of the goods, his Majefty’s cuftoms, if they (hall think proper, to call two or merchants more merchants, or others w^ll (killed in the commodity, who™**^** fhall declare, upon oath, if required, their opinion, as to the their opinions quality and cbndition of the fame: and according to the beft of upon oath* < •their judgement, determine whether the faid goods are entitled

to the premiums hereby granted, or not: and if any doubt or difpute (hall arife, as to the quality or condition of any of the aforefaid goods imported into any of the outports in England% proper and true descriptions of the quality and condition thereof, attefted by two merchants, or others well (killed in the commodity, at the port or place where the fame (hall be imported; which atteftation (hall be upon oath, before any one or more ot his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, who is or are hereby authorized toadminifter the fame ; (hall be fent to the commiflioners of the cuftoms jfi London ; and if imported into the outports in Scotland', to the commiflioners of the cuftoms at Edinburgh, in fuch manner as the refpedive commiflioners (hall dired, in or-der that, upon confideration thereof by the refpedive commif-fioners at London or Edinburgh refpedively, it may be determined whether the fame are intitled to the premiums hereby granted, or not.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Officer to take That no fee, gratuity or reward (hall be demanded, taken or no fee for received by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, for examining, am*ning the viewing or delivering fuch goods, with refped to the premium f^nting1^ or reward allowed by this ad, or for the figning any ot the cer- certificate, tificates, in order to the receiving fuch premium or reward, or

for paying the fame ; and any fuch officer demanding or taking on penalty of fuch fee or reward (hall, for luch offence, forfeit his office, and difability* be for ever after incapable of executing any office of employment under his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflor9.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ^ he^*aid<l That if any fuch deals, boards, planks or timber of the growth cxportl-of the Britijh dominions in North America, (hall, after the tionoftbefaid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, goods *

be exported from Great Britain, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the colledor of the cuftoms at the port where the fame (hall be exported, or to the chief officer of the cuftoms there, the full fum which is by this ad allowed as a premium on all fuch goods refpedively as he intends to export*

VII.	Provided always. That the faid colledor or chief officer an(j cojw of the cuftoms, upon receiving of fuch premium from the ex- ledor to

Vol. XXVI.

Ff

porter charge fiim-

Digitized by

434	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 45*	[1765.

felf therewith Porter °f g°°ds a$ aforefaid, fhall and do charge himfetf accordingly 5 with the money fo received ; and the commiflioners of his Ma-and*to be jetty’s cuftoms are to take particular care that the fame be dul? , brought to brought to the account of his Majefty by fuch collector or chie: account. officer as aforefaid.

If the goods VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, fhall bffnui- That if any perfon or perfons, their agents or affigns, (hall be dulently ex- found fraudulently to export fuch goods, without paying fuch ported with- premium to the collector or chief officer of the cuftoms in man-theF remiura^ ner as af°refeid> fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and lofe all they^are'liable fuch goods and double the value thereof; one moiety whereof to forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and and double the other moiety to fuch officer of the cuftoms as (hall feize or value.	fue for the fame. t0 profecuted in any of his Majefty’s courts <

of record at Wejlminfier, or in the court of exchequer in Scot- * land refpe&ively, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

In cafe of IX. Provided always. That if any doubt or difpute (hall arife, doubt, with whether any of the goods, or any part thereof, fo to be export-refpeftto the e(^ arc Qf t^c growth or produd of his Majefty’s dominions produft of *n North America, or of foreign growth or product, the Omtu fuch goods Probandi (hall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on Onus Probandi the profecutor; any law, cuftom or ufage, to the contrary not-to lie on the ^ithftanding.	I

owner.	X.	^n(j	;t	furtbcr ena<cjcj the authority aforefaid,

cl^deXinely T^at ^ ma^er or owner of any (hip or veflTd (hall clandef-importing, ’ t,nety import or receive in fuch (hip or veflel, to be imported into &c. like * Great Britain, any deals, boards, planks or timber, knowing goods of fo- the fame to be foreign growth or produd, and (hall demand or anf demand-’ *ece*ve f°rany fuch foreign deals, boards, planks or timber, the ■ ing thepre- * reward or premium hereby granted, fuch matter or owner lhall mfum, w for- forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and the (hip or veflel in feiture of the which fuch foreign deals, boards, planks or timber, (hall befo veflel, and fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel and 100 *	furniture, (hall be alfo forfeited $ and the fame (hall and may be

feized, fued for, profecuted and divided, as herein before mentioned.

Recital of XI, And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the thirty ft-cla^Vm	toni year tf the reign of his late majejly King George the Second,

3* Geo. s.	intituled^ An adt for granting to his Majefty a fubfidy of pound-

age upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom ; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate ; and for raiftng the fum of fix millions fix hundred thoo-fand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fubfidy and additional inland duty; it was cnafted and declared, That from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufani feven hundred and fifty nine, there Jhould be charged, levied, colkft-ed and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefjors, for and upon all coffee to be fold in Great Britain, by wholefale or retail, an additional inland duty, to be paid by the re-fpeftive fellers of fuch coffee 5 (that is to fay) for and upon aU toffee

u

Digitized by ^ooQie

435

1765-]	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45;

/<? be fold in Great Britain, an additional duty of one Jhilling per pound weight avoirdupois ; and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, over and above the then prefent inland duty, and over and above all cufloms and duties then payable upon the importation thereof: and whereas it may tend to encourage the growth of coffee in the Britifh dominions in America, and the importation thereof into this kingdom, if the faid additional duty granted by the fend lajl recited aft was dijcont'wued5 be it therefore enabled by the authority a-forefaid, That from and after the fifth day ot July> one thou- te^Juiy fand feven hundred and fixtyfive, the faid additional duty of 1765, the ad-one (hilling per pound weight avoirdupois, for and upon all cof- ditional infee to be fold in Great Britain, granted by the faid laft recitedland duty of aft, (hall ceafe, and be no longer paid or payable: and that in	1all

lieu thereof, from and after the faid fifth day of Jufy9 one thou- coffee fold fand feven hundred and fixty five, there (hall be charged, levied, in Great Bri- , collected and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs tain, by the and fuccefiors, for and upon all coffee, not being of the growth j^eafe 1	**

and product of the Brittjb plantations in America, to be fold in and 6d. per lb. Great Britain by wholefale or retail, an additional inland duty, to be paid in to be paid by the fellers of fuch coffee; (that is to fay) for andlie11 ll?crc®f* upon all coffee, not being of the growth and product of the ^ ofthe Britijh plantations in America, to be fold in Great Britain, an growth of the additional inland duty of fix pence per pound weight avoirdu- Britifh plan-pois; and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, over tations in A-and above the inland duty of two (hillings per pound paid on anTabove^he coffee, granted by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of duties payable his majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repeal- by aft 10 ing certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea9 cocoa G*0* *• nutSy chocolate, and cocoa pafte imported j and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made> and cocoa pafte; and for better afcertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea and cocoa nuts imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Camwath, and over and above all cuftoms and duties payable upon the importation thereof.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The faid duty That the faid additional inland duty hereby granted to his Ma- toberaifed, jefty, (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid, in the fame duty, manner, and under fuch management, and under fuch penalties,

and forfeitures, and with fuch power for recovering the fame, and by fuch rules, ways and methods as the former inland duties payable to his Majefty upon coffee areraifed,levied,colleftedand paid, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, direftions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft, and (hall be paid into the exchequer in like manner, and appropriated to the fame ufes to which the faid duty of one (hilling per pound weight was made applicable.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, Theadditi-That nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be con- 0nal duty of ftrued to extend, to take off the additional duty of one (hilling per lb. laid per pouod vpon coffee granted by the faid recited aft of the thir- "ciled

^ * 2	Geo. a.

Google

4g6	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	45.	[1765',

i* not to be *7 fecond -year of the reign of his late majefty King	the

taken of fuch Second, with refpeft to fuch coffee which now is, or (hall on

&c.

A 61 9 & 10 Will. 3.

coffee, *s is or or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and (hall be lodg- (ixty five, be lodged or fecured in any warehoufe or warehoufes King's ware- *a Pur^uance °f the directions of any former act or adts of par-hou&s before lament in that behalf made; nor (hall the faid additional duty 5 July 1765, hereby granted be charged upon fuch coffee fo lodged or fecured in any nich warehoufe or warehoufes.

XIV. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the ninth and tenth year of the reign of King William the Thirty intituledy An adt for granting to his Majefty a further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, towards railing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, for the fervice of his Majefty’s houftiold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majefty*3 life; and by feveral fubfequent acts of parliament whichare now in force, frueral bounties or drdwbacksy amounting in the whole to twelve fbilUngs per hundred weighty are allowed upon the exportation of fugar refined in this kingdom: now to prevent any frauds that may be pra&iled to the great prejudice of the revenue of the cuftoms by the exportation of fugars not completely refined, and fugars unde from feum, and other trafh and refufe of fugar houfes, under the denomination of refined fugar, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks herein before-mentioned; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the feveral bounties or drawbacks allowed by the faid adls upon refined fugars, (hall ceafe, determine and be no longer paid; and in lieu and inftead thereof, a bounty of fourteen (hillings and fix pence per hundred weight (hall be allowed and paid upon refined fugar exported from Great Britain in the loaf compleat and whole, being net, that is to (ay, of one uniform wbitenefs throughout,

Drawbacks granted by former a&s -on exportation of refined fugars, to ceafe; and 14s. 6d. per Cwt. on loaf fugar properly refined and dri-

ed,'to be paid

fince it was 1

ia lieu thereof, dried in the ftove, according to the prefent practice of refining;

any law, cuftoip or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding. Lump fugars, XV. Provided neverthelefs. That if any of the faid refined duly refined, * fugars, being either in fmall or great loaves, commonly called j_nt|djd to like LumpSy (hall have gone through the operation of three clays, at drawback. ^ fince thCy werc jaft jn tjie pan> ancj ^jj ^ net, and

(hall have been thoroughly dried in the ftove in the manner herein before directed, though fuch loaves be exported without the fmall ends or tips, they (hall be efteemed compleat and whole within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the exporter of the lame (hall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, 5?-™ That from and after the faid firft day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in lieu of all bounties and drawbacks which may have been allowed or paid, heretofore, on all ground iugar, refined fugar called BaftardSy and Ground Sugary and on refined **d c*»dy, fUgar Candyy there (hall be allowed and paid on the ex-

por-

fbrmcr drawbacks on baftards.

1

and which hath gone through the operation of two or more clays laft in the pan, and hath been properly and thoroughly

Digitized by

,7^5*] Anno quinto GeoRGH III. C. 45;	437

portation from Gratf Britain of all refined fugar called Bajiard, ? drawback and of all ground or powdered refined fugar, and of all refined J? allowed of loaf fugar broke in pieces (the faid fugar having been twice clay- Jn’aftCfuch ed and properly dried in the ftove) and on all candy properly '(hall be refined and manufa&ured, and free from dirt and fcum, a boun- duly refined, ty or drawback of fix (hillings and four pence per hundred weight, and no more; which faid feveral bounties or drawbacks of fourteen (hillings and fix pence, and fix (hillings and four pence, herein before granted, (hall be paid and allowed out of any of the duties on which the former drawbacks or bounties on refined fugars were payable.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority a- sUffarf frau. forefaid, That if the proper officers of the cuftoms (hall, upon dulently en-view and examination, either before or after (hipping, find any tered for ex-fugar or candy which (hall be entered for exportation, in order portation, m to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be lefs in quan- th^lSmi. tity than exprefied in the exporter’s indorfement, or entered un- ty,

der a wrong denomination; or if fuch fugars (hall not be re-fpe&ively refined in the manner before directed; or if fuch mavbefeized, candy (hall not be properly refined and manufactured, and free ^rc for* from dirt and fcum, all fuch fugar or candy (hall be forfeited, Cl c * and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of tlie cuftoms, and profecuted according to law.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Before the de-That before any drawback or bounty is paid for any of the fu- benture is gars or candy herein before mentioned, or any debenture made out, re-out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter

or exporters of fuch fugar or candy, (hall make oath before the °aje Qf fuch collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms, that ha or they fugars to the fold fuch fugars or candy, expreffing the quantity, and the time exporter, when, to the perfon or perfons intending to export the fame; and °\the . and that fuch fugars have refpeCtively gone through the opera- q^litytythere. tions herein before exprefied, and have been properly and of, thoroughly dried in the (loves, or that fuch candy has been properly refined and manufactured according to the true intent and meaning of this aft; and, as he or they verily believe, fuch ducccTfrom fugar or candy was produced from Mufcovade (ugar imported Mufcovado from his Maiefty’s plantations in America; and that the feveral fugar of the duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame; and the exporter or exporters of fuch fugars or candy, the duties™ (hall then make oath that fuch fugars or candy, being the fugars paid., or candy for which fuch bounty or drawback is then claimed, Exporter alfo are the identical fugars or candy, or part thereof, which were {^demlt* fold to him as aforefaid by fuch refiner or refiners; and before of fochVugars^ the money due upon fuch debenture or debentures (hall be paid, and of the due fuch exporter or exporters (hall alfo make oath that the faid fu- exportation gars or candy have been duly exported, his Majefty’s fearcher al- hereof, lo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all other requifites dulyRcfiiKr be;n performed according to the book of rates j and whenever the exporter** refiner or refiners of fuch fugar or candy (hall be the exporter to make like or exporters thereof, he or they (hall then make oath, as well oath.

F f 3	of

Digitized by

438	Annoquinto Georgii III. c.45.	[1765.

of the due exportation of the feme, as of the feveral particulars herein before direfted to be fwom to by him or them (excepting what relates to the fale of the faid fugars or candy) according to the true intent and meaning of this aft. a f .	« XIX. And whereas by an aft made in the laft feflion of par-

4. Geo. 1* foment, intituled. An att for granting for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his MajeJly's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, direftly to any part of America to the fouthward of the faid provinces, fubjefi to the like duty as is now paid, on the exportation of rice, from the faid colonies to places in Europejituate to tbe fouthward of Cape Finifterre, which was to be in force for five years, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, liberty is granted to any of his Majeftv’s fubjefts in any (hip or veffel built in Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s colonies in America, or belonging to any ofhisMajeftysfub* jefts, and navigated according to Taw, that (hall clear outwards in any port of the laid provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, to (hip or load rice in the faid provinces, and to carry the feme directly to any part of America fouthward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the fame to any other of his Majefty’a plantations in America, or to Great Britain; under certain limitations, reftriftions, and penalties, therein contained 5 and whereas the granting the like liberty to export rice, in the lame manner, from his Majefty’s colony of North Carolina, to any place in America fouthward of South Carolina or Georgia, may be of great benefit to the faid colony of North Carolina ; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the Liberty given fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, it f° CXSi0Irt»?CC anc* may ke	during the continuance of the faid re-

Carolina, in c*te<* a<^> ^or any	Majdty,s fubjefts, in any (hip or veffel

the fame man* built in Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s colonies in America, or ner as rice belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, and navigated accord-may be ex- ;ng to iaw# that fhall clear outwards in any part of the (aid pro-the recited.Cr Yincc North Carolina, to (hip or load rice in the faid province, aft, from % and to carry the fame direftly to any parts of America fouthward South Caroli- of South Carolina and Georgia, without carrying the fame to any na and other of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or to Great Bri-Georgia.	under the like entries, fecurities, reftriftions, regulations,

limitations, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly direfted, appointed, limited, or enafted, with refpeft to rice carried from South Carolina and Georgia, to any part of America to the fouthward of South Carolina or Georgia, in the faid in part recited aft of the laft feflion of parliament, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

XX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Duties pay- That all duties which (hall arife in relpeft of rice lb carried from ible upon the North Carolina, and the duties which, from and after the faid

*	fifth

Digitized by L,ooQle

17®5-] Anno quinto Georgii III, c. 45.

439

fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, exportation fhall arifb in refped of rice carried from South Carolina and °£ rice from Gtorgia> in pursuance of the faid laft recited a d, be paid into b£° °" the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and there referved, to be, paid into the . from time to time, difpofed of by parliament towards further exchequer, defraying the necefTary expences of defending, proteding, and ^ trr** fecuring, the Britijb colonies and plantations in America.	JJJ*'

XXI.	And whereas, by feveral laws now in force, rice of the foment. growth or produce of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America is, upon importation into, and being landed in Great Britain, fubjed and liable to various duties, all which (except

the half of the old fubfidv) ’are drawn back upon exportation: and whereas fuch rice is frequently imported into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter) Poole^ Southampton, ChicheJlcT) Sandwich) and Glafgow, and the members thereunto belonging, for no other purpofe but to be diredly exported into foreign parts; and the obliging the importers to pay down the full duties in fuch cafes, bath laid them under difficulties, and may be prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom; to remedy which for the future, and in order to give all fitting encouragement to this trade, be it en- Where yefleli aded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of June) one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, where from tbc gri-any fhip or veflel fhall arrive at any of the ports or places before- tifh planta-mentioned, from any of the Britijb plantations in America, with tions, in rice of the growth and production of fuch Britijb plantation, ^mc^ctb*cat and the importer of fuch rice fhall give notice to the colledor a“ove ports, and comptroller of the refpedhe ports or places before-mentioned, wherein fuch (hips fhall arrive, of his intention to export and the whole the whole cargo of fuch rice immediately, in the fame fhip, to cargo is to be foreign parts, and the matter of fuch fhip fhall fo report his car-go accordingly; that then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may [heTmpoiter be lawful for the importer to pay down, in readv money, one may pay half of the old fubfidy, granted by the ad ot tonnage and down but one poundage, parted in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and no more; which fhall not afterwards be 0	u 1

drawn back or repaid on exportation of the fame goods; and the importer of fuch rice fhall and may give bond, with one and give bond or more fufficient fecurities, to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc- for .™e rc_ ceflors, in double value of the rice lo imported, for the pay- ^onfuch" ment of the remaining duties within fixty days from the date of as fhall be fuch bond, for all fuch rice as fhall be landed out of any fhip landed, fo entered and reported; which bond fhall and may be vacated and difeharged upon payment of the faid remaining duties within the time before limited and appointed, or upon the faid rice being duly rcfhipped and exported; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And whereas by an ad made in the laft fertion of par- ciaufe in ad liament, intituled. An aft for granting certain duties in the Britifh 4 Geo. 3, colonies and plantations in Arperica; for continuing, amending, and

making perpetual, an aft pajfcd in the fixth year of the reign of his fate majefjy King George the Second (intituled, An ad for the better

F f 4	fecuring

Digitized by v^-ooQle

440

Anno quinto Georgii III. c.45.	[r7^5«

fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America;) for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to qrife by virtue of the faid alt, towards defraying the expends of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations; for explaining an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the feign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaflland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade); and for altering and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandefline conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade between the fame and Great Britain; it is, amongft other things en-a&ed, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, no iron, nor any fort of wood, commonly called Lumber, as fpecified in an ad parted in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intitul-JL& 8 Geo. 1. ed, An all for giving further encouragement for the importation of navalfores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, of the growth, produdion, or manufadure, of any Britijh colony or plantation in America, (hall be there laden on board any (hip or veflel to be carried from thence, until fufficient bond (hall be given, with one furety befides the mafter of the veflel, to the colledor or e-ther principal officer of the cuftoms at the loading port, in a penalty of double the value of the goods, with condition, that the faid goods (hall not be landed in any part of Europe, except Great Britain, and to bring certificates in difeharge thereof within the refpedive times, and in the manner direded by the faid ad: and whereas it may be expedient to extend the importation of fuch iron to Ireland, and alfo to extend the importation of fuch wood, commonly called Lumber, to Ireland, and to the Madeiras and the weftern iflands called the Azores, and any part of Europe to the fouthward of Cape Finifterre; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day or July one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, any iron, being the produdion or manufadure of any Bri-tijb colony or plantation in America, (hall and may be there laden on board any (hip or veflel to be carried from thence to Ireland•, and alfo that any wood commonly called Lumber, as fpecified in the faid ad of the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty p^SritiSi A- King George the Firft, of the growth or produdion of any Bri-mcrican iron tijb colony or plantation in America, (hall and may, in like man-extended to ner, be there laden on board any (hip or veflel to be carried Ireland; ^rom t^ience to kftland, or to the Madeiras, or the weftern ifles her to Ire- Ga**c^ ^)e Azores, or to any part of Europe to the fouthward of land, theMa- Cape Finifterre, upon fufficient bond being given in the penalty deiras, Azo- and in the manner direded by the faid ad made in the laft fel-r?f» or to any f10n 0f parliament, with condition, that the faid goods (hall be rope fouth of ^erc ^anc*ec^ accordingly, and not in any other part of Europe, Cape Fi- except Great Britain; and that certificates under the hands and nifterre, upon feals of the colledor or other principal officer of the cuftoms re-fiving bond, fident at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed in freland, teftifying (he landing thereof, (hall be produced to the

Digitized by L^ooQle

441

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 45.

colleftor or other principal officer where bond (hall have been given, within eighteen months from the date of fuch bond ; and that for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for, and landed at, the Madeirar, or the weftern ides called The Azores, or any part of Europe to the fouthward of Cape Finifterre, the like certificate (hall be produced within the fame time to the officers before mentioned, under the common feal of the chief magi-ftrate, or under the hand and feal of the Britijh conful, or hands and feals of two known Britijh merchants redding where fuch goods (hall be landed; and upon the producing of fuch certificate or proof upon oath being made by two credible perfons, that the faid goods were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the leas, the faid bond (hall be difchaiged; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty third year aaufc in aft of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intitul- Geo. a. ed, An aft to encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majefty's colonies in America, and to prevent the ereftion of any mill, or other engine, for flitting or rolling of iron, or any plateing forge to work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making fteel in any of the faid colonies; it is, amongft other things, enafted. That no bar iron made in hi» Majefty’s colonies in America, which fhouid be imported from thence into the port of London free of duty, as by the faid recited aft was permitted, (hould be after- am| jn ag 3# wards exported or carried coaftwife to be landed at any other Geo. a. port or place of Great Britain, except for the ufe of his Majefty’s dock yards, under the penalties and forfeitures in the faid recited aft mentioned: and whereas by another aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft to extend the liberty granted by an aft of the twenty third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, of importing bar iron from his Majefty s colonies in America into the port 0/London, to the reft of the ports of Great Britain, and for repealing certain claufes in the faid aft; fuch bar iron may now be imported from the faid Britijh colonies in America into all the ports in Great Britain free of duty; and it will be to the advantage of the faid colonies, as well as to the trade of this kingdom* Repeal of if fuch bar iron was allowed to be exported from Great Britain, ^cited* aftof or carried coaftwife therein; be it therefore enafted by the au- Gco a thority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of June, one prohibiting thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the faid claufe m the be- the exporta-fbre recited aft of the twenty third year of his late Majefty, pro- *iona°* ,[on* hibiting the exportation of fuch bar iron, or carrying the fame the^ame11^ coaftwife in Great Britain, (hall be, and the fame is hereby de- coaftwife. dared to be, repealed.

XXIV.	And whereas the matters of feveral (hips or veflels (ailing from the Britijh American colonies or plantations, have cleared out from thence in ballaft, without taking any goods on board there, purpofely to evade giving bond, as direfted by the before recited aft made in the laft (eflion of parliament, with Condition, that in cafe any molaflcs or fyrups, being the produce

Digitized by

Google

Veflels failing from theBii-tith American plantationi are to give bond, whether any goods ihall be laded on board, or not;

on penalty of being forfeited.

Boats or fmall veflels without decks, carrying gooas of the product or manufacture of the faid colonies, not liable to duties, nor prohibited to be exported, are not obliged to take out a cocket.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45.	[1765^

duce of any of the plantations not under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, ihall be laden on board fuch fhip or veflel, the fame (hall (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or wilful diminution, by the faid (hip or veflel, to fome of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or to fome port in Great Britain ; and the faid a6k 'may, by fuch practices, be rendered ineffectual to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended; for remedy whereof, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty five, the faid bond, with the condition in the faid recited aCt mentioned, dial I be given for every (hip or veflel that (hall fet fail from any Britijb colony or plantation in America, whether any goods (hall be there laden on board any fuch (hip or veflel, or not; and if any (hip or veflel, not having taken any goods on board as aforefaid, (hall fet fail, or proceed from any Britijb colony or plantation in America, before fuch bond (hall be given, fuch fhip or veflel, with her furniture, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted in the manner directed by the faid recited aCt of parliament; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXV.	And whereas in and by the faid recited aCt made in the laft feflion of parliament, it is, amongfl other things ea*r aCted, That a fufferance and cocket (hall be taken from the officers of the cuftoms for all goods, wares, and merchandizes, of any kind whatfoever, which (hall be laden on board any ihip or veflel in any Britijb colony or plantation in America, to be carried from thence to any other colony or plantation, as in th© faid aCt is exprefled: and whereas the requiring fuch fufferances and cockets for goods of the growth or produce of the faid colonies, which are not liable to any duty by any aCt of parliament made in Great Britain, nor prohibited to be carried from the laid colonies, may lay ah unneceflary reftraint upon the trade and correfpondence of his Majefty’s American fubjeds, when fuch goods are carried merely for the ufe and fuftenance of the faid colonies, in boats or fmall veflels without decks which do not go to open fea ; for the eafe therefore of his Majefty’s American lubjeCts in this particular, be it enaCled, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty five, the faid recited aCt (hall not extend, nor be conftrued to extend, to require any perfon to take out any fufferance or cocket for any goods of the growth, product, or manufacture, of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, which are not, by any aCt of parliament made in Great Britain liable to any duty either upon the importation into, or the exportation from, the faid colonies or plantations, nor are prohibited to be exported from thence, which (hall be laden in any boat, flat, (hallop, or other veflel without a deck, not exceeding twenty tons burthen, and (hall be carried within any river, lake, or other inland waters, within the feid colonies or plantations, and (hall not be

carried

Digitized by

Google

443

*7^5'] Anno quinto Georgii III. c# 45. carried out to fea farther than one league from the (hore; any thing in the faid recited alt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And whereas by the faid laft recited alt, made in the laft feffion of parliament, one moiety of all feizures which (hall be made at fea by the commanders or officers of his Majefty’s lhips or veflels of war, duly authorized to make feizures, and of the penalties and forfeitures recovered thereon, in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, firft deducting the charges of profecutions from the grofs produce thereof, is to be paid to Klta or them who (hall feize, inform, or fue for the lame; fubjelt to fuch diftribution as his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, (hall think fit to order and direlt, by any order or orders of council, or by proclamation or proclamations, to be made for that purpofe, as in and by the (aid recited alt may more fully appear: now to obviate any doubts that have arifen, or may arife, concerning the conftrultion of the words feizures

made at fea; it is hereby further enalted and declared by the au- Conftru&ion thority aforefaid. That the faid words, feizures made at fea, in of the words the faid recited alt of parliament, (hall extend, and be coa^ Stixurts made ftrued to extend, to all feizures made by the commanders or** officers of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels ot war, duly authorized r* for that purpofe, any where at fea, or in or upon any river, and * which (hall not be altually made on (hore within any Britijb colony or plantation in America.

XXVII.	And, in order to prevent any difputes concerning what fees the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the Britijb colonies or plantations in America may be intitled to, for making « entries, or other bulinefs done by them in the execution of their refpclt to employments; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, fees payable That until fuch time as the fame (hall be otherwife fettled by to the officers authority of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for all and

every colleKor, and other officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in In i^e BritiS*

any Britijh colony or plantation in Americas appointed by any American

deputation or commiffion from the commiflioners of his Ma- plantations,

jefty’s cuftoms in England, to demand and receive fuch fees as

they and their predecefiors were intitled to demand and receive, Wlfc faded by

on and before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand parliaments *

feven hundred and fixty four; provided the fees fo taken are

pot contrary to the exprefs direction of any alt of parliament

made in Great Britain; and in all and every port or place in

any Britijb illand in the Wejl Indies, where no fees have been . .

received as afojrefaid by any officer of the cuftoms, fuch officer

(hall, from and after the laid fifth day of July, one thoufand	*

feven hundred and fixty five, be intitled to the fame fees as

have been received as aforefaid by the like officers, in the near-

eft port in the faid ifland, before the faid twenty ninth day of

September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and if

no fees have been received as aforefaid by any officer in any

port in the faid ifland, fuch officer (hall, from and after the faid

fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be

intitled to fuch fees as have been received by the like officers in

the

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4$.	[1 76$.

the ifland of Barbadoes% before the laid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and in all and every port or place on the continent of America, within his Majefty’s dominions, where no fees have been received as aforefaid by any officer of the cuftoms, fuch officers {hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be intitled to the fartie fees as have been received as aforefaid by the like officers, in the neafeft port in the faid colony or plantation, on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and {ixty four j and if fio fees have been received as aforefaid by any officer in any port in fuch colony or plantation, fuch officers (hall, from and after the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and fix-ty five, be intitled to fuch fees as have been received by the like officers in the neareft port within any Britijb colony or plantation on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four; and if no fees have been received by any comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms for any port or place within any colony or plantation, or if the fees received by fuch comptroller before the faid twenty ninth day of STtJTbem S*Ptember> onc thoufand feven hundred and fixty tour, have not one third as teen equal to one third part of the fees received as aforefaid by much as the the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms within the fame port or collector of place; it (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July, onc the cuftoms. thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, in every fuch cafe, be lawful for fuch comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to demand and receive for his tees, for any entry or other bufinefs done by him in the execution of his employment, from any merchant or other perfon, a fum equal to one third part of the fees received as aforefaid by fuch collector for the like bufinefs; and every fuch officer (hall have anch be entitled to the fame remedy for recovery of fuch fees, as is or has been heretofore allowed to any Remedy for Colle<Sfcor or other officer; any law, bye-law, or other a<ft of af-thefidd'ifes! fembty made in the faid plantations, to the contrary notwith-ftanding; and if any colle&or, comptroller, or other officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms in America, appointed as aforefaid, {hail exa&, require, or receive, any other or greater fees than fuch as are herein before allowed to be taken, he (hall, for the firft Penalty °f ex~ offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; one moiety of which acting greater pCnajty ft^i t0 his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons aggrieved thereby, who (hall fue for the fame in the proper court in fuch colony or plantation ; and for the fecond offence, he (hall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or cm-* ployment in the cuftoms.

and on the continent.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

CAP.

445

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46,

CAP. XLVI.

An all for altering \tbe ft amp duties upon admfftons into corporations or companies •, and for further fecuring and im~ proving the ftamp duties in Great Britain.

WHEREAS great frauds arc committed in the feveral du-ties of one (hilling refpe&ively impofed (among other duties) on admiflions into corporations and companies, by an a& of parliament made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of A & 5 and 6 their late Majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Will, and Ma-> An aft for granting to their Majefties feveral duties upon vellum, parchment, and papery for four years, towards carrying on the war againjl France; and by another a& of parliament made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his (aid late Majefty King and 9 and 10 William the Third, intituled. An 08 for granting to his Majefty, Will. 3. his heirSy and fuceejfors, further duties upon ftampt vellum, parch-menty and paper \ owing to the faid duties being charged on the admiflions, and not on the entries, minutes, or memorandums, made of fuch admiflions in the court books, rolls, or records, of fuch corporations or companies : your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do therefore befeech your Majefty, that it may be en-a&ed, and be it enalted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, From and af-by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and **** 5 July* temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, tie»5uponad”~ and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the ^ fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the feveral duties upon admiflions into corporations and companies, granted by the faid a<fts, (hall ceafe and determine.	m to ceafe ^

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That t^c fQ| * from and after the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven lowing duties hundred and fixty five, in lieu thereof, the duty herein after t.ake mentioned, be charged, impofed, and paid, throughout the^cutbcreof» the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Ber-wick upon Tweed; that is to fay.

For and upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment* Upon entry i« and for every (heet or piece of paper, upon which mall be in- the court grofled, written, or printed, in the court book, roll, or record book, of every pf any corporation or company, any entry, minute, or memo- j?®*1 *dmif-randum, of any admiflion into any corporation or company,bon* %$* the fum of two millings.

And if any town clerk, or other proper officer, (hall negle& or Officer neg-refufe to make fuch entry, or minute, or memorandum, of fuch leftingor re-admiflion, upon the proper duty, in the court book, or on the montli to ^ roll or record of any fuch corporation or company, within one mafce fuch month after any perfon (hall be admitted into fame, he (hall, entry, forfeits for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

III.	And whaler it ha$ been a common practice to make one

policy

corporations, recited a^s.

Google

446	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C. 46.	[ 1 765.

From and af- policy of affurance on (hips, cargoes, or both ferve for feverai ter $ July* and diftinft purpofes, to the great diminution of his Majefty’s the property* rcvcnuc » to prevent which for the future, be it farther enabled of morethan by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of one perfon, July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, if the proper-arc. m a (hip, ties of more than one perfon in any (hip, cargo, or both, or of boS^allbe morc a Parhcular number of perfons in general partnerfhip affuredforup-or of more than one body politick or corporate, to a greater wards of tool, amount in the whole than the fum of one hundred pounds in in the fame any (hip, cargo, or both, be afliired on the fame policy, fuch the^licy is P°*icy fhaH be void, and the premium paid thereon (hall remain votJfana the the property of the aflurer; and that if any rifque or adventure premium re- diftinft from the rifque or adventure mentioned in the original po-mains to the ficy, and upon which any further premium (hall be given, (hall b*(brer 5 be by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to the manner, in	^ original policy, fuch additional affurance (hall be void, and

cafe of any ad- the premiumpaid thereon (hall remain the property of the aflurer. ditional affurance not duly ftampt.

Any number IV. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to af-maybeaffuredfure, or caufe to be affured, the properties ot any number of °? * P°*icy» perfons whatfoever, in any (hip, cargo, or both, by one policy s each*1*ftamPcd with five damps of five millings each; any thing 5 *	*	herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

The former V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, allowance of That the allowance after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred 61. percent, pounds per annum for fix months, direfted to be made by feverai paymentPof a*s Pafbament paffed in the fird, ninth, tenth, and twelfth the duties, to ycars of the reign of Queen Anne^ and in the twelfth year of the ccafe; reign of King George the Fird, and in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, to every perfon who (hall at one time bring to be damped, or buy of the commiffioners for managing the damp duties, paper or parchment, the duties whereof (hall amount to ten pounds and upwards, after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for fix months, upon the prefent payment of the laid duties, (hall, from and after the (aid fifth day of July, one thou-fond feven hundred and fixty five, ceafe and determine, and from and VI. And hereby furtner declared and enafted by the ao-aftcr 5 July, thoritv aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July* 1765, 4I. per one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, inftead and in cent, cmly to lieu Qf fuch allowance, there (hall be allowed and paid in Great ME"1	to every perfon who (hall at any one time bring to be

(tamped, or buy of the faid commiffioners, parchment or paper, the duties whereof (hall in the whole amount to ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of four pounds in the one hundred pounds, ptr annum for fix months, upon the prefent payment of the (aid duties, at the head office for marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper.

Aft 10 Anne. VII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An oft for laying feverai duties upon all foap and paper made in Great x	Britain

6

Digitized by L^ooQle

447

1765.] Anno quintoGEORGH III. c9 46.

Britain , or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and flriped linens imported; and upon certain Jilts, callicoes, //#*»;, andftuffis9 printed9 painted9 or ftained;	upon feveral kinds offlampedveb*

lum, parchment,	paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamph-

lets , dm/ advertisements ; /ir raiftng the fum of eighteen hundred thoufand pounds by way of lottery towards her Majefty's fupply \ and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs 5 and/or charging certain flocks of cards and dice ; and for better fecuring her Ma-jefty's duties to arife in the office for the ftamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwife 5 and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South fea company) for the ufe of the publick; a ftamp duty of two (hillings and three pence, among other duties, is laid on every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heetor piece of paper, upon which (hould be ingroffed or written any fur-render of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or tenement, within thofe parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any grant or leafe by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor within the fame parts of Great Britain, or any of them other than and except the original furrender to the ufe of a will and the court roll or book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrolled $ and whereas great frauds have been committed in the faid duty by ftewards and others receiving the fame, together with their own fees, without ever making out co^Thold °* or delivering the faid copies j for preventing the fame for the court*, at the future, be it further declared andenafted by the authority afore- time of tak-faid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- Jng the few fand feven hundred and fixty five, if any fteward or other officer tanwiu1 of any copyhold court (hall demand, take, or receive, from any ^Tts^rleaf-perfon whatfoever, any fee or fees for any fuch furrender, ad- e$, &c. are to mittance, grant, or leafe, or any other copy of any court roll, demand the without at the fame time demanding and receiving the ftamp du- ^“Seliw ty due thereon, and delivering fuch furrender or admittance, fwcjj furrcil. grant or leafe, or copy to the perfon entitled thereto 5 then, and ders, &c. in every fuch cafe, every fuch fteward or other officer (hall, for on penalty of every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds. ,o1,

VIII.	And whereas by the faid aft of the tenth of Queen ciaufe in aft Anne, and alfo by an aft of parliament made in the thirti- 10 Annse. eth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties Upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertifements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying^ from a certain time, the /urns of money ariftng from the fur-plus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors; and for • raiftng the fum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates f duties and Jums of money \ and for making perpetual an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti-tulcd, An aft for the better regulation of attomies and folicitors;

and

Digitized by

Google

No damps to be delivered out for pamphlets or

Card makers to fend paper to the (tamp office, in order to have a fufficient number of aces of fpades marked.

one of which is to be i each i

448	Anno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 46.

end for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and aifo the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks and apprentices > the printers and publifhers only, and not the proprietors, of news papers, and other papers and pamphlets, are made fubje6t and liable to the duties impofed on ad-vertifements, whereby great Ioffes happen to the revenue; be it therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, neither the commilfioners of the (lamp duties, news papers, nor any °®cer to be appointed by them for diftributing (lamped till fecurity be vellum, parchment or paper, (hall fell or deliver any (lamped given for the paper for printing any pamphlet, or any publick news, intelli-duties for the gence or occurences, to be contained in any one (heer, or any mentsto be *e^cr Piece PaPer» the perfon applying for the fame (hall printed there- firft give fecurity to his Majefty for the payment of the duties for on.	,	the advertifements which (hall be printed therein or thereupon.

IX.	And whereas great frauds and abufes are committed in the duties impofed, by feveral ads of parliament, on playing cards in Great Britain; for preventing whereof, be it further en-aded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, every maker of playing cards in Great Britain, (hall fend to the commifiioners for the (lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officers, a fufficient quantity of paper, in order to have as many feveral aces of fpades marked or imprefied thereon as fuch maker (hall defire ; and that no pack of play-be put in jng cards made for play in Great Britain, or for exportation, (hall Pack»	be ufed in play, or exported, without one of fuch aces of fpades

and a new	marked or imprefied, as herein after is mentioned and dire&ed;

damp is to be an(j that the faid commifiioners for the (lamp duties (hall, in-Sirpofcr thC ftea<* of the prefent mark or (lamp imprefied on the ace of fpades caufe a new (lamp, mark, or plate, to be prepared, with fuch with a diftin- ^ev*cc as they ^a^ think proper, to denote the faid ace of ipades guiffiing mark as well *n every pack of cards made for ufe or play in Great Bri-between cards tain, as in every pack of cards made for exportation, fo as that for home, and in fuch device there (hall be fome diftinguifhing mark between card* for fo- cards for home, and cards for foreign confumption; and that (bmpdon'i the commilfioners (hall, from time to time, renew, alter, or add to, fuch device as they (hall think proper, and they are X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, aifo to (end to That every maker of cards (hall, from and after the laid fifth the office day 0f July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, fend rs or to the faid commifiioners of the (lamps, or their officers, jews or wrappers made for inclofing cards for ufe or play in Great Britain, with his name, and any other particular word or thing printed thereon, as the faid commifiioners (halldiredh in order that the fame may be (lamped, and delivered again, from time to time, to fuch maker, as occafion (hall require; and that from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, the faid commifiioners of the (lamp duties (hall 2	and

wrappei inclofing the cards, with their names &c. printed thereon.

which are to be ftampt with one of

Digitized by v^ooQle

1765*] Anno qtiinto GfcORGn III. €*4<F.	449

and may denote One of the fix penny duties charged on playingPSMn>\ cards in Great Britain on fuch jew or Wrapper.	on card

XI.	Arid be it further declared and enacted by the authority Anri feparate aforefaid, That frdm and after the faid fifth day of Jx/y, one accounts are thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, feparate and diftindt ac- to bekept counts (hall be kept by the proper ofiicer of the (lamp duties

with every card maker of the carcW made by him fdr ufe or play cards made in Great Britain, and of thofe made for exportation 5 the charges for home, and in which faid feveral accounts (hall be made out againft him0ft,10fef°r from the number of aces of fpades, lavels, and jews or wrappers, delivered; and every fuch card maker (hall, once in every twenty *1,^1, are t0 eight days, attend at the (lamp office, or on the diftributor of be fettled one* ftamps next adjacent to the place where he (hall make cards, and a month, adjuft, fettle, and fign the fame; and in cafe any difference (hall arife in fettling fuch accounts, then fuch card maker (hall im~ mediately, or within one week after, if he carries on his trade within ten miles of London; and, if at a greater diftance, thenan<j arty dif*. within twenty days, apply to the faid commiflionefs of the (aid f^rencearifing duties to fettle the fame, whofe determination (hall be final; thereupon, is and if any fuch card maker (hall negledt or refufe to apply as aforefaid, then fuch accounts, whether figned or not by him, doners, fhall be deemed conclufive, and be admitted in evidence againft him.

XII.	And be it funher enadted by the authority aforefaid, Where cards That in cafe any pack of playing cards, or part of any pack of fhall be fpoiled playing cards, (hall be damaged, defaced, or fpoiled, in making inthcmakinS* the fame, fo as to be rendered unfit for play; then, on oath

made thereof by the maker (which oath the (aid commiffioners of the ftamp duties, or any three of them, are hereby impower-ed to adminifter) fuch maker (hall be allowed by fuch coramif- the commit (toners another ace of fpades, inftead of the ace fo damaged, doners are to defaced, or fpoiled, with any fuch pack, or part of any luch a^fT°cittr pack, of playing cards, on producing and delivering to the faid rf^th* commiffioners fuch damaged, defaced, or fpoiled ace.	ed one.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Maker mak-That if any maker of cards (hall ufe, in the making up any mg up any pack of cards, any ace of fpades, jew, or wrapper, that has been acc.°i

ufed before; then every fuch card maker (hall, for every fuch before * foi^it 9 offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.	101,

XIV.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That and the feller

if any perfon (hall, from and after the paffing of this adt, fell or buyer of or buy any fuch ace of fpades, jew, or wrapper, in order to be	acc

made ufe of in, about, or for the inclofing, any pack or parcel inordw of cards j every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, to be fo made forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.	ule of, forfeits

XV.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority alf° *°k aforefaid. That if either the buyer or feller of any fuch ace °f ty informing* fpades, jew, or wrapper, (hall inform againft the other party fhallbcadnyu concerned in buving or felling fuch ace of fpades, jew, or wrap- ted to give per 1 the party (o informing mall be admitted to give evidence evidence,

Vql. XXVI.	G	g	againft

Digitized by Google

450	Annoquinto	Gborgh	III.	[1765.

*aa t* indem* againft the party informed againft, and (hall bo indemnified a-wfied. gainft the penalties fa by him or her incurred.

Penalty on XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, fraudulently That if any perfon whatsoever (hall re-land, or caufc or procure card* for^ex. to bc rc"^an{*c^» any parcel of cards* after the fame (hall be en-portation, * tcr€<^ anc* flapped for exportation in any port or place, other than the port tar place to which fuch cards are configned, every fuch is so !• perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the film ertf fifty pounds.

aid any of XVII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority fOTr^rT fhaU a^orc^a^> That if any perfon concerned in the re-landing of fee admfttedto	exportation cards, (hall inform againft any other party

give evidence, concerned, the perfon fo informing (hall be admitted to gave c-and be indem- vidence againft the party informed againft, and (hall be indem-mfied. nified againft the penalties fo by him or her incurred.

Claufe in aft XVIII. And whereas by an a& of parliament made in the a Anne. ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Annc9 intituled, An a& for tbe laying certain duties up$n candles \ and certain rates upon monies to be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raifing her Majefty s fupply for tbe year one tbeufand /even hundred and ten, the duty, rate, or fum of fix pence, for every twenty (hillings of every fum of fifty ppuads or under ; and the duty, rate, or fum or one (hilling, for every twenty (hillings of all and every fum and fums amounting to more than fifty pounds, which (hould be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, every clerk, apprentice, or fervant, which (hould be, within the kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed 16 or with any mafter or miftrefs, to learn any profeflion* track, or employment, and proportionally for greater or lefier fums, was charged and impofed on the faid matters or miftrefles rc-fpectivtly: and whereas great ingonveniencies arife in colfafting the faid duties, for want of proper entries being made and kept by the chamberlain and other proper officers of cities and corporate towns, and companies, of the names of the mafter or rfnftrefs, and clerk, apprentice, or fervant ; the place of abode of fuch mafter or mirtrefis; the date of the indenture, covenant, articles, or contract; the fum of money given, paid, contraded, or agreed for, and the profeflion, trade, or employment, which fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, is to learn: for remedying whereof, be it further enafted and declared by the authority a-Wbere the	forefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July* one

freedom of	thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, every chamberlain and

wrawnyTi other proper officer of every city and corporate town, and cona-obtainedby pany, within the kingdom of Great Britain,* where any dark or fervitude, the apprentice, or fervant, obtains his freedom by Servitude, (hall chamberlain, fairly write and enter in feme book or books to be kept for that Mr office^?*	t^ie	names	°f all inch clerks, apprentices, add (servants,

' to enter the* as (nail be put or placed out within the jurifdijftion of fuch city names of all or town corporate, and alfb the names and places of abode of perfon* pat	the mailers or miftrefies, and the fums of money given, paid,

apprentices	contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to^ fuch clerks.

Digitized by i^-ooQle

1765.] Anno quinto GbgrgII III. C. 4$;	491

Apprentices, or Currants, and the profeflwn, trade, or employ- or fervants, tnent, which they are refpe&ively to learn ; and the dates the indentures, covenants, articles, or contracts, by which "bode ofthe foch clerks, apprentices, or (ervams, are refpecftiiely put and matters, the placed out ; and if any chamberlain or other proper officer (hall apprentice regledtor refufe to make any fuch entry, in man her as above fee®’	.

fet forth, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the Cum of inJ twenty pounds.	tures, &c.

XIX. Ahd be it further declared and enaded by the autho- on forfeiture

rity aforebid, That aH printed ihdehtures, covenants, articles, °*J°Jv f .

or contrafts, for binding clerks or apprentices In Great Britain, fowin_ notiet

after the (aid fifth day of July One thoufand feven hundred ahd to be printed

forty five, (hall have the following notice or memorandum under all

printed under the fame; videlicet, printed in-

dentures* eft

TH E indenture, covenant, article, er contra^, mujfl bear date The Aodct.

the day it is executed ; and what money or other thing is given or contracted for with the clerk or apprentice, muft be inftried in words at length; and the duty paid to the flamp office, if in London, vr within the weekly bills of mortality, within one month after the execution^ and if in the country, and out of the faid Mils of mortality, within two months, to a distributor of the Jlamps, or his fubjlitute; otherooife the indenture will be void, the majler or mfirefs forfeit fifty pounds, and another penalty, and the apprentice be difabled to folhw bis trade, or be made free.

A

And if any printer, (lationer, or other perfon or performs, (hall fell, or caufe to be fold, any fuch indenture, covenant, article, or contra A, without fuch notice or memorandum being printed under the feme; then, and in every ftfch cafe, fuch prints, ftationer, or other perfon or perfons, (hall, for every fuch of- on forfeiture fence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.	of 10I.

XX.	And whereas by an aA of parliament made in the ciaufe in a& twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George *9Gco. the Second, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for ejlablifhing a method for granting fuch licences in Scotland; and for allowing fuch licences io be granted at a petty feffion in England, in a certain cafe therein mentioned; it is, amongft other things, enaAed, That from and after the feaft of Eafter, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty fix, there fhould be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raifed, levied, colleAed, and paid, to his faid then Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, for the purpofes therein mentioned, a duty of twenty (hillings for every piece of vellum, or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which fhould be engrofled, written, or printed, any licence for felling ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, over and a-bove all other duties chargeable thereupon: and whereas feve-ral provifions are therein and thereby made, for the duly railing, lcvving, colleAing, and paying, the fame duty :’and whereas it is round, by experience, that the faH rrnvifions are not fufiicient

G g 2	for

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46.	£1765.

for that purpofe, in that part of Great Britain called England* the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed ; and that, by divers frauds and other ill pra&jces, the crown has been, from time to time, defrauded of a great part of the faid duty, and it is rendered difficult to conviCt the offenders: for remedy whereof, and for the further and better fccuring the raifing, levying, collecting, and. paying, of the faid duty for the future, and for preventing fuch frauds and ill practices, and for rendering the conviction of the offenders more eafy in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales* and town Retailers of Qf Berwick upon Tweedy be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, other cxcifc- That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou (and able liquors^ feven hundred and fixty five, every victualler, or alehoufc to exhibit, on keeper, and every perfon felling ale, or beer, or other excifeable demand, their liquors, by retail; and every perfon permitting or fufFering any offiw ap-thC	or *5ccr> or other excifeable liquors, to be fold by retail,

pointed by thein his, her, or their houfe, outhoufe, or yard, garden, orchard, commiflioners or other place, in that part of Great Britain called England* the for ftamps, dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* do asd ihall, on demand to him or her made by any officer appointed by the commiffioners for the time being to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, produo and (hew to fuch officer or officers, fo demanding the fame, his or her licence to fell ale, or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by and to permit retail; and (hall permit fuch officer, at his own expence, to take him ^ neof* an<* ^ave a coPy	on	demand: and in cafe any fuch vk-

copy erect; tuajjcrj or a]choufe keeper, or other perfon felling ale, or beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, or other perfon or perfons lo permitting or fuffering any ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, to be fold by retail in his, her, or their houfe, or outhoufe, yard, garden, orchard, or other place as aforefaid; (hqll refufe or ne-gleCt fo to do, then every fuch victualler, or alchoufe keeper, or perfon felling ale, or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail ; or fo permitting or fuffering any ale, beer, or other exrife-able liquors, to be fold by retail in his, her, or their houfe, or on forfeiture outhoufe, yard, garden, orchard, or other place as aforefaid, of 40s.	(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

Clerks of the XXI. And be it further enaCied by the authority aforefaid, peace, town That for the better detecting of fuch frauds and ilL practices, and clerks, and	preventing the fame for the future, every clerk of the peace of

deTks°or	or ^or county, riding, or divilion, in each county in that

theirdeputies, Part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wain, are to deliver, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, or perfon aChng upon demand, as fUch . an(j every clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or com-of the ft amp mon cier^ or perfon aCting as fuch, of or for every city, town, duties, lifts of anc* liberty, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the the feveral dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed* wbece perfons licenf- licences to fell ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, are, pur-h^r°o7other ^uant t0 ^aic* to P*antcd by the juftices or magiftrates excifeable li- or f°r fuch city, riding, uivifion, town, or liberty, and of the quors,	faid town of Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, or perfon aCting

as fuch, da and flttll,. on demand tq him maue by any officer ot

thf

Digitized by

1765-] AnnoquintoGEORGil III. c. 46.	453

the (lamp duties for that purpofe, or within the (pace of three days next after fuch demand (hall be fo made, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to fuch officer a true lift of the names and places of abode of all the victuallers, alehoufe keepers, and other per-fons then licenfcd to fell ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, within every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, or liberty; and that on the delivery thereof, fuch officer of the ^ paying for (tamp duties (hall pay to fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, fuch body iq. or perfon acting as fuch, or to fuch town clerk, or common foreach Iicenf-clerk, or his deputy, or perfon a&ing as fuch, for the making out ** J^onr mjL and writing every fuch lift, after the rate of one farthing for ^	10	uc

every licenfed perfon whofe name (hall be therein inferted; alf which monies fo paid (hall, from time to time, be allowed to every fuch officer of the damp duties in his account; and in cafe if fuch lift any fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or perfon a&ing as frail be re-fuch, or any fuch town clerk or common clerk, or his deputy, fufe<l,or de-or perfon a&ing as fuch, (hall refufe or negladt fo to do by the ^ven iiTim-fpace of three days next after fuch demand (hall be fo made, or perfect,

(hall not infcrt in fuch lift a full, true, and perfeft account of the names and places of abode of all the perfons the fame ought to contain ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo the offender offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five forfeits 5!. pounds. v

XXII. And whereas by the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* perfons felling ale or beer, or other excife-a(>le liquors, by retail, without licence, are liable and fubjedt by different laws to different penalties and punifhments, which has occafioned much confufion, and an ill and improper ufe has been made thereof in many inftances: for the prevention whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefrid, That from Infteadof the and after the fifth day of July* one thouland feven hundred and PccuniaiT an<* fixty five, every perfon lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer,	S|Un"

or other excifeable liquors, by retail, after that day, in that part flitted by for-of Great Britain called England* the dominion of Wales, or the mer atti, on town of Berwick upon Tweed* without being duly licenfed fo to j£tailcr? o{ do, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and undergo the feveral	no

penalties and punifhments herein after mentioned and provided ikenied, in that behalf, inftead and in lieu of the feveral pecuniary and corporal punifhments which they are now liable or fubje& to by any law now in force; that is to fay, for the firft offence the they are to fum of forty (hillings, and alfo the coils and expences of con- C°^citf{.^ortht vi&ing fuch offender; and in cafe fuch fum, together with the ,°and cofts charges and expences of convi&ing fuch offender, (hall not be of convittjon $ paid within the fpace of fourteen days next after fuch convic- and. on non-tion, that then the offender (hall fuffer imprifonment for the payment, are fpace of one month, unlefs he or (he (hall fooner pay fuph pe- ^i^edXr nalty, and the cofts, charges, and expences of fuch conviction, month j and executing the fame: and for the fecond offence, the fum for the fecond of four pounds, and alfo the cofts and expences of convicting offence 4.1, filch offender; and in cafe fuch fum, together with the charges ^	«m-

Digitized by

Google

454	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c. 4	[1765.

payment, to and expences of convifting fbch offender the fecand time, (hall be committed not ^ Wlthin the fpace of one week next after fbch foeond or two ccmviftion, that then the offender fhall fuffer imprisonment far the fpace of two months, unlefe he or (he (hall fooner pay fbch penalty of four pounds, and the cofts, charges, and expences of fbch fecond convi&ion, and executing the fame: and for the third offence, the fun? of fix pounds, and alfo the cofts and expences of eonvifting fitch offender; and in cafe fuch fum of ffx pounds, together with the charges and expences of convifting fuch offender the third time, fhaU not be paid within the fpace be committed pf three days next after fuch third conviftion, that then the of-and3the like* ’ f8nc^er	fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of three months,

penalty and uolefe he or (he fhall (boner pay fuch penalty of fix pounds, pu ni foment ta and the coffs, charges, and expences or fuch third conviftioa the third, for and executing the feme ; and the like penalty and punishment every iuhfe- every other offence after the third offence and conviftion ^i^cotts are thereof, as for the faid third offence; all which feid cofts and to be fettled expences (hall be afiefied, fettled, and afeertained by the juftice by the juitices; 0r juftices of the peace before whom fuch offenders (hall rofi>ec-ties m b^a ^	conv^C(*; any kw* ftatute, or cufrorp, to the con-

months;

for the third offence 6 and cofts, and, on nonpayment, to

plied* one moiety to the crown, and the other moiety and cofts to the profecutor.

The juftices

trary thereof in any wife not with (landing: all which penalties and forfeitures (halt go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety thereof, and alfo ah fbch cofts, charges, and expences, to be afteffed or afceroained as aforefaid, to the profecutor or profecutors of cveiy fuch offender or offenders.

XXIIl. And be it fiirther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juf-are authorized tioe or juftices of the peace, fdr the time being, of the county to hear and place where any of the faid offences againft this aft, or the raldo^euccft ^ krmer foaH be committed, to hear and determine the io a January feme offences in a fummary way ; which faid jufticc and juftices way,	of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any in-

formation exhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, to or before him or them, to fiunmon the party or parties a ecu fed, and alfo the witnefles on either fide (if they fhall be required to fummon any fuch witnefles) and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party or parties accufed by not appearing, to proceed to examine and hear the matter in a fumniaFy way; and alfo to examine fuch witneflfes on oath as fhall be produced therein (which oath fuch juftice and juftices refpeftively is or are hereby impowered to give and adminifter) and to give his or their judgement thereon; and in cafe he or they (half conrriS. the party or parties fo accufed or complained againft, of the offence laid to his, her, or their charge, and fuch party or parties (hall refufe or negleft to pay the penalty orTpenahies for which he, (he, or they, Sand conviftcd, within the time herein before mentioned for that purpofe, together with the cofts of fuch conviftion or conviftions/to be anefled, fettled, and afeertained, as aforefaid; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch juftice and juftices, and he and they,

and

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1765*]	Anno	quinto OeoR6ii IU. c.46.	455

and each df them, is add are hereby authorized and required to iflue his or their warrant or Warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, for the apprehending and copimit^ . ting to prifon every fuch offender, for fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the nature of the offence (hall require, according to the true intent and meaning of this tA.

XXIV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, vyitnefles be* That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fumiftoned as a witnefs fog duly Tumor witnefles to give evidence .before any fuch juftice or juftices moned, neg-of the peace, touching any of the matters aforefaid, either on the lc^ng or rc-part 01 the profecutor, or of the perfon or perfons accufed, and ^ar (whhout ihall negleA or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for rcafonable that purpofe appointed, without a rcafonable excufe for fuch caufe (hewn) his, her, or their negkA or refufa), to be allowed of by fuch

juftice or juftices of the peace ; or, appearing, (hall refufe to be or to give evi-examined on oath, and give evidence before fuch juftice or juf- dence, forfeit tices of the peace before whom the profecution (hall be depend- +°s' ing; that then, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied and paid in iuch manner, and by fuch means, as are herein before direAed as to other penalties.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed, That if any perfon or per- Perfons ag-fons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by the grieved by the judgement or conviAion of any juftice or juftices of the peace, judgement or for any of the offences aforefaid, and (hall give fecurity to the a°juft\ce^and fatisfaAkm of fuch juftice or jdfticds of the peace for fhe payment giving fecu-of the penalty, cofts, and expences, to be expreffed in the war- rity,

rant or warrants of diftrefs on fuch conviAion; that then, and in every fuch cafe, after fuch fecurity given, and not otherwife, m appeal to it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch offender and offenders the quarter to appeal from and again# fuch conviAion or convictions, to the feflions, juftices of the peace afleihbled at the next quarter feflions of the peace to be held for iuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, citv, town, or place, unlefs fuch feflions of the peace (hall be heid within fix days or lefs next after fuch conviAion or convidtions (hall be fo had or made; and in that cafe to the juftices of the peace to be affembled at the next feflions after foch feflions, and who m to not afterwards; and that the juftices of the peace aflembled at jjear amj j©. foch feflions, (hall thereupon proceed to hear and determine the termine the matte* of every fuch appeal, and their judgement thereon (hall matter finallys be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; andiftheyad-and in cafe the juftices of tho peace foatfembled at fuch feflions, judge the ap-(hall find and adjudge any fuch appeal to be frivolous or vex-	he

atious, it (hall and may be lawful to and for them to give vScat^w °r and adjudge to the party or parties grieved by fuch appeal, his award or their reafonable cofts and charges occafioned thereby, not etf- cods, ceeding in the whole the fum of five pounds on any one ap- not exceeding peal.

XXVI.	And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious ap-Form peals, be k further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That a viftiom conviction in the form or to the effeA following, Mutatis mn~

G g 4	tandisy

Digitized by L^ooQie

456	A*1110 quinto Georgii III. c. 46.	[1765.

tandis* as the cafe (hall happen lo be9 (hall to good-and effectual to all intents and purposes wbatfoever, without Rating thP cafe, or the fads or evidence in any more particular manned (that is to fay)

Middlefex (T. T)E it remembered* That on this

il d'iy of	in	the	year

A. B. of, &c. was duly conviftcd before me C. D. one of his Afajejifs jujlices of the peace for the county <?/vMiddlefex, *r before us C. D. and E. F. two of bis Majeffs jufices of the peace for the /aid county of Mid-dlefex (as the cafe (hall happen to be) for felling ale cr beer * or other excifeable liquors (as the cafe (hall happen to be) without being duly licenfed fe to da* according to the Jlatutes in futh cafe made and provided* tvhereby he, Jhe* or they* has or have forfeited the fum of	this	being	the frf*

• fecond, or third offence (as the cafe (hall happen to be) beftdes the cojls and expetues of this cosevi&ion; which cojls. and expences / the faid jujlice of the peace* or we the faid jujlices of the peace (as the cafe (haU happen to be) do hereby afeertain and affefs* at the Jum of	purfuant	to the Jla-

lute in futh cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal, or our hands and feals {as the cafe Jhall happen to be) the day and year above written.	*

Where the

juftices of the peace in Scotland fiiall not attend to admit and li-cenfe retailers of beer, and other excifeable liquors, purfuant to ad 29 Geo. t.

the clerks of the peate, and of the royal boroughs mav tiTuefuch licences.

XXVn. And whereas the faid laft mentioned ad of parliament, made in the twenty ninth year cf the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, has not been duly carried into execution by the juftices of peace, the magiftrates of royal boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* and in other refpeds hath been found defedive and ineffeduai, in that part of the united kingdom : for remedy whereof, be iten-aded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred.and fixty five, in cafe the juftices of peace of any (hire or ftewartry, or the magiftrates of any royal borough, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ (hall in this, or any fucceeding year, negled to afiemble upon the days, and at the time and places, mentioned in the a-forefaid ad, in order to admit and licenfe for the year then next enfuing, fuch and fo many perfons as they (hall think meet and convenient, to keep ale houfes, tippling houfes, vidualling houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, within their refpedive (hires, ftewartries, and boroughs, according to the diredions of the aforefaid ad j then, and in that cafe, it (hall be lawful to the clerk of the peace of any fuch (hire or ftewartry, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of any fuch royal borough, or hi$ lawful deputy refpedively, and they are

hereby

Digitized by

457

j.765.3 Anno quinto Georg 11 III. c. 46.

hereby required, after making an entry or record, that the juftices of peace, or magiftrates aforefaid, had negleded to aflemble in purfuance of the aforefaid ad, to deliverer caufe to be delivered, to every perfon living or refiding within fuch (hire or (lew-artry, or royal borough or liberties thereof refpedively, who (hall apply for the fame, (unlefs fuch perfon (hall be difqualified to have a licence by this or any former alt) a licence ingrofied, written, or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment, or pa- being firft per, (lamped as by the aforefaid ad is direded, with a (lamp duly ftampt denoting the payment of the duty of twenty (hillings, (igned thc by the derk ot the peace of fuch (hire or (lewartry, or the clerk pt fuch royal borough, or their lawful deputies refpedively 5 for each of wnich licences there (hall be paid and payable the fums and they are mentioned in the aforefaid adl, and no more 5 and which licen- t^S5up°thin* ces fo (igned and delivered by the derk of the peace of any (hire	C

or (lewartry, or the clerk ot any royal borough, or their lawful fees, deputies refoedively, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, as

S'ood and effectual to the receiver or receivers thereof, as if the a me had been allowed, granted, and (igned, in a meeting of the juftices of peace of fuch (hire or (lewartry, or of the magi-ftrates of fuch royal borough; any thing in the aforefaid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Where it (hall in cafe the juftices of the peace of any (hire or (lewartry, or the he neceffary, magiftrates of any royal borough, aflembled, upon the days apT thc ^pointed by the aforefaid ad for executing the powers thereby ^^purpofi 'committed to them, (hall find it neceflary, it (hall and may be of *he (arid lawful for them to continue or adjourn their meeting to the next may Jawful day, and no longer; and in cafe the juftices of peace of c0™”™**

«y (hire or (lewartry, or the magiftrates of any royal borough, *r feting mil nqt upon one or other of thefe days, compleatly execute to the next tne powers committed to them by the aforefaid ad, by allowing lawful day§ or refuting the petition or claim of every perfon within their fe-yeral diftrids, who (hall apply to them for a licence to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquor by retail; then, and in that cafe, an(j fucjj 0f it (hall be lawful to the clerk of the peace of fuch (hire or (lew- the bufmefs artry, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of fuch royal bo- ai (hall not be rough, or bis lawful deputy refpedively, and they are hereby tfcnt^>rat5^ required, after making an entry or record that the faid juftices Merits of the of peace, or magiftrates, had not compleatly executed the pow- peace, &c. are ers committed to them by the aforefaid ad, to deliver, or caufe to finiflsi to be delivered, to every perfon who (hall have fo applied to the juftices of peace, or magiftrates aforefaid, and upon whofe application no deliverance or order (hall have been made as aforefaid, a licence duly figned by fuch clerk as above direded 5 and the which (hall be as good and eftedual to the receiver thereof, as cences fo* if the fame had been allowed, granted, and aflkned, in a meet- granted are ing of the faid juftices or magiftrates refpedively *, any thing in **^1 the aforefaid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	Provided always. That no clerk of the peace, or of but all fuch any royal borough, or their deputies, (hall grant any licence licences muft

under ** gramiod

Digitized by (^.ooQle

within 3 days after the times appointed for the juftices iflaing' the fame.

Clerk of the peace, See. refuting to fig* and deliver fuck licences, forfeit 10L to the party, with full cofts of fuit.

They are to snake up, annually, lilU of the perfons li-cenled within their refpec-tive diftrilb 3

which are to be kept upon record* and figned by them i

and they are to tranimit an attefted copy thereof,before 1 Dec. annually, to the collector of the itamp duties at Edinburgh,

on forfeiture of iol. .

and if any per-fon (hall be wilfully omitted

or wrongfully infected in fuch lifts, the clerk is.to forfeit 4.0s. for fuch omiflion*

Annoquinto Georg n III. c. 46.	£1765.

under this a&, at any other time than within three dm follow* ing the day9 appointed by this, or any former a&, for the jnfttccs of peace, or magistrates of royal boroughs, to grant the fame.

XXX.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any clerk of the peace, or of any royal borough, or their deputies, (hall, in either of the cafes above exprefied, refute to fign and deliver fuch licence to any perfon applying for the lame as aforefaid, each of them fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to each and every perfon to whom, or for whole behoof, fuch licence ought to hare been delivered as aforefaid, the foot of ten pounds, with full cofts of foil, to be (bed for and recovered before the fheriff or ftewart court of the fhire or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending (hall refide, in manner herein after directed.

XXXI.	And be it further enaltcd by the authority aforefaid. That the clerk of the peace of each dure or ftewartiy, and the clerk of each royal borough refpdtivdv, fhall be holden and obliged annually to make up a true ana exalt lift, in a book or regifter to be kept for that purpofe, of the names, additions, and places of abode, of all perfons within their refpdtivc dif-trills, to whom licences for retailing ale, beer, or other explicable liquors, (hall be delivered in porfuance of this or the aforefaid alt; which lift fhall be figned in the book or regifter afore- | fo id, by the clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry, or ckrt j of each royal borough, or their lawful deputies rcfpe&iveiy, and fhall be carefully preferred with the other records under their care; and the clerk of the peace of each (hireor ftewartry, and the clerk of eachf royal borough, and their deputies refpe&ively, fhall be holden and obliged, on or before the firft day of £b~ ccmbtr in this and every year, to tranfimt to the cofiedor of the ftamp duties at Eiinbwrghy an exalt copy of fuch lift, taken from the faid book or regifter, duly attefted and figvied by fuch clerk or hie deputy ; and in cafe any clerk of the peace, or of any royal borough aforefaid, or their deputies, dull negied or foil to make up and fign fach lift, in a book or regifter as a~ hove direHed, or (hall negtelt or fail to tranfaiit an exall copy of fuch lift, as entered in the faid book or regifter, to the ooi-ledor of the ftamp duties at Edinburgh, as above required, the perfon or perfons offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; to be fued for and recovered before the ftieriff or ftewart court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending thall refide, in manner herein after direltcd; and in cafe any clerk of the peace, or clerk of any royal borough, or their deputies, (hall wilfully omit to in-feet in the aforefaid regifter, or in the copy thereof to be transmitted as aforefaid, the name of any perfon who (hall be Hcenf-ed to retail ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, within their feveral diftrilts; or fhall wilfully infert in fuch regifter, or copy thereof to be tranfmitted as aforefaid, the name of any perfon as Keenfed,who (hall not have been fo licenfed 3 fuch clerk (hall, for every foch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings for

each

Digitized by

Google

1765*]	Anno	quinto Gborgii III. c. 46.	459

each perfon licenfed, whofe name (hall be omitted to be inferted ‘

in the faid rcgiftcr, or copy thereof to be tranfmitted as afore-

faid; and five pounds for each pcrfon not licenfed, whofe name and 5I. for

(halt be inftrted in fuch regifter, or copy thereof; to be fued fuch wrong

for and recovered before the (heriff or ftewart court of the (hire in c lon‘

or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending (hall refide,

in manner herein after directed.

XXXII.	And whereas perfons may prefume to keep ale houfes, tippling houfes, or victualling houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other cxcifeable liquors, by retail, without fuch licence as is hereby and by the above recited a Ct required 5 be it enaCted by

the authority aforefaid, That every perfon in that part of Great Perfons in Britain called Scotland, who, after the tenth day of November, tomhad one thoufend feven hundred and fixty five, (hall keep an ale JhfrexrifeSe houfe, tippling houfe, or victualling houfe, or (hall fell ale, beer, liquor*, byre-or other excifeable liquors, by retail, except in fairs, without tail, not being being licenfed thereunto, according to the directions of this and du,T hccnfcd, the for mer aCt above recited, and (hall be thereof convicted in manner herein after-mentioned ; every fuch offender (hall for- forfeit, for the feit and pay, for the firft offence, the fum’ of thirty (hillings; firft offence, for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings; and for the	th€

third, or any fubfequent offence, the fum of five pounds; and (hall, after the faid third offence, be incapable of keeping an ^rd, or any ale houfe, tippling houfe, or victualling houfe, or of felting ale fubiequent of-beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, or of having any fence, 5I. and licence for fuch purpofe thereafter; all which refpeCtive penal- *** difqualifi-tles and forfeitures, for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable li- c quors, by retail, without licence, (hall and may be fued for and recovered before the (heriff or ftewart court, or before any two or more juftices of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry, or the baillie court of any royal borough, within whofe jurifdiCtion re-fpe&ively the offender or offenders (hall refide, by any perfon who (hall inform, and fue, or profecute, for the fame.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Method of That any perfon or perfons fued or profecuted for retailing ale, conviction in beer, or other excifeable liquors, without licence, may ana (hall fuch cafes* be legally convicted thereof on their own confeflion, or on the

oath of one credible witnefe, or upon evidence by the flock book, or other accounts kept by the gauger or officer of excife, which he is required to produce, attefted by the oath of fuch gauger or officer, that the perfon fo fued or profecuted has been charged or (brveyed as a victualler or retailer, and has been charged with the fame duties of excife that victuallers and retailers are ufually charged with, and pay, for ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors, within the period mentioned in the information or complaint.

XXXIV.	And be it enaCted bv the authority aforefaid, That General «it-aH penalties and forfeitures infilled by this aCt, not otherwife thodofrecol provided for, may be fued for or profecuted before the refpeCtive very, and dif-courts above appointed, within fix months after committing the tnbution of offence, and (hall be payable, one moiety thereof to his Ma-

jefty,

Digitized by

Google

4^0

tnret in Scotland, where not otherwife provided tor.

Limitation at to the time of execution of warrants -for diftreft, upon conviction of offenders.

The grounds of fuch warrants to be preferred on record.

Appeals to be made to the barons of the exchequer at Edinburgh $

and are to be lodged with the original proceedings. Appellant to give in his reafons of appeal, and bond to pro-fecute, &c.

otherwife the judgment to Aand good.

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.46.	[1765.

jcfty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to any pcrfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecure for the fame ; and may be recovered and levied either by the ufual execution of the law of Scotland, or by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender (rendering to him or her the overplus, after the charges of the faid diftrefs and fale (hall be deducted) by a warrant figned by the judge or magiftrate before whom fuch offender (hall be convi&ed, and which warrant (hall contain power to enter houfes, and break open doors, in order to make fuch diftrefs effectual, and may be carried into execution without neceffity of any previous intimation of the conviction ; any any thing in the aforefaid adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	Provided always. That no fuch warrant for diftrds (hall be carried into execution, till after the expiration of fix days after the conviction of every fuch offender; and the dcrk or clerks of the refpeCtive coups aforefaid, before whom any conviction for any of the offences aforefaid (hall proceed, fhali, and they are hereby required, carefully to preferve the whole grounds and warrants of every fuch conviction amongft the other records of fuch court; and (hall not be obliged to return or certify the fame to any other court; any thing in the afore* faid aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas the appeal to the quarter feflions allowed by the aforefaid aCt, has been found inconvenient and improper, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the tenth day of November, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, it (h?Ii and may be lawful to any perfbn or perfons who (hall think him, her, or themfelves, aggrieved, by the fentence or decree of any judge or magiftrate convicting him, her, or them, of any of the offences aforefaid deferibed in this aCt, within three days after the date of fueh decree or fentence, to appeal to the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh \ which appeal (hall either be taken in open court in the prefence of the judge or magiftrate who (hall have pronounced the decree or fentence appealed from, by a writing figned by the appellant or his procurator, or at the office of the clerk of fuch court, by a writing figned as aforefaid; all which appeals, the clerk of fuch court (hall carefully lodge and preferve along with the proceedings in the original fuit; and the perfon or perfons fo appealing, (hall, within fix days after lodging fuch appeal, give in to the clerk of the faid court his reafons of appeal, ana a bpnd with a Efficient furety to profe-cute the faid appeal with effeCt, and to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded againft him, her, or them, in cafe the appeal (hall be difmiffed, or the fentence or decree appealed from, be affirmed ; and which reafons of appeal and bond, (hall likewife be lodged and preferved by the laid clerk along with the proceedings in the original fuit; and in cafe the perfon or perfons fo appealing, (hall negled to give in his reafons of appeal and bond to profecute the fame as above required, the appeal (haft be holden as paffed from, and the feqten^e qr decree againft

whidi

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto Geqjigii HI. c. 46.	461

which the appeal was taken, (hall to all intents and purpofes be* Where the come final, and be carried into execution according to the di- rcaii>n|,^]| regions of this a# ; and in cafe the reafons of appeal and bond	Jodg-

for profecuting the fame, (hall be duly lodged as aforefaid, the ed, &c. the clerk of the court appealed from, (hall, and is hereby required clerk of the within fourteen days after the date of fuch appeal, to tranfmit £0UI]E *•to to the folicitor of the (lamp duties at Edinburgh, a full extra# of t^e the whole proceedings in the original fuit, and of the decree or original pro-ientence following thereupon, and of the appeal, and reafons of ceedings and appeal, and bond for profecuting the fame, duly figned by him or feHtence tothe his lawful deputy, for which he (hall be intitled to receive the th^ftamp ordinary fees of an extracted decree; and which extra# the fo- duties at licitor of the (lamp duties (hall immediately lodge in the office Edinburgh, of the King’s remembrancer in the court of exchequer $ and fo ",th fj?c "•* foon as fuch extra# (hall be fo lodged, it (hall and may be law- ^cEoncU ful to either party, appellant or refpondent, to apply to the ba- &c. rons of the faid court, or any one of them, as well out of term to be lodged as in term time, in order to have a day appointed for hearing j®	°f

and determining fuch appeal 5 and the faid barons, or any oir „J^brance^” them, (hall accordingly appoint fuch day as they (hall think &c#	9

proper, of which due notice (hall be given by the party whoapplied and the barons for fuch day, to the other party in the faid appeal, ten days at are thereupon lead before the day appointed for hearing and determining fuch day^cThear-appeal-	ingj

XXXVII.	And be it ena#ed by the authority aforefaid. That and fuch ap. the faid barons, or any one of them, (hall, and he or they is or peal may be are hereby impowered, as well out of term time as in term “eard in or time, to bear and determine fuch appeal, and to give fuch judge- 0111 of tcrm# ment thereupon, as to them or him (hall feem jult; and to award Full coft* to be full cods of fuit, in cafe the appeal (hall be difmified, or the allowed if the fentence or decree appealed from (hall be affirmed ; which judge- 19 ^ ment (hall be final to all intents and purpofes, and fubje# to no ™n^ce°af-other review whatfoever; and the (aid barons, or any one of firmed * them, who (hall give fuch judgement, may and (hall grant to be levied by warrant for levying the fum or fums awarded by fuch judgement, diftrefs and by didrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or petfons againd whom fuch judgement (hall be given, and his, her, or their furety or fureties, and for fuch other execution of the law in the (amc way and manner as the inferior judge or magidrate, before whom the original fuit was brought, might have done for levying any of the penalties infli#ed by this a#*

XXX VIII. And be it further ena#ed by the authority afore- PubCckofE-t faid. That all publick officers in Great Britain, who (hall, from cers having it time to time, have in their cudody any books, papers, files, re- their cuftody cords, remembrances, dockets, or proceedings, the fight or which knowledge whereof may tend to the lecuring any of his Maje- ^ay tend to fty’s damp duties, or to the proof or difcovery of any fraud or fecurethe omiffion in relation thereto, or to any of them, (hall, at any (bmp dories,-feafbnable time or times, permit and (uffer any officer and offi- ^ySST cers thereunto authorized by the commiffioners for the time be- therein, ing appointed to manage thofe duties, or (be major part of them, are topermit

to icer ana

Digitized by v^ooQle

462	Anno qainto GeORGII III. c. 46.	^1765.

thorired for to infpeA and view all fuch books, fifes, (tcordt. remembrance*, •llftSrpo<dt0	P^P**** 2nd proceedings, and to take thereout fach

tofcTnotes notes at^ memorandums as Aich officer or officers (hall fee ne-gratis f ceflary for the purpofes lift mentioned, without fee or reward ; on penalty of upon pain that every fuch publick officer who (hall refufe or 5°	«iegle& to permit or differ fuch view and infpedtion, (hall, for

every fuch rcfufal and negleft, forfeit the film of fifty pounds. Stampsfpoiled	XXXIX. And be it further enalted and declared by the

before the authority afore&id, That from and after the faid fifth day of writingtare July,, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, it (hall be law-exccutcd* Ful for all perfons who (hall at any time have in their cuftody or pofleffion any (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or ingrofled upon, which (hall be inadvertently and undefigncdly fpoilcd, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpofe intended, before the fame is executed by any party or parties, and which, in either cafe, (hall not have been ufed for 2nd which any othcr purpofe, or in any other manner whatfoever, nor any tio^has been monc)S or other confideration, paid or given to the attorney, paid to the folicitor, or other perfon employed to tranfall the bufinefe in-attorney or tended to have been carried into execution by fuch writing or ingroflmcnt, or to the writer or ingrofler thereof, for the duty or duties marked, damped, or imprefled thereon, to bring or fend Aich damped paper, vellum, or parchment, unto the (aid commiflioners of the damp duties at their head office in London or JVeJiminfier; and upon oath made to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiflioners (which oath the (aid commiflioners, or my three or more of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter) that fuch damped vellum, parchment, or paper, fo written or ingrofled upon, or fpoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpofe intended, hath not been executed by any party or parties, or ufed for any other purpofe, or in any other manner whatfoever; and that no money, or other * confideration, hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, damped, or imprefled thereupon (fave and except the money firft paid for fuch duty or duties to the faid commiflioners, or the receiver general of the damp duties, or other proper • officer appointed to colledl and receive the feme) the faid com-milfioners are hereby required to damp and mark, or eaufe to be damped and marked, for the feveral perfons who (hall fo bring and deliver any quantity of damped vellum, parchment,

* or paper, fo written or ingrofled upon, fpoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for ufe of fervice, the like • ,	quantity	of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the feveral and

refpe&ive duties damped, marked, or imprefled on the veHurn, parchment, or paper, fo written or ingrofled upon, failed, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for ufe or fer-vice, without demanding or taking, diredtly or indircdly, for "	the fame, any (um of money of other confideration whatfoever.

p .	.	XL.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid,

counterfeiting That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit or forge, or 5 caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, damp,

mark.

may be exchanged for other damps of like value.

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto GeorGII III. c. 46.	463

mark, plate, or device, which (hall be provided, made, or ufed, oflhc

in purfiince of this aft ; or (hall counterfeit or refemble the im- ftan,P*»

preffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, or

upon any cards, or ace of fpades, or jew, or wrapper, or any

thread or paper inclofin^ any pack or parcel of cards, with an

intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccefTors, of any of

the faid duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or upon cards;

or (hall utter, vend, or (ell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, or vending

or any cards, ace of fpades, or jew, or wrapper, with fuch coun- the fame,

terfeit feat, ftamp, mark, plate, or device thereupon, knowing;

the (ame to be counterfeit: or if any perfon whatfoever (hall or fraudulent*

privately and fraudulently u(e any feal, (tamp, mark, plate, or ly jdjng the le-

device, provided or ufed, or to be provided or ufed, in purfu-

ance of this or any former adt or adts of parliament, relating to King of the

the duties upon (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and duty,

upon cards, fo as thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs, or

fucceffors, of any duty payable by this or any fuch former adt or

adts of parliament; then every fuch perfon fo offending, and

being thereof convidied in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a

felon, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of it felony.

clergy.

XLI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Diftributioo That all penalties and forfeitures infiided, impofea, or to in- °fthe 1**!**-cur, by this adt, not herein before otherwife difpofed of, (hall	not"

go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs otherwife dif-and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or pofed of 5 to perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame, in any court of ^ covered record, with his or their full cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, *uUcofri# bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protedtion, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Powers, &c* That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, diftribution of pe- g^anred by nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre- ^hSng^o* feribed or appointed by any former adt or adts of parliament ftamp duties relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on on admiflions, which any adeniffion into any corporation or company, or policy and policies of of affnrance, (hall be ingroffed, written, or printed, and not ^ndedTo hereby altered, (hall be in full force and effedt, with relation to thefe duties, the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution, for the railing, levying, colledting, and fecuring, the faid new duties hereby impofed according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedtively been hereby enadted with relation to the faid new duties.

XLIII. Provided always and it is hereby enadted by the au- upo* thority aforefaid, That all the money arifing by the faid duty by entries of ad-this ad charged and impofed, upon the entry, minute, or me- million into roorandum, of any admiflion into any corporationkor company, fcorpoiations lhall be ifTued and applied to fuch and the fame ufes as the faid or comPaiucH former duties, were made applicable $ s*k1 that, all the money ;	arifing

r

464	Anno	qumto	Georgii III. c. 47.	[	1	765.

and the addi- arifing by the additional duty of twenty (hillings by this ad tional duty of charged and impofed on policies of affilrance, by which the ciet of alEu*-" properties of any number of perfons in any (hip, cargo, or both, ance,	not exceeding in the whole the fum of orte hundred pounds,

to be applied (hall be allured; (hall be iflued and applied to fuch and the a* the former famc ufe8, as the former duties upon policies of affurance are duties. applicable.

XLIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any adion, fuit, or other profecution, (hall be had, brought, or profecuted, againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any ad, matter, or thing, by him, her, or them, done or committed, by virtue or in purfuance of this ad; that then, in every fuch cafe, the adion, fuit, or profecution, (hall be laid and profecuted in the county or city where the fad was Committed, and not elfewhere; and that, in every fuch a&ion, (bit. Generalifliie. or profecution, the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and any other ad or ads of parliament, and any other matter or thing, in evidence ; and in cafe there (hall be a verdidor verdids therein for the defendant or defendants, or judgement therein (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profecutor or profecutors, (hall become nonfuit, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profecutor or profecutors,' (hall difcontinue fuch adion or fuit; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the defendant and defendants, in every fuch adion, fuit, or profecution, (hall re* Treble cods, cover his, her, or their, treble cods,

C AP. XLVII.

An aft for encreqfing the fund for payment of the fums of money dire fted, by an aft made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the falaries of the puifne judges ' in the court of King’s Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of * Exchequer at Wellminfter, and the jujlices 0/Chefter, and the great fejftons for the counties in Wales, for the time being * and for applying certain fums in augmentation of the faiaries of the faid judges and jujlices, and of the judges in the courts of Seffion and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain time previous to the commencement of the augmentations ejlablifbed by the faid aft.

ftsamble, rtr T TTHERE AS by an aft wade in the thirty fecond year of tit china claufe V V reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, m ad \% Qeo. a£ for augmenting foe falaries of the puifne judges in the *'	court of Kings bench? the judges of the court of Common Pleas,

the barons ojf the coif in the court of Exchequer at Wefiminfer, the judges in the courts of feffion, and exchequer in Scotland, and j uftjccs of Cbefler, and the great felfions for the counties in Waler, ^

it

Digitized by t^ooQle

1765.] Anno quintoGEORGii III. c.47.	465

it was fet forth, That the falaries of the jaid judges and jujiices	,

were inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices; and therefore in order to efiablijh, in the firjl place, a proper fund for the augmentation of the falaries of the Jaid judges in the courts at Weftminfter, and jujiices of Chefter, and the great feffions for the counties in Wales, certain Jlamp duties were thereby granted\ and appropriated to the payment of the j'everal and refpeftive fums of money directed by the faid aft to be applied in augmentation of the falaries af the faid lafl-mentioned judges and jujiices ; and certain fums were •direfted to be paid yearly out of the duties and revenues therein mentioned, in augmentation of the falaries of the faid judges in Scotland : and whereas by an aft made in the fecond year of his prefent *n<*1 ®e0, 3* Majejlfs reign, intituled, An ad for better fecuring the payment	'

of the fums of money direded by an ad made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the falaries of the puifne judges in the court of King’s bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Wejlminfter, and the juftices of Chejler and the great feffions for the counties in Wales for the time being ; it was Jet forth.

That the fund provided by the faid aft of the thirty fecond. year of the reign of his late maj ejly King George the Second, for payment of the fums thereby granted in augmentation of the falaries to the faid judges and jujiices in England and Wales, had proved inefficient to make good and anfwer the fame; and therefore certain other Jlamp duties were, by the faid lajl-mentioned aft, granted, appropriated, and made one joint fund with the duties arifing by virtue of the faid former aft, for anfwering and paying, in fuch manner and proportions as are in the Jaid former aft dir efted and appointed with refpeft ' to the duties thereby granted, all fuch fums of money as jhould become due and payable from and after the fifth day of July, one thou,-fand feven hundred and fixty two, in purfuance of the Jaid former aft, to the faid judges and jujiices in England and Wales : and whereas the faid joint fund fo eftablijhed and provided for payment of all fuch fums of money as Jhould become due and payable front and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, in purfuance of the faid aft made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late Majejly, to the faid judges and jujiices in 1 England and Wales, hath alfo proved injufficient to make good and anfwer the fame: we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds,the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, in order to make the faid joint fund efle&ual to anfwer the faid purpofes, do give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein after mentioned ; and do therefore moll humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s rnoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand promanj af-feven hundred and fixty five, there (hall be throughout England ters July,1765, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, railed, the following WOL. £XVI.	Hh	Col-	additional

ftamp duties

Digitized by

Google

466	Anno	quinto	GborgjI JIL c. 47.	[	1765.

to take place; collected, levied, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Mayef-ty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, on which the matters and things herein after mentioned (hall be ingrofled or written at any time or times after the faid fifth day of July, over and above the rates and duties charges and fums of money, now due and payable to his Ma-jefty for or in refped of the fame, the further rates, duties, charges, and fums of money; that is to fay.

On admiflions F°r every piece of vellum or parchment, or {heet or piece erf into the four paper, upon which any adraiflion into the four inns of court (hall inm of court, be ingrofled or written, an additional ftampduty of four pounds.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet pr piece of nials of The paper* upon which (hall be ingrofled orwritten any regHter, en-degree of try, teftimonial, or certificate, of the degree of utter barrifter utter barriiter taken in any of the laid four inns of court, an additional (lamp duty of fix pounds.

Thefe datie* to be under the management of the commiflion-ers for the former dudes on

One new ftamp may be provided for denoting all the duties.

Such former fiampt paper, vellum or parchment, as tfhall be ufed after the faid 5 July, for th$

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That for the better and more effectual railing, levying, collcdhng, and paying, the faid additional rates and duties herein before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and fiicceflors, and charged on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by former a<5ts of parliament in that behalf made; who, or the msyor part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, as they (hall .think; proper; and to ufe fuch dies and damps, tp denote the damp duties hereby charged, as they (hall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter, the fame, from time to time, ps there ihall be occafion ; and tp do all other a<5ts, matters, apd things, neceflary to be done, fpr putting this act ip execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (tamps for and in refpe<5t of the additional rates and duties hereby granted, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, inftead of dirtin<5t (tamps, tp afeertain the duties granted by former adU, and this a<$t> to caufe one new (tamp to be provided far denoting all the faid duties, from time to time, as (hall, by the laid commiflioners, he thought proper or neceflary,

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authonty aforefaid. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, charged hy this act with any of the (tamp duties hereby granted, which hath been, or (hal£ before the laid fifth day of July% be (tamped or marked in pur-fuance of the former a<5t$ of parliament relating to his Majefty’* ftaxgp du£ie$^or any of them, (ha\ before any of the master*

4

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anno quinto GeorgII III, c. 47.	4^7

or things, in refped whereof any rate or duty is hereby made forefaid, is to payable, (hall be ingrofled or written thereupon (fuch ingrofling tbe *q°-'Or writing being, at any time after the faid fifth day of July) be (temped be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking of veflum, with the du-parchment, and paper, to be stamped or marked with another *,e# §ran^ mark or ftamp, over and befides the marks or (lamps put, or to by t 18 * 1 be put, thereupon, in purfuance of the faid former aAs, or any of them ; and that all vellum, parchment, and paper, which hath but ^ un-not been, or (hall not, before the faid fifth day of July, be damped paper ftamped or marked in purfuance of the faid former a&s, or any &c. is to be jof them, (hall, before any of the matters or things in refoe& where- parked with of any ftamp duty is payable hereby, and by the faid former a£t«, {faem^Cfor aj| or any of them, (hall be thereupon ingrofled or written (fuch in* the duties, grofling or writing being after the faid fifth day of July) be brought to the wid head office, and there marked and (lamped with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or (lamp, provided, ufed, or appointed, or to be provided or appointed, in purfuance of the	.

faid former a&s, or of this adl, to denote the refpedlive duties thereby and hereby refpe&ively chaiged thereupon ; and ij any per itamps^ is of the laid matters and things, fo to be ingrofled or written as 5I. befides the aforeiaid, (hall be ingrofled or written, contrary to the true in* dutto j tent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or ftamped according to this alt; that then, and in every fuch cafe, there (hall be due, anfwered, and paid (over and above the (lamp duties pay- and the in- ' able hereby, and by the faid former ads, or any of them) for or ftrument in refped of every fuch matter or thing, the fum of five pounds ; deemed una-and that no fuch matter or thing (hall be available in law or 5^^ equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, un- a$ weii as the lefs as well the faid duty hereby charged in refpedl thereof, as penalty, are the faid fum of five pounds, (hall be firlt paid to the receiver ge- P^d. neral for the time being of the ftamp duties, or his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which Receipt to be fuch matter or thing is fo ingrofled or written, (hall be marked duties. ° or ftamped according to the tenor and true meaning hereof; and the faid receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duties, and of the faid fum of five pounds, and fuch other fums as by the faid former atfs are payable in that behalf, to give a receipt Pen?ltJ tob* for fuch monies ; and the other proper officers are thereupon re- duties ** * * quired to mark or ftamp fuch matters or things with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or ftamp, required in that behalf 5 which faid fum of five pounds is to be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties hereby granted are to be applied.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That duties to be the rates and duties herein before granted (hall be paid, from paid over to time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time tbc l’fJ?*ver being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, ^nc * who (hall keep a feparate and diftindl account of the rates and	.	,

duties arifing by virtue of this a6t; and pay the fame (the necef- and by him fary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for, fuch rates lT£° the c*m and duties being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, cbwlucr#

H ha	for

Digitized by Google

Anno quinto GEORGII III. C.47.	[1765.

for the purpofes herein after exprefled, at fuch time and in fuch and to be en- manner, as any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, tered feparate or paper, are aireCied to be paid ; and that in the office of the and apart auditor of the faid receipt, (hall be provided and kept a book from all other or	jn	which all the monies arifing from the rates and

monies. duties hereby granted and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever, and (hall be applied in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners, and all other officers who (hall be employed in the collection or management of the (aid rates and duties herein before granted, (hall, in the execution of their offices, obferve and perform fuch rules and orders as they refpec-tively (hall, from time to time, receive from the high treafurer or the/commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being; and that no fee or reward (hall be taken or demanded by any fuch commiflioners or officers from any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, for any matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this aCt; and in cafe any officer employed in the execution of (his aCt, in relation to the faid rates and clu-

Officer»to obferve the rules prefcribed them by the treafury.

No fees to be taken by them.

Officer, neglecting his du

Sa*y* damages	re^u^e or negleCt to do or perform any matter or	thing

with treble	by this aCt required or directed to be done or performed by him,

cofts.	whereby any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts (hall or may fuftain any da-

mage whatfoever, fuch officer fo offending (hall be liable, by any aCtion to be founded on this ftatute, to anfwer to the parry /	grieved all fuch damages, with treble cofts of fuit.

Pmmltycm yil. And jt further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ©fa breach of That the faid commiflioners and their officers (ball be fubjed truft i	to ifuch penalties and forfeitures, for any breach of the tjrufts in

them repofed, or for diverting or mifapplying the money receiv-0rminyPotthe ec* *n Purfuance this a(^* as by any former law relating to y ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are inflided; and that all powers, provifions, articles, claules, penalties, forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prefcribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any former aCt or aCts of parliament relating to the ftamp duties on vellum, > parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered, (hall be in full . force and effeCt, with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed ; and (hall be applied, and put in execution, for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the faid rates and du-< ties, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpeCtively been herein enaCted with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed.

Penalty of VIII. And be it further enaCted by th$ authority aforefaid, counterfeiting That if any perfon, from and after the faid fifth day of Jvfyi of thlefftwnT count*er*e*,t or or procure to be counterfeited oriorg-9 ed, any feal, ftamp, or mark, to refemble any feal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be ufed by this aCt for the purpoie of denoting thq duties hereby granted * or (half counterfeit or

refenjblc,

ing any monies. Powers, Sic. granted tw former aCrs, extended to this aft.

D ized by

Google

469

1765.]	Anno~quinto	Georgii	III. c. 47.

refemble the impreffion of the fame with an intent to defraud ' his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; or vendin or (hall utter, vend, or fpll, any vellum, parchment, or paper, forgcci liable to any fuch (lamped duty, with fuch counterfeit (lamp or mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or (hall privately	P” lately or

or fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, diredled orallow- ^i?n th^real ed to be ufed by this adl, with intent to defraud his Majefty, fea?fto de-C his’heirs, and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties ; every per- fraud hisMa-fon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be)eft/» adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony,ls *cl°ny* without benefit of clergy.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The feveral That the duties hereby granted, and the duties arifing by vir- ^™hofe tue of the faid former a<ft made in the thirty fecond year of his hereby grant-late Majefty’s reign, and in the fecond year of his prefent Ma-cd, made a jelly’s reign, (hall be and are hereby made one joint fund for joint fund anfwering and paying, in fuch manner and proportions as are pa£n*gt- * in the laid feveral ads direded and appointed with refped to ta judgw the duties thereby grartted, all fuch fums of money as (hall be-friaries come due and payable from and after the faid fifth day of July, eitabiilhed by in purfuance of the faid feveral ads, to the puifne judges in the ^ r£cite5} court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas * and » GeoT* at Wejlminfler, the chief and other barons of the coif in the

court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler, the chief and fecond juftices of Chefter, and the juftices of the great feffions for the counties in Wales, for the time being refpedively; and if anv furplus „gyPto b^re-fhall remain of the produce of the faid fund, the fame (nail ?ex- fervcd for the cept the money herein after authorized to be paid thereout) bedifpofition of reserved for the difpolition of parliament, in fuch manner as any parliament j furplus of the duties granted by the faid feveral ads arc thereby refpedively direded to be. referved.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That firft paying out of any of the furpluffes which (hall arife upon the faid funds thereout ■ - . eftablifhed for payment of the faid augmentation, and upon the 3>6*sl- in

faid additional damp duties hereby granted, after the payments a“8^cJ^ioit charged thereupon are, from time to time, fatisfied, a fum not feriesVom s** exceeding three thoufand fix hundred and twenty five pounds, jam to j July, fhall be paid and applied in augmeritation of the falaries of the 1759* faid judges and juftices, from the fifth day of January, qne thoufand feven hundred and fifty nine, to the fifth day of July, in the fame year, according to the proportions appointed by the faid atft of the thirty fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, with refpeft to the augmentation therein mentioned.

XI.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, t,tool. to be That out of any of the duties and revenues in that part of Greet paid out of Britain called Scotland, which by an a6l made in the tenth year

of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable ,0	^

with the payment of the fees, falaries, and other charges, al- Scotland,* lowed, or to be allowed, by her Majefty, her heirs, or fuccef-, fors, for keeping up the courts of feffion and judiciary, and ex-phequer court in Scotland, a fum not exceeding two thoufand

H h 3	one

Digitized by

* Google

470	Anno quinto Geo Rgii III. 0.48.	[1765.

one hundred pounds, fhaH be paid and applied, in augmentation in augment*- °f the Varies of the judges in thefaid courts of (effion and ex-tion of the chequer, from the faid fifth day of January* to the (aid fifth judges falaries day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty nine, acoord-t^re» fro{ni£ ing to the proportions appointed by the faid aft made in the thirty >759* 5 JU ** feconc* yfar °f the rc*8n °f his (aid late Majefty, with refpeft to the augmentation thereby granted of the falaries of tho faid judges.

XII.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforelaid* That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times be hied or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fach perfon or perfons (hall and may General iffue. plead the general iffue, and give the fpeciai matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if, upon the trial, a verdift fhall pafe for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants Treble cofts.	have	*rehle	cofts to him or them awarded againff fuch

plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An ail for prohibiting the importation of foreign frianu-y	fa Shared filk floe kings, fitk mitts, dnd filk gloves, into

Great Britain and the Britifh dominions ; and for render-ing more effefinal an a£l faffed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effeilual, an aS made in the nineteenth year ef the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk Works.

WHEREAS the impertatien of foreign manufaEured Jill Jloc kings, filk mitts, and filk gloves, into Great Britain, and the Britifh dominions, is greatly prejudicial to the trade and menu-failures ef this kingdom, and tends to the depriving of his Adajefijs fubjttts of the means of fupporting themfelves and their families for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and .temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled w .	and by the authority of the fame* That if any foreign manu-

nufa^ured1 feftured filk (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, fhall from and filk (lockings, after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hund- j filk mitts, or dred and fixty five, be imported, brought, or conveyed, into

or any part of the Britifl dominions, the fame nTbc^port be, ant* arc hereby declared to be, forfeited, and fhall be cd after *4 liable to be ffearched for and feized, in like manner as other pro-'/une, 1765. on hibited and uncuftomed goods are, and (hall be difpofed of as penalty ot	;s herein after mentioned ; and every perfon or perfons who

or enure,	(hall bring, convey, or import, or fhall caufe to be brought,

conveyed, or imported* into this kingdom* or any part of the

Sritifo

Digitized by t^ooQle

•f 765.]	Arnto	qfuiiito Gtedft&n III. c. 48.	471

Btiti/h dominions* rfny fuch filk ftockings, filk mitts, or filk and the per-gloved, Or (hall be aiding, abetting, or affixing therein, or be- f?ns affi«ing# ing a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of filk herein ftockings, mitts, or gloves, in whefc Cuftody or pofleffion any whofe cuftody ft>ch foreign manufactured filk ftockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, fuch good* ftoall be found, or who (hall fell, or Cxpofe to fale, any fuch filk be found ftockings, filk mitts,'or filk gloves, or who (hall conceal any °hem to felt foch filk ftockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, with intent to pre- &c.	*

vent the forfeiture or feizure of thel4tne, (hall, over and above the forfeiture and lofs of fuch filk ftbckirtgs, filk mitts, and filk forfeit all© gloves, and all mtereft which he, (he, or they, may have there- aool. in, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds, together with cofts of fiiit.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Where fuch

rity aforefaid. That if any fuch filk ftockings, filk mitts, or filk F**1* lha,*_b^ gloves, (hall be found and feized in that part of Great Britain f^dout 0f called England, out of the cities of London, and JVtftmbtfter^ and London, or * the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the fame (hall weekly bill* not exceed in value the fum of twenty pounds; it (hall and may not exceeding be lawful for two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace	1

for fuch county, city, borough, or place, where the fame (hall for the county be fo found and feized, upon information before them that fuch or place may filk ftockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, were feized as filk ftock- proceed to ings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, unduly brought into, and not or difcharge>11 manufactured within this kingdom, to hear and determine thttberof, 5 fame, and to proceed to condemnation or difeharge thereof, as

fhall feem juft, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftahding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That seizures, if forthwith after the feizure of any fuch filk ftockings, filk mitts, made within or filk gloves, as aforefaid, the fame (hall be depomed m one of London or the King’s warehoufes belonging to the cuftom-houfe, in cafe

fuCh feizure happens to be within the cities of London or Weft- bedepofit-minfter, or the weekly bills of mortality, where the fame (hall ed in the be received and admitted at all times by the proper officer or Kina’* ware-officers there, who is and arc hereby impowered and required to j*?ufey receive and preferve the fame ; and in Cafe fuch feizure (hall be £h«,Cto made out of the faid cities of London, and Weftminfter, and the depofited with weekly bills of mortality, then the fame (hall be depofitedin the the chief raau hahd9 of the chief nriagiftratCof fuch city, town, or place where	or

the fame (hall be feized, or in the hands of the Conrcable of the conftab *• hefct adjacent village, who is and are impowered and required lo receive and preferve the fame; and all and every fuch filk ftockings, filk mitts, and filk gloves, may, from time to time, be yfewed with viewed and irtfpeCted by any perfon or perfons, on behalf of the feavc j profecutor or profecutors, or of the perfon or perfons interefted in or claiming the faid filk ftockings, filk mitts, and filk gloves,	,

with the leave of the court, officers, judges, or juftices, where, or before whom any profecution ot fuit (hall be carried on, for condemnation thereof, or for recovery of any penalty by thisaCt inflicted* who are and is hereby required to make and give fuck

H h 4	orders.

Digitized by Google

ty’s dominions;

472	Anno quinta Georgii III. C.48.	X1765.

orders, from time to time for that purpofe, as may be juft and reafonable; and after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, and after con- all and every fuch filk (lockings, (ilk mitts, and filk gloves, fhali damnation, to be publickly fold to the bed advantage for exportation by the

bepublickly candjg.

and one moiety of the produce, or money arifing by the portadonVo	dockings,	filk mitts, and filk gloves, (hall be to

foreign parts, the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs, and fucceffors,; and the other not being any moiety thereof to the ufe of the officer or officers who (hall feize of hisMajef- aruj fecure the famc . anci np fuch (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, dull be contained or ufed in this kingdom, but (hail be exported again to fome port or place, not being any part of his Majedy’s dominions, and (hall not be fold otherwise than on condition to be exported as aforefaid; and fuch filk dockings for which fe- filk mitts, and filk gloves, (hall not be delivered out of the ware-purity is to be houfe or place wherein the fame (hall have been fecured, until gxYCIb fufficient fecurity be fird given to the King’s majedy, his hpirs, and fucceffors, which the commifiioners of his Majedy’s cuftoms are hereby impowered and required to take, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported as aforefaid, and not landed again in any part of his Majedy’s dominions ; which fecuri-S uponoe?"ties ^ ^charged without fee or reward, upon certificate tificate of the returned under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in any due landing place or places beyond the feas, and out of his Majedy’s domi-thereof, nions, or under the hands and fealsof two known Englijb mer-chants upon fuch place, that the goods were there landed ; or of their bdn uPon Pro0^ by credible perfons, that fuch goods were taken by takenby theS enem‘cs» or peri filed in the feas; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the faid commifiioners $ yvhich commifiioners are hereby impowered, from time tp time to call upon the perfon or perfons who have entered into fuch fecurity, to produce fuch certificate or proof as aforefaid.

IY. And, for the better difeovering and detecting any offender or offenders againd this a6l; be it enabled by the authority grounds for aforefaid. That upon an information in writing, made upoo 5nformTuonnd oath bef°re any two or morc of his Majedy’s ludices of the upon oath be peace for the refpe<9tive county or place (which information (hall made and fab be figned by the party or parties making the fame) that there is fenbed before gGOd ground and reafon to fufpedl that .fuch filk dockings, filk anv fuch goods raxtts> or filk gloves as aforefaid, have been imported into this being import- kingdom, and are concealed by, or are in the poffeffion or cuf-ed and con- tody of, any retailer or feller of any kind of filk dockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, contrary to the true intent of this a<ft; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch judices refpe£tively, to iffue their warrantor warrants to.any condable orcondables, or other peace officer or officers, within the faid county or place, irapow-forandfeizing ering him or them tofearch in the day-time the houfe or houfes the fame. out	or out-houfes, ware-houfes, (hops, cellars, rooms,

and other places, belonging to, or hired, employed, or made ufe of by, fuch retailer or feller who (hall be fufpe&ed to con* ceal or have in his, her, or their poffeffion or cudody any filk dockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, not being made or manu-

faftured

enemy, or that they perilled at tea.

\Vhere there (hall be

cealed by the retailer, he is to iffue his warrant tot fearching

* gitized by ^ooQle

I7^5-] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 48.

473

fa&ured within Great Britain; and if any fuch (ilk (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, not being made or manufactured within Great Britdin, thall be found, to feize and carry away the Came, for the purpofe of carrying this adt into execution, and and to di fe thereof as is herein before directed.

V.	An be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-* fon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fiiit may plead the

general i(Tue,and give this adt and the fpecial matter, in evidence. General ifliie.

at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by

the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear to have been (o

done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants;

and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adtion

after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared $ or if

judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft

the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble Treble cofti.

cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have

in other cafes by law.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That iq Defendant al-every fuch adtion, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant lowed to pay or defendants, by leave of the court where fuch adtion (hall be moncy into depending, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into courtcourl*

fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit, as amends for the matter or caufe complained ot in fuch adtion; whereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgements, (hall and may be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adhons >vhere the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. If any doubt That if any fuch filk dockings, (ilk mitts, or filk gloves, (hall ?r^with.rc“ be feized by virtue and in purfuance of this adt, and any doubt

or qiieftion (hall afterwards arife where the fame were manufac- Eufadture of"-tured, the proof (hall lie upon the perfon or perfons in whofe fuch goods, cuftody or pofleflion the fame were found^ and not upon the p/00ft? ^ on profecutor or profecutors, plaintiff or plaintiffs $ and in cafe ** dcfcnd* no proof (hall be given that fuch filk (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, were manufadtured within Great Britain, then the fame (hall, without any further proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufadtured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this adt; any law or cuftom to the contrary notr withilanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That ifpcr^>n 5h 1 any perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleflion any fuch whofe cuftody filk (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, (hall be feized, by vir- fuch goods tue and in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons not <hall be found; importing or concealing the fame, (hall difcover upon oath, be- orVonce^inf fore any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, the perfon fame> • or perfons who fold fuch filk (lockings, (ilk mitts, or (ilk gloves

{o fuch perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or poffeflion the fame •

(hall be feized, fo as that fuch perfon or perfons, fo felling the difeovering fame, (hall or may be profccutcd and convidtcd according to the feller.

the

Digitized by v^.ooQle

47+

is difcharged from all penalties.

Anrto quiilfo GEOR61I III. C. 48.	[176^.

the intent of this aft, as the feller thereof, in cdfe (he feme (had] be, or be taken and held fo be, within the intentarid meaning of this aft, msrnufaftured out of Great Britain; fach per fort or ^erfons fo difeovering, a* aforefaid, (hall be, and is and are hereby freed and difcharged of and from ail and every the penalties and forfeitures by this aft inflifted upon all and every per-fbn and perfons being a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, having in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflton any fuch fift ftockings, fllk mitts, or filk gloves, not made or manufa&ored, in Great Britain; and of and from any proof that the fame fo feized, as aforefaid, were manufactured m Great Britain.

Recovery and IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, application ofThat ajj pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this aft impofed, pen^hes^nZ ^all aru* ma? ^ f°r aru* coveted iri any of his Majefty’s forfeitures. courts of record at Wejlminjier, or in the eouft df exchequer at Edinburgh, refpeftivety, by aftion, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name of his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of feme officer or officers of thecuftoms * and that one moiety of every fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers of the cuftoms who (hall inform and proiecute '	for the fame.

Wearer of	X. Provided alfo, aftd be it further eriafted by the authors-

fuch good#	fy aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained fhal! extend, or

”ny forfeiture itl ^ conftrued to extend to fub^afly peffon or ftu or penalty, ions who (hall wear or make ufe of fuch filk (lockings, filk mitts, or filk gloves, as aforefaid, as part of his, her, or their apparel, or dreis only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecuniary penalty or penalties inflifted by this aft, or to any proof that the feme were manufaftured within Great Britain.

XI. And whereas by an aft pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent majefty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more cffeftuaf, an arft made inf the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, Silk Works* certain penalties are thereby inflifted upon any perfoh or per-fons, who (half import, bring, or convey, or caufe ro be im-

[sorted, brought, or conveyed into this kingdom, any ribbands?, aces, or girdles, not made and mamrfaftured in Great Britain whether the fame be wrought of filk alone, or wrought of filk mixed with any other materials : or who (hall be aiding, abet-*kd U*the ei*	or	in the bringing and Conveying, or importing

ataers r n,	^*s	any fuch ribbands, lices, or girdles, as afotfl-

^nd the vend- > and a^ uPon cvcfy and perfohs bring a vender of dert,	venders,	retailer	or	retailers,	of	any	kind	of	ribbands,	laces, or

girdles, refpeftively, in whofe cuftody or poflfeffiori any filch ribbands, laces, or girdles, or any of them, (hall be found j or 1	who (hall fell or expofe to fale, any fuch ribbands, laces, or

, girdles, as aforefaid; or who (hall conceal any fuch ribbands, the^coWeem- ^ces of gi^les, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or feizurd ed infufficient, of the fame; which petndttes, by realbn of thdfthallnefe (hereof

have

Penalties inflicted by aft 19 Hen. 7.

on perfons importing ribbands, laces, or girdles, of foreign manufacture

Digitized by

Google

475

1765.} Anno qointo Georgii III. c. 48.

have be found infufficient to anfwer the good intention of the faid aft; be it therefore further enabled by the authority afore-laid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall be guilty and perfars

?\i any of the offences aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, for the future orfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds, together with gf^ty cofts of fuit; and (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any fences, to for-* of his Majefty’s courts of record at tPeJlminJlery or in the court felt 200I. with of exchequer at Edinburgh refpeftivelv, by aftionr bill, plaint, cofts of fuitj or information, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name of his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms; and One moiety to that one moiety of every fuchpenalty and forfeiture (hallbe to his the King, and Majefty, his heirs and lucceflors; and the other moiety thereof, oth*Fto to the officer or officers who (hall inform and profecute for the .pro ccu* fame.	’

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the but the wear-authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex- 5rhi?J?t t0 ** tend, or be in any wife conftrued to extend, to fubjeft any per- forfeit Ion or perfons whatfoever, who (hall wear or make ufe of penalty, fuch ribbands, laces or girdles, as aforefaid, as part of his, her or their apparel or drefs only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecuniary penalty or penalties irtflifted by the faid recited aft, or this aft ; or to any proof that fuch ribbands, laces or girdles, were < manufactured in Great Britain.

XIII.	And whereas in and by the faid recited aft it is enafted.

That all and every fuch ribbarids, laces and girdles, after cotv-demftation thereof, (hall, by order of the court, judge or judges, or juftices, where or before whom fuch condemnation (hall be had, be publickly burnt and intirely deftroyed : and whereas the intention of the faid aft might be more effectually anfwered, if fuch ribbands, laces and girdles, were fold and difpofed of in manner herein after mentioned, inftead of being burnt and deftroyed as aforefaid; be it therefore further eilafted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch ribbands, laces and girdles,~ , ...	.

(hall be only feized and fecured, in purfuance of the powers laces^and gir-granted by the (aid aft, by fome officer or officers of his Maje- dies,’infteadof fty’s cuftoms, and (hall, after condemnation thereof in due courfe befog burnt# of law, be publickly fold for the beft advantage for exportation, Pur.foantu>the by the candle ; and one moiety of the produce or money arifirtg [o^publick-by the fale of fuch ribbands, laces and girdles, (hall be paid to ]y fold, the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucccflors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms who (hall feize and focure the fame as aforefaid ; and and exported no fuch ribbands, laces or girdles, 4hall be confumed or ufed into fo^g*1 this kingdom, but (hall be exported again to fome port or place, fn^pa^of * not being any part of his Majefty’s dominions, and (hall not the King's be fold,otherwife than on condition to be exported as aforefaid; dominions: and fuch ribbands, laces and girdles, (hall not be delivered out for which fev of the warehoufe wherein the fame (hall have been fecured,	w	**

until fufficient fecurity be firft given to the King’s majefty, his8 9 heirs and fucccffors, (which the commiflioners of his Majefty’s $	W

Digitized by

Google

476	Anno	quinto	Georgxi	III. 0.49.	[1765.

cuftoms are hereby impowered and required to take) that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported as aforefaid, and and a certifi- not landed again in any part of hrs Majefty’s dominions ; which rc*|irncci faid fecurities (hall be difcharged without fee or reward, upon landing there- cert*ficate returned under the common feal of the chief magiftrate of according-in any place or places beyond the Teas, and out of his Majefty’s ly,	dominions,	or under the hands and feals of two known Englifb

merchants of Tuch place, that the goods were there landed, or th^>b?adC uPon Pro°f by credible perfons that fuch goods were taken by taken by enf- enemies, or perifhed in the feas, the examination and proof mies, or of	thereof being left to the judgement of the faid commiflioners;

theirperifhing which commiflioners ate hereby impowered, from time to time, in the feas. tQ cajj Upon t^e perfon or perfons who have entered into fuch fecuritv to produce fuch certificate or proof as aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, ledhngjlor" That if any officer or officers of the cufioms (hall negleft or one month af- refufe, for the fpace of one month after fuch condemnation as tercondemna-aforefaid, to profecute to effeft any perfon or perfons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this aft inflifted upon offendi-any other per-€rs againft the fame; that then it (hall be lawful for any perfon fon may fue or perfons whomfoever, to fue for, prpfecute and recover the for, and re. refpeftive pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this aft inflifted, funY ^ in like manner as is herein before direfted with regard to the of-*	*	ficers of the cuftoms; and one moiety of the faid pecuniary for-

feitures, when recovered, (hall, in fuch cafe, go arid be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecute for the fame refpeftively.

CAP. XUX.

An aft to prevent the inconveniencies arifing from the prefent method of iffuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies and bankers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WH E R E A S a praftice has prevailed in that part of Great ^	Britain	called	Scotland, of iffuing notes, commonly tailed

Bank Notes, for fums of money payable to the bearer on demand, or in the option of the ijfuer or grant er,payable at the end of fix months, with afum equal to the legal interefi, from the demand to that time: and whereas notes, with fuch option as aforefaid, have been and arc circulated in that part of the united kingdom to a great extent, and do pafs, from hand to hand, as fpttie, whereby great inconveniencies have arijen: for remedy whereof,, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be cnafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-From and af- ^amcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ter 15 May, from and after the fifteenth day of Afoy, one thoufand feven 1766, no notes hundred and fixty fix, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or Scot! lfdUeand Per^on6 whatfoever, bodies pplitick or corporate, to iffue or aW,an* '	give,

i 7°5*1	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	49.	477

give, or caufe to be ififued or given, within that part of Great circulated as

Britain called Scotland, any note, ticket, token or other writing,	be

for money, of the nature of a bank note, circulated, or to be payable on

circulated, as fpecie, but fuch as (hall be payable on demand, demand;

in lawful money of Great Britain, and without referving any amJ noecs ^

power, or option of delaying payment thereof for any time or fued, and cir-

term whatfoever; and that from and after the faid fifteenth day culated as

of May. one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, all notes, prcvi-. .	i	;	- -	*	ous to the

tickets, tokens, or other writings, for money, of the nature fai(J fl,a||

of a bank note, iffued previous to the faid day, and circulated be payable on

as fpecie in that part of the united kingdom, (hall, and they demand, not-

are hereby declared and adjudged to be payable, on demand, in witbftanding

lawful money aforefaid; any option, condition, or otherdaufe cU^fe^tlic

therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	contrary;

II.	Provided always, That nothing contained in this adt (hall Poftbills, pay-prevent any pcrfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, from able at feven iffuing poll bills, payable feven days after fight, in the fame ***?* manner as they are at prefent iffued by the b^nk of England. cxccp c 1

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, an(j perfons That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, bodies poll- adting contra-tick or corporate, and the legal adminiftrators of fuch perfon or ry hereto, fo*-perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall, after the faid

fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, iffue or caufe to be iffued, any note, ticket, token or other writing, for money, of the nature of a bank note, circulated, or to be circulated, as fpecie, contrary to the directions of this adt before-mentioned, and to the true meaning and intent thereof, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to the perfon	co®1

or perfons who (hall inform or profecute for the lame, five hun- 0 ult# dred pounds fterling, with full cods of fuit; to be fued for and recovered, by way of complaint, before the court of feflion, upon fifteen days notice to the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, complained of; which complaint the faid court of fefTionis hereby authorized and required fummarily to determine, without abiding the courfe of any roll.

IV.	And for rendering the payment of all notes, accepted bills, poft bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings, for money, of the nature of a bank or banker’s note, circulated, or to be circulated, as fpecie, in that part of the united kingdom, more effectual, be it further enadted by the authority afordaid. That Summary cx-from and after the pafting of this adt, fummary execution (hall ecution may proceed upon every fuch note, accepted bill, poft bill, ticket, pibceed upon token or other writing, at the inftance of the holder thereof,

againft the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, and ”0^0”^ ** the legal adminiftrators of fuch perfon or perfons liable in pay- payment of ment of the fame, not only for the fum or fums therein contain- the principal ed, but alfo for the intereft thereof, from the time of demand- an<* *nlcrcft* ing payment; and that a proteft, taken at the office of the per- Method of fon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, liable, in payment protefting of the fame, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, for pot payment, or. for not marking

any

Digitized by v^-ooQle

fcfofcfpenfion tt> pafi,but upon ji 4if-

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 49. r * 765

any fuch note, accepted bill, poll bill, ticket, token, or othei writing, (hall be regifterable in the courts of feffion, or othet competent judicatories, at any time within fix months after tb< date of fuch proteft ; that letters of homing, upon a charge of fu days, and the other ufual execution of the law of Scotland* may pafs thereupon, in the fame manner as is competent by the law of Scotland, upon protefts of bills of exchange and inland bills duly regiftered.

V. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrelaid. That no fulpenfion or lift of fuch charge, or other execution, (hall pafs, but upon a difcharge by the holder of the note or

with all charges,

<&&& tLld* notes» accepted bills, or poft bills, to protefted; or upon an of-note^r se^aer^ ^	made	to	him or her, in the form of an inftruroent,

duly figned by a notary publick and two witnefles, of the foil contents of fuch note or notes, bill or bills, wkh the legal in-teneft thereof from the date of the proteft, and alfo of the expen ces of the proteft, regiftration, and fuch diligence as (hall hate followed thereupon, to be certified by an account under ^the^ocmint hand ^ holdtr of fuch note or notes, accepted bills, of expences^ poft bills, or other writings, aforefaid, all in lawful money of may he hied Great Britain: faving and referving always to the perfon or per-for at common fons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall make fuch pay-as'ma alfo naent> t^c“‘ aAion at common law, before any competent court, Sed^nagcs f°r repetition of any overcharge in fuch account of expences;

and to the perfon or perfons who (hall have protefted fuch note or notes $ his, her or their a&ion, before any competent court, for what further damages he, (he or they, may have incurred by the undue delay of payment.

VI.	And for preventing the unneceflary expence and delay of Proteft may protefting each note, accepted bill, poft bill, ticket, token, or be made ot fe- other writing aforefaid, feparately, be it enadted by the autho-

nnfM rity aforefaid. That the holder of fuch notes, accepted bills, poft bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings, after prefixing to his or her proteft the full tenor and contents of any one note, accepted bill, poft bill, ticket, token, or other writing afore-fa id, i ffued by the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, againft whom fuch proteft is to be taken, may and (hall fubjoin thereto the dates and numbers of all other notes or writings aforefaid, of the (ame tenor and contents whereof he or fhe (hall then demand payment; which proteft, being duly regiftered as aforefaid, (lull be fufficient warrant for ifiuing letters of horning, and all other execution of the law for payment of the contents of the whole notes, accepted bills, poft bHis, tickets, tokens, or other writings aforefaid, fo fpecified in the proteft; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwit(i-ftanding.

VII.	And whereas a pradlice has of late prevailed in thjrt part of the united kingdom, of ifluing and circulating notes as ipccie, of the nature of bank notes, for fmall fums, lefs than twenty (hillings lawful money of Great Britain, whereby great inconvcniencies have arifirn; for remedy whereof, be it further

en-

arifing from an undue delay of pay-muxtot the note.

yeral notes jointly.

Digitized by

Google

■i 765*] Anno jqu«to GEoneij III. c. 50.	47^

ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft From and ^ day of June, pue thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, np note, ter , ju" accepted bill, poft bill* ticket, token or other writing, circular- 1765, no note *d, or which may be circulated, as fpecie, in the manner of a to be iffued, hank or banker’s note, (ball be ifiued, re-iflued, or given out, a, r^efor a$ fpecie, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corpo- alefefamthaa rate, their (ervants or agents, in that part of the united king- aos. (ter. dom, for any fum or firms of money lefs than twenty (hillings lawful money of Great Britain; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding: and that the perfon or perfons, bodies on forfeiture politick or corporate, their fervants or agents, who (hall, after °f.50o{: w‘tl1 the (aid firft day of June, iflue, re-iflue, or give out, any note, fuic” °* accepted bill, poft bill, ticket, token, or other writing aforc-faid, for any fum lefs than twenty (hillings, (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, with full cofts of fait, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or profecute for the fame; to be fued for and recovered by way of fummary complaint, before the court of feflion; to be proceeded in, in manner before directed.

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall jjnaUnotei be interpreted to prevent the holders of all fuch notes, accepted npt prevented bills, poft bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings aforefoid, for hereby from futns lefs than twenty (hillings, from palling the fame in pay- puffing tbe ment until the firft day of June, one thoufend feven hundred C*™*’ “"*! ^ and fixty fix, or from demanding payment thereof from the per- from’demand-fon or perfons, bodies politick or coporate, who iflucd tbe feme, ing payment at any time.	thereof	at	any

CAP. L.	tuae*

yin	a8to enlarge the powers of,,and to render more effectual,

the	fevtral a£is, pajfed in the	third	and	fourth

years of bis prefent Majefty's	reignfor ,

lighting and	otherwife regulating the fquares,	and

other places, within tbe city and Tiberty of Weftminfter, and other parts in tbe fold a&f mentioned and for extending tbe prontifions of tbe faid to the Surrey fide of Weftminfter Bridge; and for enlarging tbe powers of tbe faid ails with refpeSl to fquares.

“\X7HER E AS an aft was made in tbe fecondyear of the reign preamble.

* * of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An alt for paving, cleanf-ing, and lighting the fquares, ftreets and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, the parities of Saint Giles in tbe	,.

Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomjbury that part of the parilh of Saint Andrew’s Holbourn which lies in the county of Middle[ex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duchy of Lancafterwhich lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other purposes there mentioned: and whereas another ail was made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to	amend,

and render more effectual, the faid laft mentioned and

an- .

Digitized by v^ooQle

480	Anno	quinto (jEORGII III. C. 5a.	(176;

another aft was made in the laft fejjion of parliament yto explain^ 0 mend and render more ejfcftuaU toe fad two laji mentioned afii '	and whereas the commiffioners for putting the faid three fevered g8

in execution, have made fome further progrefs in the trufis then? repo fed in them9 hut find that all the faid afts are defective with rt fpeft to fome of the powers thereby given, and that the feud /even afts cannot be ejfeftually put in execution, fo as to anjwer the purpofes thereby intended, unlefs fome new powers are granted, m the Jaid feveral afts in other refpefts amended, and made more t} feftual: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may h cnafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majt fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaJ ani temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled Where any of and by the authority of the fCme, That when and fo often,» the water vter the paffing of this aft, as it (hall happen, that any piped TTTS? PV681 belonging to any of the water companies, who fumifh tlx Ereak, city afM^ liberty of IVeJlminJler, and the parilhes and places com.

priced within the faid former aft, or this aft, or any or eithc of them, with water, break or burft in any of the fquare, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages or places, which (hall be begun to be paved by virtue of the faid former afts, or apd notice be of thisaa, or any or either of them, it (hall and may belawh!| fyth^com- to anc* f°r fopervifor to the faid commilfioners for thetim: miflioners fa- being, or any other pcrfon or perfons the faid commiflioners, or pervifor,to the any three or more of them, (hall appoint for that purpofe, & companies give immediate notice to the pavior of the water company to whom\e° whom he apprehends fuch pipe or pipes does or do or may be-deems fuch long, acquainting him in what fquare, ftreet or place, fuch pipe pipetobelong, or pipes fo burft or broke up lay, and requiring him to take up h l# t0 0,?n Pavement> ant* °Pcn the ground at or near the place where with?n°* days. *hc watcr (ball or may iflue by reafon of fuch pipe or pipes y ' breaking or burfting, within two days next after notice given and if the pipe to fuch pavior, or left at his laft or ufual place of abode; zd is found to be-upon taking up the pavement and opening the ground,!: mhe/compa- aPPcar> that th© P*Pe or P*PC$ fo broke or burft do not be-ny, P long to the water company whofe pavior (hall have taken up the fupervi- fuch pavement, and opened fuch ground; that then, and iniucb for is to give cafe> the fupervifor to the faid commiflioners for the time being, acco™~ or fuch other perfon or perfons who lhall be appointed for that s y * purpofe by the faid commiflioners in manner aforefaid, (hall give notice to the pavior of that company to whom it (hall appear that the faid pipe or pipes belong; luch notice to be given or left with fuch pavior, or at his laft or ufual place of abode, and fuch pa- and the pavior of the company to whom fuch pipe or pipes Va?r the^ame	ls	hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the

and fill* in the ground within fix days after fuch notice given or left as afore-ground within (aid; and, within twelve hour9 after fuch pipe (hallbe repaired fix days, and the ground filled in, give notice to the perfon or perfons anJ* E*ve *"?“ contrfcfting with the faid commiflioners to relay the pavement of havingfo^ fo broke or taken up for the reafons aforefaid, or to the fuper-done to the vifor to the {jaid cpmmiffion^rs* or fuch pther-perfon or perfons commiflioners -	as

Digitized by LjOoq le

17^5*] Anno quinto GeoRGIi HI. c. 50.	481

is (hall be appointed by the (aid commiflloners in manner afore- contractor or aid, of fuch pipe or pipes being repaired, and fuch ground be- *uPcrv“or* ng filled in, fuch notice to be given to fuch contractor, luper-vifor, or other perfon, or left at his or their laft or ufual place	.

abode: and in cafe it (hall happen that the pavior who firft ^ the receives notice to take up the pavement and open the ground inftauce is o for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall take up fuch pavement and open be fatistied tor fuch ground, and it (hall then be drfeovered that the pipe or his trouble* pipes which is, are, or (hall be burft or broke, doth or do not belong to the company to whom he is pavior ; that then, and in fuch cafe, the pavior of the company to whom fuch pipe or pipes belong (hall make fatisfaCtion to the pavior who fo took up fuch pavement and opened fuch ground for fuch work: and in cafe pav;or neg-the pavior to whom fuch notice (hall be fo given to take up fuch leCtingtoopen pavement and open fuch ground, (hall negleCt or refufe to do the ground th^fame within the faid two days after notice given; he (hall, ^ysafter0

no-#

for the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings; tlcrCt forfeits, for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings; and for the for the firit third and every other offence the (urn ot three pounds; and in offence, 20*. cafe the pavior of the company to whom fuch pipe or pipes fo q, a^dTor brQke or burft (hall belong, (hall negleCt or refufe to repair and every fubfe-amend fuch pipe or pipes, and fill in the ground fo taken up, quent offence for the fpace of fix days next after fuch notice given, or. (hall J1* negleCt to give notice to the perfon or perfons contracting with tore air the faid commiflloners to relay the pavement fo broke or taken the pipes,Pand up for the reafons aforefaid, or to the fupervifor to the faid com- fill in the* miflioners, or to fuch other perfon or perfens as fhall be ap- ground within pointed by thq/aid commiflloners in manner aforefaid; fuch pa-	th

vior (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hil- notice requir-lings; for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings; anded; for the third and every other offence, the fum of three pounds : forfeits, for and if the perfon or perfons contracting with the faid commif- ^c^rl (toners to relay fuch pavement fo broke or taken up for the rea- for the fecond, fons aforefaid, (hall negleCt or refufe to relay fuch pavement in 4os, and for a good, fufticient, and effectual manner, within two days after every fubfe-fuch notice given to him as aforefaid ; or if the fupervifor, or offcncc» other perfon to whom fuch notice (hall be given, (hall negleCi coinmiflion-to acquaint the contractor of fuch notice; then and in every ers contractor fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for the firft nor. relaying offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings; for the fecond of-fence, the fum of forty (hillings; and for the third and every ]fey”n W° other offence, the fum of three pounds.	or (upervifor

not giving him due notice, forfeit in !ikc manner.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Paviors ap-the feveral and refpeCtive paviors now appointed, or hereafter pointed by the to be appointed, by the faid feveral and refpeCtive water com- watfrc0,n-panies, (hall, and they are hereby required, vyithin the fpace of three days next after the palling of this aCt, or within the fpace diate notice " of three days next after he (hall be appointed pa\ior to to the commif-

Voi. XXVL	‘	Ii	fUcb	fipners	fuper-

vifor of their names, placet

482	Anno	quinto	Georgii	III.	C.50.	[176:,

of abode, and fuch company or companies, to give notice in writing tothi

a Na?lvcdl‘ fupervifor for the time being to the (aid commiflioners, or t:

riw Si	fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by the f»!

commiflioners, or any three or more of them, for that porpofc

of his the faid pavior’s name, place of abode, to what cotnpar

he is pavior, and in what diflridl he has the care of fuch cat-

forfeit, for pany or companies pipes; and in cafe any fuch pavior or p-

the full ot- viors fhall neglect or refufe to give fuch notice within the relpe,

for thVfe* tivc times af°refa,d, every fuch pavior fo offending in either:!

coud, 40s. the faid cafes, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fame

and for every twenty (hillings ; for the fecond offence, the fum of forty

fiibfequent fogs. an^ for the third and every other offence, the rom e offence, 3 I. three pounds>

Sewers to be III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,Tfer repaired and when and fo often as any fewer or drain, which is or (hall k\ c eanied under the direction of the commiflioners of fewers, fhall reqoin to be made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, in ar of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, cr places, which have-been or (hall be begun to be paved by virte within fix of this and the faid three former recited adts ; that then, and i: days after every fuch cafe, the faid commiflioners of fewers (hall within to to*the	days after notice given to or left for their furveyor for the ti®

miflioners, or being, at his laft or ufual place of abode, effedtually repair, dor-their Purvey- and empty, fuch fewer or drain, as the cafe may require; an! orj	in default thereof, that it (hall and maybe lawful to and for th

fault thereof ^ai<* cornm*®oners appointed by the laid three former atfs, 0: the fame may th*s a<ft, or any three or more ot them, or their furveyor or fa-be repaired veyors for the time being, to caufe fuch fetoer or drain to it apd cleanfed made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, as the ct< ^^ffitmenTuii may re(lu’re» or much thereof as (hall remain unfinifted; * dcr thUrift * charges and expences whereof (hall be paid by the cotnmifiic the expence ners for putting the faid three former a&s, and this aft, mcxca* to be paid by tion, who (hall be reimburfed the fame by the clerk or treafarcr the treafurer for the tjmc being to the faid commiflioners of fewers: andk mifTioners^of ca^c t*lc	or	treafurer	to the faid commiflioners of b-

towers, ers (hall negleft or refufe to pay what (hall have been fo pii: and difourfed, within ten days next after notice thereof fhall h left at the dwelling-houfe or laft place of abode of fuch clerk« treafurer, which notice fhall be in writing, and figned by & clerk to the commiflioners for putting this and the laid three it-cited a<fts in execution, and annexed to the bill, containing nr an a&ion account of fuch charges and expences; it (hall and may be a* for the money fol to and for the laid laft mentioned commiflioners, oran;

^ht a three or tjiore of them, and they are hereby authorized audio mdnf him"	powered to bring. Or caufe to be brought, any a&ion or tdm

in the name or names of their treafurer or treafurers for the ti® being, againft fuch clerk or treafurer of the commiffionen«

- fewers for the time being, for the recovery of fuch fiun or fuff’

'	of money, as they (hall have fo expended for the porpofestfcfr

faid ; in Vvhich a<ftion or q&ions, no effoin, protection, Qrw*p of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. <

TfM\

Digitized by v^ooQie

* 7^5-] Anno qulnto GeoRoIi III. c. 5d.

4*3

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Where the That when and fo often as any of-the pavement or pavements, fewers

in any of the iqgares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paffa- andc?einfed, fgos, or places, which (hall be begun to be paved by virtue of this	*

or the (aid three former adls, (hall be taken up by the commit iioners of fewers for the purpofe of making new, altering, repairing, cleanfing, or emptyiog, any fewer or fewers, drain or drains, under the direction of the commiffioners of feWers, the furveyor for the time being to the laid commiffioners of fewers lhall, lb foon as fuch fewer or fewers, drain or drains, (hall be made new, altered, repaired, cleanfcd, or emptied, as the cafe may be, give immediate notice to the perfon or perfons contrail- jmrTW<jjate ing with the faid commiffioners to relay the pavement fo broke notice there-or taken up for the reafons aforefaid, or to the fupervifor to the of is to be faid commiffioners, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall begiven!£tl,c appointed by the faid commiffioners in manner aforefaid* in or- ^Mvior1* der that the pavement or pavements fo taken up may be relaid or fupervifor, and replaced under the direction of the faid commiffioners fur- for relaying ’ veyor or furveyors, or fuch other perfon or perfons as the faidthc Pavc-commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint for mcnt> that purpo(e; and in cafe fuch furveyor to the commiffioners of (ewers (hall make default in giving fuch notice twelve hours after fuch fewer or fewers, drain or drains, (hall be fo made new* altered, repaired, cleanfed, or emptied, as the cafe may be, the-faid furveyor to the faid commiffioners of fewers (hall forfeit and on forfeiture pay the fum of forty (hillings.	of 40 s*

V.	And ^vhereas the claufe in the faid recited adt of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, which relates to the commiffioners of lewers making new or additional, or repairing or altering any of the old grates-belonging to the faid commiffioners of fewers,' in any of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paffages,

. or places, which had been or lhould be begun to be paved by virtue of that and the two former a<5ts, has been found ineffectual ; by reafon there is no provifion in the faid claufe to recover any money which (hall be expended by the commiffioners appointed by the faid laft recited adt, or the two former a$s, where the commiffioners of fewers (hall negledt or refufe to make new, repair, alter, or lay down, grates in the manner by the faid claufe diredled, and alfo by reafon that the meetings of the faid commiffioners of fewers are frequently intermitted for a confidcrablc time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiffioners of fewers (hall, and they Commiffion-are hereby required, within the fpace of one month next after ers of fewer* the paffing of this adt, to appoint fome fit and proper perfon to to appoint a receive all fuch notice or notices which the faid commiffioners, ceWe'notic^ or any three or more of them, or their furveyor or furveyors,occafionally (hall haveoccafion to fend, from time to time, for the making fen^them new or additional, or for repairing or altering any of the old from the com-grates belonging to the faid commiffioners of lewers, in any of ^cl^n^r^n" faid fquares, ltrects, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paffages,	1

or. places* which have been or (hall be begun to be paved

I i 2	by

Digitized by L 3Qle

484	Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.	[176'.

by virtue of this and the faid three former ad's; and in cafe dc the death of fuch perfon, or removal from his office, to appoint another in his (lead at their firft meeting next after fuch death in default of or removal; and In default of fuch appointment, from time to fuch appoint- time, that then fuch notice or notices (ball be given to or Wt may*te kft** t^iec^er^ clerks for the time being to the faid commifiio-with their ners °f fewers, at his or their ufual office, dwelling, or place of clerk; abode; and in cafe the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch notice and if the re- or notices (hall be given or left in manner aforefaid, fhall negled fn fuchnSticesor rc^u^c t0 ma^c new, repair, alter, and lay down, or caufe or lhall not be procure to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, fuch tmadc good grate or grates as (hall be fpecified in fuch notice or notices, for within 7 days, the fpace of feven days next after fuch notice or notices fhall the ccramif- ^ 6*vcn or left m manner aforefaid, it (hall and may* be lawful fionera under to and for the (kid commiffioners appointed by the faid recited this aft may ads, or this ad, or any three or more of them, or their furveyor compieat the or furveyors for the time being, to caufe fuch grate or grates as fame,	fhall ^ nccefl*ary'to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid

down, to be fo made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the and charge the expence whereof (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons to whom expence:	fuch notice or notices fhall be given or left as aforefaid; and m

and if not paid cafe of nonpayment thereof within four days next after notice in 4 days, . in writing, to be figned by the clerk to the faid commiflionm for paving, appointed by the faid recited ads, or this ad, or by order of the faid commiffioners, or any three or more or them, given or left at the office, or ufual dwelling, or place of may brina an a^oc^e> °f foch c^er^ or clerks, perfon or perfons; it fhall and adion for the may lawful for the faid commiffioners appointed as aforefaid, money. or any three or more of them, to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adions in the name of their treafurer for the time being, againft any clerk or clerks, perfon or perfons, for the recovery of the money fo expended by the faid commtllioners on the account aforefaid ; in which adion or adions no eftoin, pro-tedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fbaH be allowed.

Thecommif- VI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

orderV^lsV That ** ^aH anc* ma.v ^	to	anc^	f°r ^ Commifli-

be dug^in pro- ©ners> or any three or more of them, to caufe to be dug and per pkccs, funk in fuch place or places in any of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paffages, or places, which fhall be begun '	to be paved by virtue of the faid former ads, and of this ad,

or in any fquare, ftreet, lane, court, yard, alley, paflage, or place, adjoining to fuch fquare, ftreet, lane, court, yard, paflage, or place, which (hall have fo been begun to be paved (providedft does not exceed ten yards in diftance) as they, or any three or more of them, (hall think neceflary and convenient, any well and pumps	or wells j and alfo to ered any pump or pumps on or near the

ereded for	fame, for the purpofe of watering all or any part of the feveral

watering the fqUares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, or places,

CUi to he Completed by virtue of the laid former adi^apd of this

*

17£5.]	AQno guinto GeoRGIi III. c. 50.

4 ?5

aCi, or either of them, in fuch manner as the (aid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall direCl.

VII.	And whereas feveral of the Janes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places, which lead out of or into the fquares, dreets, lanes, and other places, which have been or may be completed by virtue of the faid recited aCts, or of this a<51, are inhabited by poor perfons; and feveral of the houfes in fuch places are frequently let out in tenements, and the inhabitants and occupiers of fuch places, having no conveniency to lay or depofit their dud or alhes, the fame is often thrown, cad, or laid in the lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paiTages, and places, which are not paved, cleanfed, and lighted, under the direction of the faid commiflioners, and alfo in.fuch fquares, dreets, lanes, and other places, out of or into which fuch lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places, lead, and which are paved under the direction of the laid commiflioners, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants and paflengers: for remedy whereof, be it enaCted

by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and may alfo and for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, caufe a num-to caufe to be made or ereCted in any of the fquares, dreets, jwof dud lanes, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, which (hall be begun t^be to be paved by virtue of the faid former aCts, or of this aCt, or ere&ed where either of them, or in any of the lanes, courts, yards, alleys, necefiary, paflages, and places, which are not paved, cleanfed, and lighted, under the direction of the faid commiflioners, as they the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall think ne- for deoolitine ceflary and convenient, fuch a number of moveable or fixed dud daft and * boxes, dud holes, or other conveniencies wherein dud and alhes alhes, till re-may be depofired, until the refpeCtive fcavenger or fcavengers moved by the Ihall take and clear away the fame.	fcavenger.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, powers, &c. of That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, provili- the former ons, regulations, claufes, matters, and things whatfoever, con- a&s, and this tained in the faid recited former aCts, and this a£t, or either of ^the^nv them, (hall extend to that part of the road adjoining to the abut- f,deof ^Weft-ments of Weftminfler Bridge, on the Surry fide thereof, which minder now is paved with done of any fort, as effectually, to all intents Bridge|

and purpofes, ds if the refpeCtive powers, authorities, directions, provifions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things, in the faid aCts, or either of them, contained, were herein repeated and fpecially enaCted.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority a- but fo at not, forefaid. That nothing in the faid former aCts, or in this aCt, to interfere contained, (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to Wejlmm- ^vcftecfhT* fier Bridge, or the abutments thereof, or in any manner to af- the commif-feCt, alter, or repeal, any of the powers, authorities, truds, fioners for th» edates, or intereds, given to, or veded in, the commiflioners faid bridge, for building a bridge crofs the river Thames* from the city of Wejlminjler to the oppofite (hore in the county of Surrey, in or

by virtue of any aCt or aCts of parliament.

£. And whereas it frequently happens, by reafon that the

com-

leaven get cannot come with their carts,

fo as npt to excee<

4*6	Anno	quinto	Georgii III. C. 50.	£1765.

commiflioners do not at prefent pave, ckanfe, or light, ac? courts, yards, alleys, paflages, or places whefe the fcavengers cannot come with their carts, which lead out of, into, or immediately communicate with, the feveral ftreets and places whick have been hitherto paved, cleanfed, and lighted, by and unde the direction of the faid commiflioners, great inconvenienciej have arifen to the feveral inhabitants of the faid places which art not paved, lighted, and cleanfed, under the direftion of the&d commiflioners, by the parifh fcavenger frequently negteftingto come into thofe places to take away the duft, afhes, and other filth, from their refpeftive houfes, and to clean fuch places; be made by the lt t^ere^ore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That firom and commiflioners afor the parting of this aft, one or more rate or rates, afleffment j upon the or afleflittcnls, (hall, twice in every year, or oftener, if it (hall lands, hqufes, fce thought needful by the faid commifliofters, or any five or nemetits^in6 more of them, be made, laid, and artefled, by the laid commit* I courts anti loners, or any five or more of them, upon all and every tiw paflages where lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufe, cellars, vaults, or other tene-fcavenders ments, within fuch courts, yards, alleys, paflages, or places, as aforefaid, in fuch competent fuin or fums of money as the (aid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall yearly and every year, order and direct, fo as fuch rates or aflefiinents do d in not exceec* m the whole the fum of three pence in the pound the pound of *n any one year of the yearly rent of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, the rmt, as af- Warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, as the fame (hall feffed to the have been ascertained and rated towards the relief of the poor fn order to de- *n P***^ or P^acc refpeAively, for each preceding year, in fray the ex- order to defray the expence of carrying away fuch duft, a(he% pence of re- and other filth, and cleanfing fuch places; which rate or rates, moving the afleflment or afi'efiments, (hall be paid quarterly, by fuch period clea* f3)11* fuch anc* Per^ons» an^ *n proportion, manner, and form, as the places1}g UCI* rates towards the relief of the poor are now paid; and with fuch the rates to be powers and authorities as are directed by the faid feveral recited paid quartetly afts for the recovery of the rates and afleflmerits to be levied as the poor an(j raifcc] for paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreet^ lanes, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places, comprifed in faid recited afts, and this aft, or any or either of them ; and the perfon or perfons paying fuch rate or rates, (hall be and ire hereby dilcharged from the payment of the parochial fcavengers rate; any thing in this or any former aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

XI. And whereas feveral houfes, and other buildings, are very frequently erefted, and fo far finifhed as to have the roots covered in, and others fo much further finifhed as to be fit for tenants to dwell therein ; but for want of being let or tenanted, through the negligence of the owners, and for other Caufes, are not rated to the poor, and fherefore cannot be charged with any Commiflion- ra(e or afleflment by virtue of any of the faid recited afts; be it ers *<r!Powcrc<I therefore enafted oy the authority aforefaid. That until fuch buihlings co- houfes, or other buildings, (hall be rated to the poor, it (hall vered in, or and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any

five

rates}

and the perfons paying the fame are difeharged from the parochial fca-Vdhgett me.

Digitized by

Google

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.	487

five or more of them, and they are hereby required, when and finiflied mt fuch time and times as the rates and afleflments hereby, and though un-in the faid recited afts, or either of them* are direfted to be tenanted» made, to rate and aflefs all fuch houfes, and other buildings, fituate, Handing, lying, and being, within the faid parifhesand places comprifed within the faid recited afts, or this aft, or either of them, which are or lhall be erefted and covered in, or are fit to be inhabited, at a rate not exceeding fix pence for every	•	.

fquare yard of land or ground belonging to the fronts or fides £ ^ of fuch houfe, or other building, to be laid, received, recovered, 0f tile fronts and applied, in fuch manner as other rates and afliffments are or Tides of direfted to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, by the faid fuch build-former afts, or this aft, or either of them.

XII. And whereas the daufe in the faid firft recited aft, which relates to the inflicting penalties on perions who (hall fet out, lav, drive or carry, or caufe or procure, permit or fuffer, to be let out, laid, drove or carried, any coach, cart, dray, waggon, or other carriage, wheels, timber, ftones, or any other material, matter, or thing, which may occafton any annoyance, nuifance, or obftnjftion whatfoever, and alfo fufferingany cart, waggon, or other carriage, to remain longer than is needful and proper, for the loading or unloading thereof refpeftively, has been found ineffectual: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall A1j obftnl(> and may be lawful to and for the perfon already appointed by tions ancj the faid commifiioners, or for any other perfon or perfonshere- nuiiancesin after to be appointed by the laid commifiioners, or any three or *he Erects, more of them, to fupervife and infpeft nuifanccs^obftruftions,11"aces^o be tod other annoyances, found in any of the fquares, ftreets, removed with-Unes, courts, yards, alleys, pafiages, or places, which have been in fix hours or lhall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the faid three a .t<51* notice former afts, to give notice to the perfon or perfons who lhall fet commiflioners out, lay, drive, or carry, or caufe or procure, permit or fuffer, Tupcrviior * to be fet out, laid, drove, or carried, any coach, cart, dray,	*

waggon, or other carriage, wheels, timber, ftones, or any other material, matter, or thing, which raayoccafioh any annoyance, nuifance, or obftruftion whatfoever, in any of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, pafiages, or places, which have been or (hall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the faid three former afts, to remove the fame within the fpace of fix hours next after fuch notice given ; and in cafe the perfon on forfeiture or pcrlbns who lhall fo fet out, lay, drive, or carry, the fame, or for the firtt caufe the fame to be fo fet out, laid, drove, or carried, lhall not offence, of remove, or caufe the fame to be removed, within the fpace of 1° *• f fix hours, every fuch perfon and perfons £0 offending lhall, for oj^os. * the firft offenca, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings ; for the fecond for every fub-offence, the fum of twenty (hillings; and for the third and every fequent of-other offence, the fum of forty (hillings.	fence, 40 s.

XIII.	And whereas the terrafles and fteps on the weft fide of Saint James\ Street, are very incommodious and inconvenient to foot pafiengers and fedan chairs, and accidents frequently

I i 4	happen

Digitized by v^ooQle

The commif-

Anno quinto Ge6RGH III. -C* 50.	$	176f

happen thereby: and whereas the porch fixed or adjoining to \ certain houfe on the eaft fide of the faid ftrect, and cofnmon]) called or known by the name of Arthur's chocolate houfe, breaks in upon the foot pavement: and whereas the (hop* or fheds built againft and adjoining to the fouth fide of Exeter exchange in the Strand; and alfo the porch belonging to the faid exchange on the fouth fide thereof, caufe that part of the Strand to be very narrow and incommodious to paffengers, both in carriages add on foot: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afbre&id, fone™ arei'm- That upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be powered, up- agreed to be paid for the premiffes above mentioned, or fuch on making part or parts thereof as (hall be thought neceffary by-the hid t0 comn3iffi oners, or any five or more of them, to be pulled down, e nmnr.e. removed, and taken away, for the purpofe of making the (aid ftreets and places more fafe and commodiousto the publick ; or if no agreement or contra# (hall be made, then upon making fetisfaftion, in manner herein after mentioned, to the owner or owners of, and perfon or perfons interefted m, fuch premiflfes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, to take down, orfeiufe or procure to be taken down, the faid terrafles and fteps, and to fill up and difeontinue the cellars, vaults, and other buildings, under the fame; and alfo to take" down and remove the faid porch, and the rails, fteps, and fences, belonging thereto, in Saint James's Street aforefaid ; and likewife the faid (hops or (beds built againft or adjoining to the fouth fide of Exeter exchange aforefaid, and the porch eredted againft or adjoining to the faid exchange on the fouth fide thereof, or any part or parts of fuch premises re-fpedtivcly, as (hall be neccffary for the purppfes aforefaid ; and »nd to fell the caufe the materials thereof to bo removed and taken away, or

the proprietors, to re-move the terra ffes and fteps on the weft fide of Saint James's Street, the porch at Arthur’s chocolate houfe, and the (heds and porch at Exeter exchange j

materials;

fold, and the money arifing from fuch fale to become the property of the commiffioners, and to be difpofed of for the before mentioned purpofes : and this a# (hall be fufficient to indemnify the faid commiffioners, and all perfons authorized by them, againft the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, of any of the faid owners or occupiers, as if the fame had been fold by deed of feoffment, bargain and fale, or other affurance in the law, or by fine and recovery, or by any other conveyance whatfoever.

XIV.* And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, jokou man That if any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation refuTe to*treat aggre?3te or f°le, feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, for the fale of guardians, committees, or other truftees, femes-covert, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, in any wife interefted in any of the faid premiffes, upon ten days notice to them given, or left in writing at the houfe or houfes, place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or perfons, or of the treasurer, fecretary, clerk, or other officer officiating as fecretary, clerk, or treafurer, of fuch body politick, corporate, or collegiate, or aggregate or foie, or at the ho ife, (hop, (bed, or other place, of the tenant in pqffedion of fuch premiffes, (hall negle# or refufe to treat, or

*	(hall

And if the parties inte-retted (hall

the premises, af»er notice gi'fcn,

or (hall not agree about th (price.

Digitized by Google

17651 Anno quinto Georgii til. c. 50.	48$

ihall not agree for the fale of any fuch premifles, or any part or the commif-parts thereof, or for their intereft therein; then, and in every	a-

fuch cafe, the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, {^and da-* lhaH caufe the value of the premifles to be inquired into and af- mages to be certained, by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent inquired into, men of the city and liberty of IVeJlminJier, or county of Middle• . ********

/**, as the cafe (hall require (which oath the faid commiffioners, a ,ury 1 or any five or more ot them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) what damages will be fuftained by, and what recompence and fetisfadtion mall be made to, fuch owners, occupiers, or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons interefted in the premifles before mentioned, or any part or parts thereof, which the faid commiffioners (hall want to remove, pull down, or take away, for their refpedtive interefts therein; and™ order . thereunto, the faid cpromiffioners, or any five or more of them, ^n^uporf** are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as there oath fuch wit-lhall be occafion, to fummon and call before the faid jury, and neflfes as <haU examine upon oath all perfons whatfoever, who (hall be thoughtbc neceffaiV neceflary or proper to be examined as witnefles touching or con-	thc

cemingthe premifles; which oajh the faid commiffioners, or any p # three or more of them,are hereby impowered and required toadmi- and order the nifter; and if any of the parties interefted (hall rcqueft the fame, jury to view or the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall the places in think it neceflary, (hall alfo caufe the faid jury to view the place on| or places in queftion, and (hall ufe all other lawful ways and means, as well for their own as for the faid jury's better, information ip the premifles, in fuch manner as they the faid cora-miffioners, or any five of them, (hall think fit; and after the faid jury (hall have fo inquired of, afeertained, and fettled, fuch Commiffion-damage and recompence, they the faid commiffioners, or any thVmone^J? five or more of them, (hall thereupon order and adjudge the ftfled t^be3 * fum or fums of money fo aflefled by the faid jury for fuch pre- paid to the mifles as aforefaid, to be paid to the perfons interefted in the parties inte-feid premifles, or any part or parts thereof, according to the ver- ******} didt or inquifition of the faid jury; which faid verdidt and in- an(j fuc|, quifition, and the order and adjudication fo had and made, (hall did* and adju. be final and coriclufive to all intents and purpofes, againft all dication is to parties or perfons whatfoever, claiming in pofleffion, reverfion, ** a°d remainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors, or adminiftra- conc u VC| tors*, and fucceflors refpedtively, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes-covert, lunaticks, ideots, and perfons under any other difability whatfoever, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as all other perfon or perfons whomfoever; and all and every fuch owners, occupiers, and and the parties proprietors, and all and every perfon and perfons in any wife in-terefted in the premifles, or any part or parts thereof, (hallthepremifl^ thereby be, from and after the money fo aflefled and adjudged P as aforefaid, (hall be paid, tendered, or left, as herein after di-retfted, to all intents and purpofes, divefted of all right, title, claim, intereft, or property, of, in, to, or out of, the fame.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Th*

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.	[1765.

That for the fummoning and returning of fuch jury or juries, the faid commiflioners, or any five orjnore of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, toiflue their warrant or warrants to the high bailiff of Wejlminjlery or to the (heriff of the faid county, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, fum-mon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty four perfons to appear before the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be ap-

Eointed, of which time and place all parties interefted dial] ave ten days notice given or left in manner herein laft before mentioned j and the laid high bailiff or (heriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, fiimmon, and return, fuch twenty four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of foch of them as (hall appear according to or upon fuch fummons, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, fhall caufe to be fworn twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid; and for default of a fufficient number of jurymen, the faid high bailiff or (heriff, or bis or their deputy or deputies, (hall return many the ftanders-by as (hall be neceflary to make up the wfiirn^ number of twelve to ferve on fuch jury.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons concerned (hall, from time to time, have their lawful challenges (but not to challenge the array of the pannel) againft any of the faid jurymen when they come to be (worn ; and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, acting in the premifles, (hall have power from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine or fines on fuch high bailiff or (heriff, his or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premifles, and on any of the perrons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and fhall not appear or refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verdid, or in any manner wilfully negle&ing their duty therein.

490

Commiflioners to iflue warrants to the high bailiff or (heriff, for Aimmon-ing and returning inch jury}

who are to

fummon and return fuch jury accord-

*»6jy 5

smd lor want of a fufficient number appearing, any ot the ltand-

returned.

Jqry may be challenged.

Commiflioners impowered to fine the*high bailiff and the-riff, or their deputies, making default in the premifles $

jury and evidences not doing their duty.

as likewHe the contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a; and on any of the perfons who, being required to give evidence touching the premifles, (hall refufe to be examined or to give evidence, and from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines, in fuch manner as any penalties in the faid recited a&s are direded to be levied and received, fo as that no fuch fine (hail exceed the fum of ten pounds upon any one perfon for any one offence.

Where the XVII. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, parties inte- That in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum or fums refted cannot Qf money (hall be fo aflefled or due as aforefaid, cannot be found, deputes (hail or by r^afpn of difputes depending in any court of law or be depending equity, or for default of evidence, or otherwife, it (hall not spin the courts, pear to the faid commiflioners what perfon or perfons is or are intitled, or if any mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refufe to take in his, her, or their mortgage money due 00 the premifles after the fums af- notice given him, her, or them foe that purpofe; then, and in ^edre^flrir an<* cvcry cakor it (hall and may be lawful to and ™ **	9	for the (aid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, to or-

der

Digitized by L^ooQle

i7^5-3 Anno quinto Georoii III. 0.5a	491

der the fum or fums fo aflefled and awarded as aforefaid, or as !**y be ©aid fhall be due on fuch mortgage, to be paid into the bank of w*® the bank, England in the name of the treafurer of the faid commiffioners for the time being, and of any three or more of the faid com-miflioners, for the ufe of the parties interefted in the faid pre- for the ufe of miflfes, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to	P*1*"

their refpeeftive eftates and interefts in the faid premises asnc** the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall, by any order to be made by them, direeft.

AVIII. And whereas frequent applications have been made to the commiffioners by the inhabitants of particular fquares, ftreets, and places, requefting them to new pave fuch fquares, ftreets, and places, and take them under the direction of the (aid commiffioners; and offering to lend money at intereft upon the rates of fuch fquares, ftreets, and places : and whereas it is apprehended, That if the inhabitants of particular fquares, ftreets, and places, or others, would raife among themfelves fuch competent fum and fums of money as would be fufficient to new pave fuch particular fquare, ftreet, and place, or ftreets and places, it would be a means of greatly forwarding the feve-, ral works under the direction of the faid commiffioners ; be it therefore further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall Where the in-and may be lawful to and for the inhabitants of any particularity1 fquare, ftreet, or place within the liberty, parifhes, and places, culariquareor comprifed in the faid former a<fts, or this a<ft, or any or either ftreet mall of them, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to raife raifc acompe-from time to time fuch competent fum or fums of money ^Jh^new jw-(hall be fufficient to new pave fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or "hereof;-place, fo as three fourths of the owners and occupiers of houfes and (hall con-in fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place, (hall be willing and fent to put the contenting to the new paving, and putting the fame under the [h^dheaioa -direction of the commiffioners; and fuch Turn and fums of mo- of^h^com^ ney, when fo raifed, (hall be paid to the faid commiffioners, or miflioners, any three or more of them, or to their treafurer or treafurers and pay inthe for the time being, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid im™«y commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall direA andco appoint; and which money, when fo paid and received, (hall be depofited in the bank or England* and thence iffued and applied by the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, for new paving fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place: and it the coramif-(hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or 2npC^vw^the any five or more of them, by any writing or writings under rateTaTsTfe-their hands and feals, to affign over and convey the rate or rates, curity for re-affeflment or afTeflments, of fuch particular fquarer ftreet, and payment of place, and as a fecurity for the repayment of the fums fo raifed	-

and received for the purpofes aforefaid, with legal or lower in- m * tereft for the fame ; and alfo to lay fuch further rate as may be neceflary for tfie purpofes of cleanfing, lighting, and keeping in repair, fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place 5 and the treafurer or treafurers for the time being to the faid commiffioners Treafurer to (hall, from time to time, keep the accounts of receipts and dif- kc*P a leP*-

burfe-r - ccount

Digitized by

Google

menu, other tranf-a&ions relating to fuch fan are or place.

Surplus money to be placed out at intereft, till it amount to a competent fum for paying one or more creditors.

The inhabit-

492	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	III.	c.	50.	[1765-

of the receipts bur fements, and other bulinefs and tranfa&ions relating to fuch and disburse- particular fquare, ftreet, or place, feparate and diftinil from the ments. and othcr account$ an(j tranfadtions of the commiflioners: and if any fum or fums of money (hall at any time remain, over and above what fhall be fufficient to new pave fuch fquare, ftreet, or place, and pay the intereft of the fums raifed and received, luck fum or fums mall be applied towards paying off the fum or hinu of money fo borrowed as aforefaid ; and for that purpofc may be placed out at intereft on government fecurities,. in the max of any three or more of the commiflioners for the time being, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the faid coouniffioncrs, a any three or more of them, (hall diredt or appoint, till the hex (hall amount to a competent fum for paving one or more creditor or creditors lending money on (uch particular (quart, ftreet, or place.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the as-ants to bepre* thority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall ex-vened inor- tenc*» or	to	extend,	to	authorize or impower the

der to'give &id commiflioners to new pave any fuch particular fquare, ftreet, their aifent or or place, upon application to them by the inhabitants thereof as diflent to fuch aforefaid, unlefs one month’s notice at the lead of fuch applka-meature. tion (hall be publifhed in the London Gazette, requiring the owners and occupiers of houfes in fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place, to meet at the time and place in fuch notice to be mentioned, to (ignify their aflent to, or diflent from, the new paving fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place, as (hall be (penned in fuch notice 5 and alfo unlefs notice in writing fhall be left at every houfe, then occupied in fuch	particular fquare,

ftreet, or place, one month at the leaft before the time of fiich meeting; and alfo unlefs three fourths of the owners and occupiers of houfes in fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place, IhaS confent thereto in writing under their refpedive hands ; and in cafe any owner or occupier (hall negleil to attend fuch meeting, tendTdcemed according to fuch refpedive notices, he or	(he fo negieding,

to affent.	Oiall be deemed to have given his or her aflent	to the new paring

fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place as aforefaid.

Where the oc- XX. Provided always, That where the occupier of any houfe cupier (hall within any fuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place as afbreflud, have atermof (ha]j have at jcaft a term Qf fCVcn years unexpired therein at the TOoreTunex- ^mc not,ccs	g*vcn	35	aforefaid,	or any longer tens,

pired, his af- that then, and in every fuch cafe, the aflent of the owner of (bch fent only is houfe (hall not be neceflary to be had or obtained for the pw-neceflaryp0fe aforefaid ; and where the occupier of any houfe within any (haai'nothavefuch particular fquare, ftreet, or place, as aforefaid, (hall not fuch term, have fuch term therein, at the time (uch notices (hall be given the perfon un- as aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon upder der Whom wh°m fuch occupier holds (hall be deemed to be the owner his dStSSe* thereof for the purpofes aforefaid 5 and every fuch perfon may, diflent to the as well as the occupier of fuch houfe, attend the meetings pur-view paving, fuant to fuch notices aforefaid, and give his, her, or their af-lent to, or diflent from, the new paving fuch particular fiju^re,

Perfon s neglecting to at-

1

Digitized by L^ooQle

493

17^5*3 Anno quinto GboRgii III. c. 50.

ftreet, or place, as ihall be exprefied in fuch notices refpedively.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, £ntry to ^ "That copies of alignments and conveyances made in or by vir- made of aU tue of and in purfuance of this ad, ihall be entered in a book affignments or books to be kept for that purpofe by thetreafurer or clerk to an<* convey-the laid commiffioners; and all and every oerfon and perfons to ancc8# whom any fuch aflignmentor conveyance mail be made as afore- Method of af-laid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by af-ligament under his, her, or their hand or hands, and to be in-	®*

dorfed on the back of his, her, or their fecurity, or by any other writing or writings, which Ihall be executed in the prefence of two or more credible witnefles, to affign over or transfer his, her, or their right to the principal or intercft money thereby fecured to any perfon or perfons whomfoever ; all which affign- Affignments ments or transfers (hall be produced and notified to the faid trea- to be oroduc-iurer or clerk within thirty days after the date thereof, who ihall «d and notifi-caufe an entry of fuch affignment or affignments, containing day7to the10 f the date, names of the parties, and fums of money therein treafurer or mentioned to be affigned and transferred, in the faid book or clerk, and an 1 books to be kept for entering the faid original affignments and cnt*T h*

, conveyances, for which the treafurer or clerk ihall be paid the paying { fum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more ; and which a*76d. * 5 1 laid book or books ihall and may at all feafonable times be pe- Books of ea-5 rufed and infpeded without fee or reward by any perfon orper- yy"**7 be in-fons interefted in fuch fecurity or fecurities, affignment or affign- fp^edgrami , ments; and after fuch entry made, fuch affignment and transfer | (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, and their executors, admi- and affign-niftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in fuch manner affign or tranf- quotus.

( fer again, and fo toties quoties; and it (hall not be in the power . of any perfons who (hall have made fuch affignment or transfer, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies

thereon due.	r -

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in ,,0t[o extend the faid former ads, or this ad, contained, (hall extend, or be to places pa*-, conlhuod to extend, to any place or places which are paved, ed, cleaned, deanfed, and lighted, under any particular ad or ads of par- °/ hghted.un-lomem.

XXIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That The charges when any defedive or bad pavement ihall be mended, altered, of repairing or repaired, by the order or diredion of the faid commiffioners, pa^.nentsbe-or any three or more of them, by virtue of the powers given by ^uTes occu-the ad pafied in the third year of ht9 prefent Majcfty’s reign, pje<i ^y am-and which ihall adjoin to, or belong to, any lands, houfes, (hops, bafladorsor warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or any part or foreign minif-parts thereof, within the faid city and liberty, parilhes and tcr*» places, comprized in the faid laft recited ad, which (hall, at

any time from and after the paffing this ad, be occupied or held by any ambafiador or minifter from any foreign prince or ftate, or other perfon or perfons not liable by law to pay the charges and expences of fuch amending, altering, or repairing; that 1	v	then,

Digitized by

Google

A

494-

are to be paid by the com-miffioners, who arc to be reimburfed by the owners j

and they may bring an action for the fame.

Commiflion-ers may order monies for the charges of fuch works to be ifined accordingly.

All writings lobe tax-tree.

Comitiifii oners recovering In any adion brought by . them.

are to have double colts.

Anno quinto Geokgii III. c. 50.	f

then, and in every fuch cafe, the charges and cxpences thorn (hall be paid by the faid commiflioners, who (hall be reimburse: and paid the fame by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars vaults, or other tenements refpedively; and in cafe of non-paymcc! thereof, within ten days next after notice in writing to be fea-ed by the clerk to the (aid commiflioners for the time being, hr order of the faid cotnmiflioners, or any three or more of theta, and annexed to a copy of the hill, containing an account of tk expence of fuch repairs, given or left at the laft or moft ufo* place of abode of fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to pay the lame; or in cafe fuch refpedive place of abode (hall not be known, then within ten days^ext after fuch notice in writing, figned as aforefoid, (hall he affixed on fame conip-cuous part of fuch land, or left for fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, with any perfon or per fans in fuch boric (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement refpedively,tbc (aid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall and may, if thogjbink proper, bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adtou?, in the name of their treafurer for the time being, a-gainft any fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, for fuch charges and expences ; in which adion or adions no (bin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordaid, That from and after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, to iflue money, or caufe the fame to be 10ued, for payment of bills for any work or works that has or have been ordered to be done and performed by fuch a nqmber of com-miffioners as is direded by any of the faid former ads, upon fuch work or works being fo done and performed.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid. That no nomination, appointment, order, contrad, bond, warrant, precept, judgement, convidion, affignment, indorfement, transfer, or other writing whatfoever, under the hand and fad, or hands and feals of, or only figned by, any commiffioncror commiflioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and fealso^ or only (igned by, any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, relating to the execution of this ad, or the laid two laft recited ads, (hall be charged or chargeable with any duty whatsoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid, That if any adion or adions (hall be brought by order of the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, agaiaft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for the recovery of any money or monies laid out or expended by the faid catfmiffioncrst by virtue of the faid three former ads, or of this ad; and a ventid (hall be had and given againft fuch perfon or perfons agrinft whom fuch adion or adions (hall be brought; faeh perfon of perfons (hall pay double cods; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs ht

fuch

Digitized by

Google

i7^5*1	Anno	quinto	Ceoroii III. c. 50.	495

fuch adion or a&iqns, (halLhavc fuch remedy and remedies for recovering the fame, as any plaintiff or plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their cofts, in any other cafes by law.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Perfon* ag-authority aforefaid, That ir any perfon fhall think himfelf ag- graved raaj grieved by any thing done in purfuance of this a<d, and for which 1I0 particular method of relief hath been already appointed, fuch 2n*, perfon may appeal to the judices of the peace at any quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife and within three months after the caufe of fuch complaint fhall have arifen; fuch appellant . . firft giving, or caufipg to be given, twenty one days notice at If^uch^teSL ,the feaft in writing, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal tj0llf and of the mattef thereof, to the clerk or treafurer to the faid commiflioners; and within two days after fuch notice, entering and entering into recognizance before fome juftiteof the peace for ftieh coun- into a recog-ty or place, with two fufficient fureties, conditioned to try fuch mzancc* appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay fuch cods as fhall be awarded by thejudices at fuch quarter feflions : and the faid juftices to judices at fuch feflions, upon due proof of fuch notice being hear and degiven as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, pYaTsTnafuin-fhall hear and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch „ary way. appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cods to the parties appealing or appealed againd, as they the faid judices fhall think proper ; and the determination of fuch quarter feflions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes.

XXVIII.	And be it further cnatfed by the authority afore- Penalties and faid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this a6t impofed (the forfeiture* manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other- how t0 be wife particularly directed) fhall be levied and recovered by dif-^p*££am4 trefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant pp under the hand and feal of fuch judice of the peace for the faid

county of Mtddlefcx, or the city and liberty of JVeJiminJier, as the cafe may be, which warrant fuch judice is hereby impower-ed and required to grant, upon the confeflion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witnefs or witneffes upon oath (which oath fuch judice is hereby impowered to adminifler) and the penalties and forfeitures - when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whofe goods and chattels (hall be fo didrained and fold (the charges of fuch didrefs and fale being fird deduced) fhall be paid to the treafurer to the faid com-miflioners for the time being, and be applied towards the purpofes of this a<d.

XXIX.	And be it further tna&ed by the authority aforefaid, proceedings That no proceeding to be had touching the ooftvi&ion of any not to be offender or offenders againd this aft, or any order made, or quarticd for other matter or thing to be done or tranfa&ed in or relating to lemovea-^ the execution of this a<5t, (hall be vacated or quafhed for want of blefy Corti* form, or be removed by Certiorari> or any other writ or procefs eran.

2	what-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

496

Anno quinto GeoAgii III. €.51.	[	c	705.

whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IFejl-minfter ; any law or ftatuteto the contrary fiotwithfianding. Limitation of XXX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, aftiont. That no adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuahee of this adt, until, twenty one days notice (hall be thereof given in writing to the clerk ortreafurer to the faid commifiioners, or after fufficient (atisfac-tion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fa<5t committed, for which fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits (hall be fo brought \ and all fuch adtions and fuits fhall be laid and tried in the county or place where fuch matters and things refpe«5five-ly (hall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch adtions and General ifliie ^u^ts* every of them, may plead the general ifliie, and give this adt and .the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon j and that the matter or thing for which fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits (hall be (o brought; was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a St: and if the faid matter or thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch adtion or fuit was brought before twenty one days notice thereof given as aforefaid, or that fufficient iatisfadtion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch action or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purpofe limited, or (hall be laid in any other county or ptace than as aforefaid ; then the jury or juries (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein ; and if a verdidt or verdid^s (hall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of fuch adtion or adtions j, or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers in fuch adtion or adtions, judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein ; then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant Treble cofts. or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cotts, in any other cafes by law*

CAP. LI.

An a El for repealing fever al laws relating to the manufaSnre of woollen cloth in the county of York, and alfo fo much of Jeveral other laws as prefer ties particular ftandards of width and length of fuch woollen cloths *, and for fubftitut-ing other regulations of the cloth trade within the weft riding of the faid county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth, and for preferving the credit of the faid manufafture at foreign tnarkets.

T T J H E Jl E A S an afl was made in the feventb year of the reign citfnraJt VV of her late majejly Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for the 7 Aunc. 4	.	better	afeertaining	the	lengths	and	breadths of the woollen doth

made

Digitized by LjOOQle

497

*7^5*1 Anrio quintd GeoEgiI III.

rinade in the county of York ; and whereat another aP of parlia-merit zvas made and paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late	q f

Ynajefly King George//;* Fir/ly intituled, An aft for the better re- 11	C0‘	f*

gulating the manufafture of cloth in the weft riding of the county of York : and whereas another at? of parliament was made and paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his late maje/ly King Gedrge 7 Geo. a# the Secondy intituledy An aft to explain and amend an aft palled In the eleventh year of the reign of his latemajefty King George the Fir ft intituled, An aft for the better regulating the mariufaftiirt af cloth in the wejl riding of the county of York : and whereas another aft of parliament was made and paffed in the fourteenth ^	4«

year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second\ ihtitul-	#	*

edy An aft for continuing an aft paffed in the feventh yeat of the reign of his prefent Majefty, To explain and amend d former aft paffed {in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Fir ft* for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the weft riding of the county of York, and fot making the faid afts more effeftual; which faid federal afts of parliament, notwithflanding the many good proviftons and directions therein containedy have n ever thelefs been found by experience not to hi 1 effectual for the preventing the frauds 9 abufesy and deceit r, which are frequently ufed and praftifedin the manufa fture of wodllen cloth within the weft riding of the faid county of York, particularly in thi unreafonablefretching andframing the faid cloths; which ill practices tend very much to the debafing, undervaluing, and discrediting of the faid manufafture, both at home and in foreign i parts beyond the feas, where great part thereof hath beert ufu-i ally vended ; be it therefore enafted, by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords i fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-: ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the ^ i faid feveral recited afts of parliament of the eleventh year of his cjtcj ^

I late majefty King George the Firft, and of the feventh and four- pealed.

I teenth years of his late majefty King George the Second, and i every claufe, matter, and thing, therein refpeftively contained,

I and fo much of all and every other aft or afts heretofore made as relate to tht afeertaining the length, breadth, or weight, of woollen cloths, within the (bid weft riding of the county of Tork, j (hall, from the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, be repealed.

II. And, for preventing frauds, deceits, and abufes, for the juftice* toepy [ future, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the jufti- point tearch-I ces of the peace for the faid weft riding of the county of York, !rs and j (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers of any fulling furcrs' j mill) at their next quarter feflionsof the peace, to be holden for I the faid riding, next after the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, or at fome adjournment of the fame, and at their general quarter feflions of the peace,

I	to be holden next after Eafer yearly, (hall and may,.and they

\	arc hereby authorized and required to choofc and appoint fo

• Ipany men, of good charter and repute, within the faid rid-t Yqv.XXVI.	Kk	in	$

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

498	Annoquinto	Georgii	III. c. 51.	[1765

ing, (being peifons following, or having been brought up in the manufacture of woollen cloth in the laid riding, and being under the age of fixty years) as they lhall think convenient, to befearchers and meafurers of cloth within the (aid riding, and to appoint and Ration fuch meafurers and fearchers fo to be cho-fen, at fuch mills and other places, and in fuch manner as to the faid ju Rices, at their general or adjourned feRions, (hall feem meet and convenient5 and (hall and may allien, allow, and appoint, to the faid fearchers and meafurers. To appointed, fuch yearly falaries, as thefaid juRices, at their faid general or adjourned Teutons, or the major part of them, (hall think proper. fcarcher»C(haU HI. And it is hereby further enaded. That fuch of the (aid meafure and feuxhers and meafurers as (hall be appointed to, or Rationed at, feal,	any	mill or mills within the faid riding, (hall and may, and they

are hereby authorized and direded, at their refpeaive fulling mills, where they (hall refpedtively be Rationed or placed, to meafure all the cloths, and ends or half cloths, which (hall be there milled refpedtively, at the refpedtivc times, and in manner herein after mentioned; that is to fay, fuch cloths or ends as (hall be Rreamed or wafhed in the goit or mill Rream of the faid mills refpedtively, (hall be meafured within fix, and not fooner than four hours after the fame (hall be Rreamed or wafhed ; and fuch cloths or ends as (hall not be fo Rreamed or wafhed, (hall be meafured within four hours after the lame Riall come out of the Rock; and every fuch fearcher and meafurer (hall affix, or caufe to be affixed, on one end of every fuch cloth, before it (hall be carried from the miH* a feal of lead, to be furnidled and provided by the maker of fuch cloth, and (hall rivet the feal, fo to be affixed by him on every fuch cloth, and Ramp, in words and figures, plainly to be read and difiinguifhed, upon the feal or rivet, his name, and the length and breadth of every fuch cloth, together with the number of each of fuch cloths, milled at fuch lulling mill fucceffively, beginning at the time of his entering to his faid office with number one, and proceeding progreffively, until the twenty fifth day of March then next enfuing; and on the faid twenty fifth day of March then next enfuing, and on every fuccceding twenty fifth day of March, beginning again with the fame number one, and proceeding progreffively in numbers, during the year then enfuing; and immediately after the faid cloth mall be meafured, feaTed and Ramped as aforefaid, the faid fearcher and meafurer, meafuring and Ramping the fame, Hull enter in a book, to be provided by the treafurer, and kept by fuch fearcher or meafurer for that purpofe, the name and place of abode of the maker of every fuch cloth, and the colour or fort of fuch cloth, together with the length, breadth, and number on the feal -y and (hall give, at the leafi once in every month, to the fupervifor within whofe diRridt the faid mill Riall be fituatc, an account of all the cloths milled, meafured, and Ramped at fuch mill during fuch inonth•, and the owner or maker of fuch cloth (hall pay to the

fa.d

i765.3	Anno quinto GeoRgii III. c. 51.	499

laid fearcher and meafurer, for meafuring and fealing of fuch cloth, the refpedtive fums following j videlicet,

For the leal of every whole or long cloth, containing in length an(j w|,at ^ thirty five yards or upwards, the fun^of Ax pence.	be paid for

And for eveiy end or half cloth, containing lefs than thirty the fame, and five yards, and more than thirty yards in length, the fum of how »ppfi«d. four pence.

And for every end or half cloth, containing lefs than thirty yards in length, the fum of three pence.

<Which faid fums (hall be accounted for and paid by fuch fearch-er or meafurer, to the treafurer of the weft riding for the time being, to be applied for fuch purposes as are herein after directed.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty 04 faid. That if any fearcher or meafurer (hall neglect or refufe to fearchers meafure and (lamp any fuch cloth, end or half cloth or to give

fuch monthly account, or give a falfc or fraudulent account of the cloths by him .meafured and (lamped as aforefaid, fuch | fearcher or meafurer, being thereof legally convicted on the oath ! of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any fuch | juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fumr of twenty (hillings, one moiety whereof (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treafurer for the faid riding; and for the fe-cond offence (hall forfeit or lofe his office or place, and be for ever after rendered incapable of being appointed a fearcher or meafurer of woollen cloth.

V.	And be it further enabled, That no cloth maker (hall take Makers not away his cloth from any fuch fulling-mill, in cafe the fame hath to take cloths

: been dreamed or wa(hed, before the fame hath laid fix hours af- from thr mills ter it hath been fo dreamed or walhed, or before fuch cloth [ hath lain four hours after it has come out of the (lock (in cafe ^

> it (hall not be wa(hed or dreamed) unlefs fuch cloth (hall be 1 fooner meafured and damped in manner hereby diredled, by the fearcher or meafurer, at the mill where fuch cloths (hall relpec-tively be milled or fulled ; and if any cloth maker (hall take a-! way his cloth from the mill before the fame (hall be fo meafured 1 and damped, or before the fum of money, hereby dire&ed to be 1 paid for the meafuring, fealing, and damping thereof, be duly paid and fatisfied, or (nail take away his cloth after nine of the 1 clock in the evening, or before five of the clock in the morning, unlefs the fame (hall be meafured and damped j every perfon fo • offending in any of the faid cafes, and being thereof convicted ! upon the oath of fuch fearcher or meafurer, or of the infpe&or or fupervifor herein afterdiredled to be appointed, or of any other credible witnefs, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within thefame (fuch juftice or juftices not being traders or dealers in the woollen ma-aufaflure, or farmers or occupiers of a fulling-mill) every per-K k 2	fon

5<*>

Cloths to be fealed before they are put upon the tenters.

Juftices to appoint mipec-ton of falling nil!*.

who are to conform to the rules of the general u waiter fef-fions, and to take an oath.

Annoquinto Georgii III. c. 51. '	tf7^5

fon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and p*y the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied and recovered in foch manner as is herein after mentioned, and to be applied and dif-pofed of in manner following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafurer of tie weft riding of the county of York.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That every maker of cloth, commonly called Brtad Chek% within the faid riding, after every cloth, end or half cjoth^! (hall be brought from the fulling mill, and before the fame (hail be put upon the tenter, (hall meafure the lame, and fhall affix, or caufe to be affixed, on the other end of every fuch cloth, oce j other fuch feal of lead, and (hall rivet the fame, and damp upon fuch feal or rivet, in figures plainly to be feen and diftinguifh-ed, the length and breadth of every fuch cloth.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afbrelaid, That the juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding of the county of Yorky (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occa-

Eiers of any fulling mill) at their quarter feffions of the peace to e holden for the laid riding next after the twenty fourth day oc June, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty five, or at fotne adjournment of the fame, and at their general quarter feffions or the peace to be holden after Eajier yearly, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to chufe and appoint fo many men, of good character and repute, within the (aid riding, not exceeding twelve in number, to be infpedtors of aO cloths, called Broad IVoollen Cloth, and the workftiops, tenters, tenter grounds, and warehoufes of the merchants or dreflen where any fuch clpths, made and milled within the faid riding, lhall be areffed or tentered, and to appoint and ftation the fax! infpe&ors to infpedt and examine fuch and fo many work-fhops, tenter grounds, tenters, and warehoufes, and in fuch diftricts, towns, parilhes, or places, and in fuch manner, as to the hid juftices, at their general or adjourned feffions, or the major part of them, (hall think proper j and alfo the faid juftices, at their faid feffions, (hall and may, and they are hereby directed to chufe and appoint fuch and fo many men of good repute, within the faid riding, not exceeding four in number, to be fuper-vifors of the feveral fulling mills within the faid riding, and of the conduct and behaviour of the feveral fearchers and meafur-ers appointed and ftationed at fuch mills refpedtively, and of all cloths called Broad IVoollen Cloth, and the workfhops, tenters, tenter grounds, and warehoufes, of the merchants or dreflers where any fuch cloths made and milled within the faid riding, (ball be milled, dreffed, or tentered, and of the condutft and behaviour of the feveral infpedors fo to be chofen and appointed as aforefaid ; and to appoint and ftation the faid fupervifors re-fpeclively in fuch diftridb, towns, parifhes, or places, in fuch manner as to the faid juftices, at their general or adjourned feffions, or the major part of them, (hall think proper, in order to prevent the falic (lamping and undue ftretching of woollen

cloths.

Digitized by

Google

* 7^5*1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51#	501

doths, and to enforce the due obfervation of this a&; and (hall and may aflign, allow, and appoint, to the faid infpedtors, fuch yearly or other falaries as the faid juftices, at their quarter fef-fions to be held next after the twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, or at the faid general or adjourned fefiions to be held yearly after Ea/ler, or the major part of them, (hall think proper; provided that no fuch falary fhall be lefs than twenty pounds for one year, nor lefs in proportion for part of a year; and alfo (hall and may, at the fame times, aflign, allow, and appoint, to the faid fupervifors, fuch yearly or other falaries, as they (hall think proper and convenient; provided that no fuch falary (hall be lefs than forty pounds, and ten pounds more if their duty require them to keep a horfe, to one fupervifor for one year, nor lefs in proportion for part of a year; and all and every fuch fearcher and meafurer, infpe&ors and fupervifors, before he or they (hall enter uporv the duty of his or their faid office, (hall fevcrally and refpc&ive-ly take the following oath, before one or more juftice or juftices ’ of the peace for the (aid riding; that is to fay,

1A. B. do /wear. That I will well and truly, to the beft of my The oath. Jkill and power, execute the office of a fearcher and meafurer, or \ an infpeftor or fupervifor (as the cafe may be) of woollen cloth x within the weft riding of the county ofY ork.

So help me GOD.

1 VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Suoervifors to 1 That the faid fupervifors fo to be chofen and appointed (hall, vifit mills and and they are hereby required to be daily employed in vifiting tenter [ the feveral and refpeftive mills, tenters, tenter grounds, work grouiui‘*

; (hops, and places, within the refpe&ive diftri&s allotted to them ' as aforefaid, where any fuch cloths (hall be milled, drefled, or 1 tentered, and (hall, o.ut of the number of cloths which (hall come under their feveral and refpedive infpetftions, meafure and 1 mark with a feal of lead, whereon (hall be imprefled or damped the name of fuch fupervifor, fo many of fuch cloths as they conveniently can, or their time will allow, and fhall keep a regular and diftinft account of fuch dtbths as they (hall fevcrally examine, meafure, and mark, and (hall tranfmit the fame, together with the accounts by them refpedlively received from the fearchcrs 1 and meafurers at the feveral mills within their refpetftive diftri&s, to the juftices of the peace, at every quarter feflions held for the (aid riding; and if any of the faid infpe&ors or fupervifors (hall be negligent or remifs in his duty, or (hall tranfmit a falfe account ot the cloths by him or them refpetflively meafured and marked as aforefaid, fuch infpe&or or fupervifor (hail forfeit and lofe his office.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That if any of the faid in-fpeflors or fupervifors (hail find any cloth or cloths fa illy (lamp-cd by any of the meafurers or fearchers, above two inches in if tb'ev^nd^ breadth, or abpve one yard in length, fuch infpedor or fuper- cloth t;«itty

K k 3	\ifor	Aan*p*d.

Google

/

50*	Anno qulnto Georgii III. c.51.	[1765.

tifor (hall, within feven days after the fame (hall be dHomitd, give information thereof to one' of his Majefty's juftkes of the peace within the faid riding (not being a dealer in woollen doth, 1 or occupier of any fulling mill) and on convi&ion of fach ton* furer or fearcher, before any fuch juftice of the peace as afort-faid, fuch fearcher or meafurer (hall forfeit and pay, for even fuch offence, the fum of ten (hillings, to be recovered as anyo-' ther penalty is hereby direded to be recovered ; one moieq \ whereof (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to [

* the treafurer for the faid riding.

X.	' Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the audio-

How kjPfc- rity aforefaid, That if any perfon, who (hall be to appointed, ap^inted in ^ a fearcher and meafurer, or an infpedor or fupervifar d\ cat of death, doth, (hall happen to die, during the year in which he is lb ap- ( (cc.	’	pointed, or (hall be removed or difplaced from his faid office, or

(hall by ficknefs, or any other accident, be rendered incapafck of executing the faid office, that then, and in*any of the U cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for any one of fuch juftkes a the peace as aforefaid, living near to the place where fuch.feaitb-er and meafurer, infpedor or fupervifor, did or (hall refide, to appoint fome other proper perfon, properly qualified, to fuppiy the place of fuch fearcher and meafurer, infpedor or fiipervifr, until the next Eafier feffions, to be there, by the major part ci fuch juftices prefent, confirmed, or another perfon appoinredii his place 5 or in cafe of ficknefs, or other accident, during the ficknefs or incapacity of fuch fearcher and meafurer, infpedor or fupervifor; and the perfon fo confirmed or appointed (hall tab the fame oath, and be invefted with the fame powers, and liable to the fame penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the fearchers and meafurers, infpedors or fupervifors, reipedifdf eleded or to be eleded at the Eafier feffions, by virtue of this ad, are or ought to be.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefahi, That it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch infpedor or fa-pervifor, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, in the daytime, to enter into any (hop or (hops, out-houfe or out-houfas tenter grounds or ware-boufc, of any merchant or merchants, drefler or dreflers, or any other dealer in cloth, or any Mtoj mill, or any out-houfe or out-houfes, or other places belonging thereto refpedively, within the faid riding, to fearch for an/ woollen cloth, which he (hall fufped to be falfely or unduly (lamped, orbeftretched or drained more than is allowed by this ad, or any alteration made in the feal or feals, contrary to the diredion, true intent and meaning of this ad; and for the better difeoming of fuch abufe, to meafure, or caufe to be meafured, any fuch cloth; and in cafe of refiftance or refufal by any perfon, to permit and fuffer fuch infpedor or fuperri/ar to enter the faid places, or any of them, for the purpofes aforefaid, the perfon fo refilling or refufing (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, on convidion thereof before any fuch juftice of the peaces and if fuch infpedor or infpedors (hall at any time find

any

Jpfpc&ors to enter (bops where they (hall fufped any undue ftamped or ftretched cloths.

Digitized by v^.o< e

5°$

i7^5-1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51;

any woollen cloth, after the times herein directed for fealing the fame, without the feal or feals hereby directed to be put thereon, or fuch feal or feals defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except it •

(hall appear that fuch feal or feals was or were accidentally loft or roalieioufly taken off, or that any of fuch cloths appear, by the lowed of the marks, damps, or feals, to be over ftretched or (trained, either in breadth or length, beyond the dimenfions allowed of and provided for by this prefent aft, or that the name and place of abode of the maker of fuch cloths fhall be cut out or altered ; in fuch cafe the owner of fuch cloth, or the perfon Penalty on in whofe cuftody fuch cloth fhall be found, fhall, for every fuch offenders, offence, forfeit not exceeding the fum of five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, That'nothing herein contained provifo. fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any power or authority to fuch infpeftor or infpeftors, to be appointed pur-fuant to this aft, to fearch and examine fuch cloths as fhall be prefled and packed up for exportation.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the make^rcgula-peace for the faid weft riding, or the major part of them, at dons. * their general quarter feflions of the peace to be held yearly after Eajier, and they are hereby impowered to make and iffue fuch further orders and directions, to the feveral officers to be appointed by virtue of this aft, for the more effectual execution thereof, as to them (hall feem meet; all which regulations, or-, ders, and directions, the feveral fearchers, meafurers, infpeftors, and fupervifors, fo to be appointed, fhall, and they are hereby required to obey and perform.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by _

the authority aforefaid. That if the merchant or buyer of any chants IbfocCf fuch cloth fhall have caufc to fufpeft the real and true lengths frauds, they and breadths of fuch cloth not to be the fame as damped upon may wet the fuch feal or feals, fuch merchant or buyer fhall and may, for £,oths* and . proef thereof, have the liberty, within fix weeks next after his buying the fume (if fuch cloth fhall not before then have been the infpeftor. railed, drefled, or dyed) and upon two days notice given in writing to all the parties, who tneafured and damped the faid cloth, to put Cuch cloth into cold water, for any time not exceeding four hours, and, immediately after the fame fhall be taken out of the water, to caufe the fame to be meafured by fome fworn infpeftor or fupervifor of cloth in and for the faid riding; and if, upon fuch admeafurement laft-mentioned, there fhall be found a lefs or fmaller quantity of cloth in length or lefs or fmaller quantity in breadth, in more than one half part of the length thereof than is mentioned on any of the feals affixed to fuch cloth; in every fuch cafe the fearcher, mcafurer, or fupervifor, who meafured and damped the faid cloth, being convicted of having wilfully and knowingly affixed fuch falfe and fraudulent feals to fuch cloth, upon the oath of the infpeftor or fupervifor who laft meafured the faid cloth as aforefaid, or of .

JC k 4	any

1

Digitized by

Google

5°4

Penalty on tgQviftion.

Where falfe Teals are, found, the fnfpe&or is to fix new Teals, which are to be the rule of payment for ~£li£ cloths.

Treafurer to deduft money forfeited out of rnf pe/ftor* falaries.

perfons charged with frauds may examine the cloths in the merchant's hands,

&C,	’

Anno quinto Georgii HI. C. 5c.	[176:	!

*ny Qthcr credible witnefs, before one or more fuch juftiec a juftic$$ of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers ci any fulling mill) (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the rsfpe#ive penalties and fiuns following * that is to fay.

For two inches in breadth, or one yard in length, that fad cloth (hall fall (hort of the measure (lamped and marked on the feals thereto affixed, the fum of five (hillings; and

For every other inch in breadth, or yard in length, lb over* (tamped, the futp of ten (hillings.

The faid penalties, after deducing thereout the cods aid charges of fuch profecution and conviction, to be paid and applied as follpws; videlicet, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the weft riding of the faid county Df York, for the purpofes herein after-mentioned.

XV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes, upon fuch fecond admeafurement of any nicb clotfies as aforefeid, where any of the feals affixed ihall k found not to contain the juft lengths and breadths of fuch cloths, then, and in every fuch cafe, the infpedtor or fupei vifor, wbe, upon fuch information and complaint as aforefaid, meafuredthe fame, (hall affix on every fuch cloth new feals, to be made and fixed as aforefaid, which (hall contain the true lengths ani breadths of the faid cloth, and that the length and number of yards, by fuch infpedlor or fupervifor fo damped on fuch fa’s as aforefaid, (hall be the rule of payment for fuch cloth by the merchant or buyer thereof, favconly that fuch merchant or bum (in order to difeourage the vending or expofing to fale or any fuch cloth with fuch defective and fraudulent feals) (hall and may, and he is hereby authorized and impowered, to deduct wnd retain to himfelf, out of the price of fuch cloth, upon which the maker, fearcher, meafurer, or fupervifor thereof (hall have fixed fuch defective and fraudulent feals as aforefaid, the value or amount of fo many yards thereof, out of the number of yards in length fo (lamped upon fuch feals by fuch infpe&or or fuper-yifor who laft meafured and damped the fame as aforefaid, 2s the faid cloth (hall fall (hort in inches of breadth, or yards in Jength, of the length and breadth refpedtively expreffed on |he former fraudulent feal lb affixed by the maker.

XVI.	And it is hereby enabled and declared. That it (hall and may be Jawful to ar>d for the faid treafurer to ctadudland detain the fums of money to be forfeited by the fearchers and meifurers, infpe&ors and fupervifors refpedtively, out of the yearly ahriesef fuch fearchers and mcafurers, infpedlors and fupervifors refpec-tively, as fuch falaries refpedlively (hall become due and payable.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That every offender or offenders, againft whom fuch information (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall and may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, within two days after notice of fuch information to him or fhem given, to go to the fioufe of the merchant, buyer, or

owner

Digitized by v^ooQle

765.3	Anno	quinto Georgii III. c. 51.	g°i

wner of the cloth in fuch information mentioned, and requeft o fee the faid cloth, to examine that the crimes and fads fo barged upon them be juft, and that no frauds have been com- < nitted by the merchant, buyer, or owner of the fame; and hat upon the merchant, buyer, or owner of fuch cloth refilling o permit and fuffer fuch offender or offenders to fee or examine 'uch cloth as aforefaid, fuch profecution, fo intended to have h>een made againft fuch offender or offenders, (hall be at an end and ceafe; and any convi&ion to be made thereupon (hall be void, and of none effed.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That every clothier and maker of fuch cloth (hall, at the time Clothier* to pf making thereof, weave or few into the head of the cloth, in^ diftind letters or words, plain to be read, at length, the name”^1^^^ and place of abode of fuch clothier and maker; and if any do- bode in the thier or maker of fuch woollen cloth fhall, after the twenty heads of their fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, cloth*, expofe to fale any cloth without fuch feals as before dire&ed, or without fuch name and place of abode fo woven and fewed into fuch cloth, in words at length, plainly to be feen and read, fuch clothier or maker, fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifled upon the oath of any one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, made before any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame (he being no dealer in cloth, or occupier of any fulling mill) who is hereby authorized to adminifter the faid oath, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch piece of clorh fo by him expofed to fale without fuch feals as aforefaid, and the fum of forty (hillings for every piece of cloth fo by him expofed to fale without fuch name and place of abode fo fewed or woven into the fame as aforeiaid; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall willingly take off, alter, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, Penalty 0* or cut out, any of the aforefaid feal or feals of lead fo fixed and Pcr.fons riveted to fuch end or half cloth, or to fuch long or whole cloth,counferfeitinc or the figures, letters, and words thereon damped, made, or feai,# &Ct be-* fet, or therein woven or fewed, before the cloth be taken off fore dotb the tenters and brought to the prefs, every perfon or perfons fo t,,ccn from offending, and every perfon in whofe cuftody any fuch cloththc tcntcrt* without leals, or with the feals defaced, cutout, or obliterated, as aforefaid, (hall be found, being thereof legally convicted, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit not exceeding the fum of five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That for every yard ofpa cloth, exceeding the length of fifty eight yards, whether in one milling long cloth, or in two (hort cloths or ends, which (hall be milled in cloth*, one ilock, at one and the fame time ; the owner of fuch cloth or cloths (hall pay to the miller of fuch cloth or cloths, the fum of one half-penny ptr yard, for every yard fuch cloth (whether confiding of one cloth only, or of two (hort clotjis or ends)

(hall exceed the length of fifty eight yards, over and above the uiual price for milling * ftockful, or fifty eight yards of clorh.

XX. An4

Digitized by t^ooQle

5<*

Juft ice* to fettle difputes between clothier* and millers.

penalty on Jtretchmg or {training cloth*.

Owner* of

tenters to meafure and mark the lengths of their tenter*.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51.	[1765,'

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afare&id,

That all difputes and demands which (hall hereafter arife between the makers of fuch cloths as aforefaid, and the occupier* of fuch fulling mills, or their agents or fervants, relating to 6c wages for fulling, milling, or fcouring, of any fuch wooifa cloths as aforefaid; (hall, in cafe fuch occupiers, agents, s fervants, defire the fame, and the matter in diipute fhali not ex-ceed the fum of two pounds, be heard and determined by ok or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the countv, divificc or place, where fuch difputes or demands (hall arife (fuch js-ftice or juftices not being traders or dealers in the woollen n»-tiufa&ure, farmers or occupiers of a fulling mill) who is and arc1 hereby required and authorized, upon complaint to him cr them mace, to fummon the parties, and to hear and examae upon oath, and adjudge fuch damages, and give fuch cofts, rut exceeding ten (hillings, to the party fo aggrieved, as in User their difcrction (hall feem reafonable; and to iffue his or tbs: warrant or warrants, to levy fuch cofts and damages by diftrds and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perrons who (hall refufe, for the fpace of ten days, to pay fuch cofts or <&-mages by him or them fo adjudged.	j

XXI.	And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afbrr- J faid, That if any perfon whatfoever, after the twenty fourth day of <*ne thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, ftud J ftretch or ftrain, or caufe or procure to be ftretched or drained, ■ any whole or long cloth, or end or half cloth, more than oce 1 yard in length, in every twenty yards of the length thereof, cf J more than one inch in every twelve inches of the breadth thereof (the whole yard in breadth containing thirty fix inches onh*,1 and fo in proportion for cloths that are more or lefs in lengths and breadths, above or beyond the length or breadth of lud cloth, upon the lowed of fuch ftamps or feals, marked, let down, and expreffed 5 then, and in fuch cafe, every perfon te offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of onecr more credible witnefs or witnefTes, before one or. more fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, for every quarter of a yard in length fuch cloth (hall be overftretched, forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings; and for every inch in breadth fuch cloth (hall be overftretched, forfeit and pay the fum ol twenty (hillings; which faid fums (hall be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties are herein directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII.	And, for the better and more eafy difeovery of the undue ftretching and draining of cloth, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every owner or proprietor of any tenter or tenters, in the faid weft riding of the (aid county of Torky (hall, and he is hereby required, to meafure fuch tenter or tenters as (hall be made ufe of for tentering of cloth, and to mark or number in figures plain and fair to be feen, the true length of yards (computing thirty feven inches to each yard) of each tenter or tenters, beginning at number one, and fo con- t

6	tinuing

Digitized by

1765.}	Anno quinto Georgii III. c.51.	507

tinuing it to the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard dutinCtly, plainly, and fairly to be feen, upon the top bar belonging to each tenter, on the forefide thereof j and if any fuch tenter or tenters (hall, after the twenty fourth day of Jane, one thonfand feven hundred and fixty five, be found not to be meafured, and truly marked and numbered as aforefiud, the occupier of fuch tenter or tenters (hall forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds for each tenter that (hall be found not fo numbered and marked as aforefaid; fuch penalty to be levied and recovered as any other penalty is hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XXIII.	And whereas the ufing of cards made with wire, or _	.

with wire teeth, in dreifing of cloth, hath by experience been ufinK cards found to be very prejudicial to the (aid woollen manufacture: *>JL with now, to the end the faid woollen manufacture may be im- wire or win proved as much as poffible, be it enaCted by the authority afore-tcctb* faid. That if any perfoo or perions, within the (aid weft riding

of the faid county of Tori, (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of Jiau, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, sde, or caufe to be ufed, in drefling of cloth, any cards made with wire, or with teeth of iron* or any other metal whatfo-cvcr; every fuch perfon or perfons fo ufing the lame, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit forty (hillings.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, „	_

That information upon oath (hall be given of the offence* SaUt^pr^* mentioned in this aCt, within the fpace of twenty days next fecuted, and after fuch offence (hall be difeovered; and all and every the of- forfeitures fences in this aCt mentioned (except fuch for which any other

remedy is hereby provided) (hall be enquired of and determined, and convictions thereon made upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or whnefles, by any one or more juftice or juftices pf the peace (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, nor occupier of any fulling mill as aforefaid) notice being firlt given of the charge to the perfon or perfons therewith charged } and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures as (hail or may happen by reafon of this aCt, (hall go and be difpofed of, one half to the perfon or perfons who (nail give information of the offence on which the conviction (hall be made, and the other half to the treafurer of the faid riding; and if any offender or offenders (hall, by the fpace of ten days next after he or they (hall be convicted of any pf the offences aforefaid, and have notice thereof to him, her, or them given, at his, her, or their dwelling houfe, or place of abode, refufe or negleCt to pay any forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, by reafon of this aCt, or (hall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the quarter feflions, then, and not before, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or jn-(tices of the peace, before whom fuch conviction (hall be made, or any other juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame (not being a dealer in woollen broad cloth, or occupier of any (tilling mill) upon a fxrtificate of fuch conviction fent to him or them, from the juftice

Digitized by v^ooQle

Appeal to the quarter rollons.

£0&	Anno	quinto	Georoii III. C.51.	[176:

dice or juftices before whom fuch conviction was made; and h or they is or are hereby authorized and required to ifliie out aa or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hand and fed or hands and feals, to the conftable of the town or place, a bailiff or bailiffs of the liberties, wapentakes, or limits, wfae fuch offender or offenders doth or (hall inhabit, thereby ccc-manding him or them to levy the fame by diftrefe and file c the offender’s goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if® be) after paying likewife the charges of fuch diftrefs and uie,r! the offender or offenders demanding the feme; and where: fufficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or or fenders to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeds three months.

XXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby farther enafiedh; the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hallfia him, her, or themfclves, aggrieved by any order or warns made b/ any juftice or juftices, or upon any conviction befon him or them, in purfuance of this aCt, fuch perfon or peiics may appeal to the next general quarter feflions to be held fa the faid weft riding of the faid county of York, which (half not be held within fourteen days next after the caufe of appeal (ha2 arife, giving ten days notice of fuch appeal to the perfon or per* Tons difcovering the offence on which the conviction was made, and if the juftices at the faid quarter feflions either confirm or difannul the orders or proceedings of the laid juftice or juftices, they (hall allow fuch cofts and charges to the party aggrieve! thereby, as they (hall think reafonable ; to be levied and paid in fuch manner, as is ufual in cafes of appeal from any order a the juftices of the peace to the feflions, whofe order herein M be final.

Juftices, &c, XXVI. And it is hereby enaCted and declared. That thefc-to tranfmit to veral juftices of the peace before whom aby conviction (hall be the quarter made by virtue of this aCt, as alfo the feveral fearchers, mo-hirers, infpeCtors, and fupervifors, fo to be appointed, dull, and they are hereby required at the four general quarter feflio» of the peace in and for the faid riding, held quarterly in every year, to return and tranfmit to the juftices of the peace affembled at fuch general quarter feflions, a true and perfect account is writing, of all the convictions to be made purfuant to this ad that (hall happen within their knowledge, and of all the penal* ties and forfeitures indicted or levied by means or on account thereof, which, by virtue of this aCt, are made payable to the faid treafurer for the time being; and (hall, at the fame time, pay or caufe to be paid to the treafurer for the time being, all and every fum and fums of money by them, or any of them, or for their or any of their ufe, had or received, for, or on account of any fuch conviction or convictions, and which by this aCt are made payable to the faid treafurer; and every perfon and perfons negieCting or refuting to return and tranfmit fuch account, or to pay, or caufe to be paid, fuch fums of money foby fhem received, or in their hands, or any part thereof, for the

‘2	fpacc

feflions ac counts of convictions, fcc.

Digitized by L^ooQle

*7^5«] Anno quinto Georgii III. C.51;



fpace of twenty days next after any of the faid feffions, and being thereof convided upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any two juftices of the peace of and for the laid riding (not being dealers in cloth, or occupiers of* any fulling mill) (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, over and above the feveral fums by him or them received, or being in his hands as aforefaid, to be recovered, paid, and applied, in fuch manner as the other penalties inflided by this ad: are direded to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, yhlt aft (hall That this ad, and all the penalties and daufes therein contain- extend to all cd, (hall extend to all woollen cloth which (hall be made and woollen milled in the weft riding of the countv of York; except fuch c,oth*» narrow woollen cloths as arc mentioned and defcribed, and for ^ doth**** which provHion is made in and by one ad made in the eleventh are defcribed year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, in aft u Geo* intituled. An aft for the better regulating of narrow woollen cloths *'

in the weft riding of the county 0/York.

XXVIII.	And whereas there is now in the hands of the trea-	.

furer of the weft riding of the county of York a confiderable fum ^Soney now of money, which hath arifen by and out of the duties granted \n the hands by the (aid former ads for the (lamping and meafuring of cloth: of the trea-now it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, fuj*r ?£the That the faid treafurer of the (aid weft riding for the time being, wcft ndin£-fhall, out of the money remaining in his hands, and which (hall hereafter be received bv him on account of the duties herein be~

fore direded to be paid to fuch treafurer as aforefaid, in the firft place, pay the charges and expences attending the palling this ad, and (hall afterwards pay and apply the faid duties and penalties, as the fame (hall come in and be received, to the payment of the falaries of the fearchers or meafurers, infpedors and fupervifors of cloth, herein before direded to be chofen and appointed as aforefaid, in fuch proportions, and in fuch manner, as the juftices of the peace of and for the faid riding, at their general quarter feffions yearly to be held next after Rafter? (hall dired and appoint.

XXIX.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a-

forefaid. That after all the money to be expended in and about mayTncreafc* the obtaining this ad, (hall be totally paid off and difcharged, ordiminifli it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for the rates, the faid weft riding, at their general quarter feflions held next after Eafter yearly, to make orders for the increaling or dimi-nifhing the rates or duties to be paid for meafuring, (lamping, and fealing of cloth, fo as the fame (hall never exceed fix pence for every fuch whole cloth, and three pence for every fuch end or half cloth as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any fuit or adion (hall be commenced or profecuted a- Limitation of gainft any perfon or perfons for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch fuit or adion lhall be commenced within fix calondar months next after the faft .commit-

ted

Digitized by

fio	Anno	quinto GeoRGii IIL c. 52,-55.	[176;

ted, and not afterwards; and (hall be laid, brought, and tried in the county of York, and not ellewhere; and the defendant a defendants in filch fuits or adtions (hall and may plead the gene ral iffite, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evideue, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was dan in purfuance of, and by the authority of, this adt; and if it fori •General iflue. appear to be fo done, or if any fuch fuit or adtioa fhall he brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, a (hall be brought in any other county or place; that then tk jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants : and upon fin ▼exdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become noofuit, a di(continue his, her, or their adtion, after the defendant er defendants fhall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer jodfr-ment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs ; the <k> Treble coftj. fondant or defendants fhall and may recover treble coils, aof have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

XXXI.	And it is hereby further enadtea and declared. The Publick aft. this a iff fhall be deemed, and taken to be, a publick a iff; acd all judges, juftices, and other perfons, are to take notice thereof as fuch, in all courts and places whatioever, without fpecril-ly pleading the fame.

CAP. LII.

An all for repairing and widening the road leading from tit town of Wadhurft in the county of Sufiex, to the tun-pike road at Lamberhurft Pound and Pullen's Hill, a in the county of Kent; from the top of Pullen's HiB, through the parijbesof Horfmonden, Manden, Yakfen, and Weft Farley, to Weft Farley Street, in the county of Kent.

CAP. LIII.

An ail for continuing the terms of fevered	, and for giv-

ing further powers for repairing the road from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond’s Eau and Someriham Bridge, and for amending and widening the road from Someriham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives •, and alfo tbt road branching out of the faid road near Stocks Bridge through Needingworth, to Earith in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LIV.

An ait for repairing and widening the road from Dunham Ferry, to the foutb end of Great Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LV.

An ail to continue the teand to vary and enlarge the \

powers.

Digitized by Google

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 56^-61.

powers,of an aft	pajfedin the twenty fifth year	of bis late

Majefty, /or repairing the road from Wallingford in the county of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Faring-don, and alfofrom Wantage to Idfon,

Jo far as the fame relate to the road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon; and for difcontinuing the faid term and powers,	as	the

fame relate to the road leading from Wantage to Idfon, andfor repairing the road leading from the north eaft corner of Nuffield Common, by theparifh church </Nuffield, otbermife Tuffield, in the county of Oxford, to the commencement of the faid turnpike road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for repairing • and widening the road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead the county of An-glefey.

CAP. LV1I.

An aft for continuing the	termand altering and enlarging

the powers of an aft pajfed in the thirtieth year of the reign of bis late Majefty, for amenand keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Suflex.

C APjftLVIII.

An aft for	repairing,	wideningand keeping in

ral roads in and near Great Torrington, the county of Devon.

CAP. LIX.

An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from the quay at Limington, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LX.

An aft for continuing and rendering more effeftuaL, two afts, pajfed in the	twelfth year of King George the Firft, and

the twentieth of his late Majefty, for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Efiex and Suffolk i and for repairing and widening feveral other roads in the counties of Efiex and Hereford.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for repairing, widening,and keeping in repair, feveral

Digitized by

5t*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 62,—ft 765.

ral roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the county d Somerfet.

CAP. LXII.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of two thirteenth of George the	Firft, and of the efk

late	Majefty,for repairing feveral roads leading from

town of Warminfter, in the county of Wilts i fen-mending feveral other roads near the faid town and J*\ repealing fo much of an aft made in the firfi year of tk reign of bis prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral root therein	mentioned, in the faid county, as relates to the red

within the town of Heytesbury j and for other therein mentioned.

CAP. LXIII.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads leading fromtk turnpike road at Kipping’s Crofs the parifh ofSccna ley, in the county of Kent, through	of	BrencB-

ley, Horfmonfden, and Goudhurft, by the left hand fid of Iden Green, to the turnpike road on Wilfley Green, it the parifh of Cranbrooke j and from a place near Good-hurft Gore, through the parifh of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the faid parifh, and from Underden Green, in Marden	aforefaid, to Wanlhutt’s Green, in the county

• Kent,

CAP. LXIV.

An aft for repairing, widening, and keeping in , the road leading from the turnpike road on Hurft Green, it the county of Sufifex, through Etchingham and Burwaih, to the extent of the faid parifh of Burwaih, in the fed county.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for rebuilding the parifh church of Alhallows on the Wall, in the city of London ; and for rebuilding tk houfe belonging to the reftor of the faid parijh and fa pur chafing feveral pieces of ground and tenements therm,

■ to render the paffages to and from the faid church ad houfe more commodious.

C AP. LXVI.

An aft to continue the term, and enlarge the , of a aft paffed in the Second year of the reign of his prefent jefiy,for repairing and widening the road from Mullen’s

Pood

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno quinto Georgii HI. c. 67,—73*	513

Pond,	in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile

Jionefrom the city of Salifbury, and feveral other roads in the faid aft mentioned; and alfo for repairing and widen-ing feveral	other roads,leading out	of the faid roads, and

for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for amending the road from the Pinfold	Balby,

the county of York, to Workfop, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the 1	road leading from the turnpike road at Wrotham Heath,

in the county of Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godftone, in the county of Surry.

i	CAP. LXIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the foulh end

of Newton Abbott to the paffage way inKinfwear, oppo-r fite Clifton Dartmouth Hartnefs, and from the end of a lane leading out of the turnpike road between Newton Ab-( bott and Totnes, towards Abbotts Kerfwell, to Five t Lanes *, and from Langvers Barn to the faid turnpike 1	road,between Newton Abbott and Totnes •, and from

1 Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge afid Brixham Quay; and from Langvers Barn to the north end of Paington town, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXX.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Keyberry i Bridge to the pajfage at Shalldon •, and from the faid ' bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, m the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidftone, and from Watt’s Crofs to Cowden, in the ' county of Kent.

CAP. LXXII.

1 An aft for amending and widening the road from	of

the Coach and Horfes inBirftol, to the turnpike road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the town of Huddersfield, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXIII.

1 An aft for repairing and widening the road from Great 1 Vol. XXVI.	LI	Grimlby

Digitized by Google

5*4

Anno qginto Gborgii III. c. 64,-6$.	[1765.

Grimlby Haven, at or near a place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, i» the parijb Irby, an county of Lincoln. .

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for enlarging the powers of feveral ails for repairing the road from Stump Crofs Newmarket Heath aud the town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other roads adjoining	fo	far	as	the

fame relate to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the faid other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXXV.

An ail for enlarging the term and powers offo much of an made in the twenty /eventb year of the reign of bis late Ma -jefty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, as relates to the road from Penn Inn, in the county of Dorfet, to the work-boufe at the eaft end of the town of Honiton,	in the county of Devon, and to the road

from the intrenchment on Afkerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Bcamifter •, and for repairing and amending feveral other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Dorfet and Devon.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ail for repairing,	widening, and keeping in repair, feve-

ral roads, leading from Kidwelly, the county of Carmarthen •, and alfo feveral roads leading from Llandilo, In thefaid county.

CAP. LXXVII.

Au ail for enlarging the terms and powers of feveral ails ef the ninth and twelfth years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the Firft, and of the fourteenth of his late Majejly, for repairing the highways leading from Roy (Ion,	in the county of Hertford	Wandsford

Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, fo far as relates to the middle and fouth dvoifians of the road comprized in the faid alls i and for amending the road from the town ef Huntingdon to the caufeway at or near the weft end ef the town of Somerfliam, in the faid county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An ail for repairing, widening, and keeping in	, the

Digitized by L^OOQle

5*5

s 765.3 Anmo quintoGfioftdlt HI. c. 69,—74.

roadfrom Welford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, through Hufband’s Bofworth and Great Wigfton, to Million Lane, in the town of Leicefter.

CAP. LXXIX.

An a51 to continue the	term, and alter and enlarge the powers

of an	a5l paffedin the third year of his prefent	,	for

repairing, widening, turning and keeping in , the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham ; and for building a bridge the river Ouze, at or near aplace called Stietham Ferry, in the county of Cambridge*, and for repairing and widening, and making feveral other roads, adjoining to the roads direbied to be repaired and widened by the faid

CAP. LXXX.

An aEi for continuing the terms of feveral a 61$, and forgiving further powers for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. LXXXL

An a5t for cleanfing and lighting the flreets,	, and paj-

fages, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancafter*, and for providing fire engines and fire-men \ andfor preventing annoyances within the faid towns.

CAP. LXXXII.

An a6l to enlarge certain powers granted by an a5l paffed in the twenty fecond year of the reign of King George the ' Second, intituled. An adt for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramfgate, and for cleanfing, amending and preferving the haven of Sandwich.

CAP. LXXX11I.

An	a5l for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through

Chatteris and Marlh, to Wifbech Saint Peter’s; and from thence to Tid Gote in the Ifle of Ely; and from Wifbech aforefaid, through Outwell, to Downturn Bridge in the county of Norfolk •, and for repealing the feveral a5ls for repairing the faid road between Wifbech and Marfh.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An a5l for repairing and widening the road from Newcaftle under Line to Hafibp *, and from Middle Hills to the L 1 2	Mac-

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.85,—87.	£1765.

Macclesfield turnpike roadnear Buxton ; and the road branching out of the f 'amentioned road at Co-bridge, to Burflem •, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike at Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in tbt county of Lincoln •, and from North Willingham to the north end of the lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from Weft Raifin to Pilford Bridge andfrom the great road near Bilhop Bridge to Bilhop Norton Common-, and from the hamlet of Morton to Epworth and from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late	for

repairing the high road from the town of Shrewlbury through Crefiage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muck-ley Crofs, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the county o/Salop; and for amending	other roads seer

or adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft to amend fever al afts paffed in the fourth and fixtb years of King George the and the eleventh and twenty fourth years of King George the Second, for repairing feveral reads from the Stone’s End	Kent Street, and

Bermondfey Street, Southwark, to Dartfo rd, and to tbt extent	of the par ifh o/Lewifham, next Bromley	Beck-

enham, in the county of Kent and for extending the fad afts to the repair of the roads leading from the end of the prefent turnpike to the weft end Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Well, and to the Stone’s End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the north end of Burnt Alh Lane,	in the parijh	of Lee, and from the weft end of

Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warren ; and far making an allowance out of the tolls arifmg by the faidaSs to the truftees for putting in execution an aft of the twenty fecond year ofKing George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the eaft end of	,	in

the parifh of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the feveral places therein mentioned ; and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

17^5*3	Annoquinto Georgii III. c.88,—93.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft	for repairing and widening the road from Barton Wa-

terfiaehoufe, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and feveral other roads in the county of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIX.

yin aft for the building a bridge over the river Tay, at or near the town of Perth, in the county of Perth.

CAP. XC.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the Allreton turnpike road, near a place called Little Robbins, in the parifh of Mansfield, in the county ^Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham turnpike road, near Tanfley, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to the Chefterfield turnpike road at Kelftidge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XCI.

An aft for vefting certain glebe , belonging to the rectory of the parifh church of Saint Chriftopher, in the city of London, in the governor and company of the bank of England ; and for making a	to	the	reft	or	of

the faid parifh,	and his fucceffors,in lieu thereof •, and for

obviating certain doubts in an aft paffed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late	for	widening	certain

1	Jlreets,lanes,	andpajfages, within the city of London.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for explaining and amending, and likewife for enlarg-‘ ing the term and powers granted by a certain aft of par-(	liament,paffed	in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his

late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for amending feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfet.

CAP. XCUI.

An aft for repairing,	widening,turning, altering, and keep-

ing in repair, the roads leading from the port town, and borough of Minehead, through Dunftan and Timber-fcombe, to Hcle Bridge, and through the town Dul-verton, and by the river and Brulhford Green to Exbridge, in the county of Somerfet, andfrom thence to Ba-tham Bridge, in the town of Bampton, in the county of Devon •, and alfo the road leading from the faidport town and borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and

LI3.	‘	Bill-

Digitized by

Anno quinto GeoKGIi Ilf. C. g4,-—99.	[1765.

Billbrooke to Harrow Gate,	Stogumber,

in the county of Somerfet \ and aft the road leading from Carhampton	aforefaid,through the town of Watchet, in

the farijh of Saint Decumans, in the county of Somerfet, to or near the village of Rydon, and by Long Crofs Bam, to the end of the Bridgewater turnpike , the town of Nether Stowey, in the county of Somerfet; from the faid town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the village of Williton in the parijof Saint Decumans, and from the faid tetwn of Watchet, by way of Five Bells Fair Crofs, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton m the faid count] of Devon.

CAP. XCIV.

An	ad for repairing the church of the of	All

Saints and Saint John, in the town of Hertford.

CAP. XCV.

An ad for repairing and widening the	leading from i

fireet called The Hundred, at Romfey, through Chil-worth, to the river at Swathling, in the county of Southampton, and for connecting the fame with the road kai-ing from the city of Winchefter, through Hurfley, Chandler’s Ford ; and from Hurfley	,	to	tit

turnpike road at Romfey aforefaid j and alfo for repairing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling aforefaid, through Botley, to the turnpike road at Sherril Heath,	in the faid county p/'Southampton.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Alford to Bolton, and from thence to Cowbridge, the count] of Lincoln.

CAP. XCVII.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor yin tie hundreds of Loes, and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk CAP. XCVI1I.

An ad to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in tit twenty fourth year of his late Majefty, for repairing road /row Crofs ford Bridge to Mane heller, and for amending the road from Crofstord Bridge aforefaidy to a certain place in Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chefter.

CAP. XCIX.

An ad for amending and widening the road, from the city of

York,

Digitized by t^ooQle

5*9

*7^5’] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. too,—104.

York, by Grimfton Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimftone Smithy aforefaid, to a certain gate, at the upper end of Garraby Hill, in tie county of York.

CAP. C.

yin a St for repairing and widening the road from Stockport, in the county of Chefter, to Saxon's Lane End, in the county of Lancafter, and from the crofs, in Afbeon-Under-Linc in the /aid county of Lancafter, to Do&or's-Lane-Head, in the county of York j and aifo the road -i ing out of the firft-mentioned road, in the townjhtp of 1 Bredbury, to Mottrara, in the faidcounty of Chefter.

CAP. Cl.

An alt for repairing and widening the roads from the Little Bridge, over the end of the drain, next Wifbeach River,

. lying between Roper's’ Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wif-l beach, in the Jfle of Ely, to the ftgn of the Bear in Walfoken, in the county of Norfolk ; and from Walfo-ken Bridge, lying over the fame drain, to the faid fign of i	the Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islington, and from

j	thence to the weft ends of Maudlin Bridge and German’s

Bridge, in the county of Norfolk ; and from the eaft of •	German’s Bridge aforefaid, totbeweftendof Long Bridge,

i	in South Lynn, in the borough of King’s Lynn, in the

\	faid county of Norfolk ; and from Iflington aforefaid, to

Crofe Keys Wafh in the faid county.

'	CAP.	C1I.

An aSl for repairing and widening feveral roads, leading from between the Second and third mile ft ones, on the turnpike road between the town and county of Coole, and Winborn , Minfter, in the county of Dorfet, to Bratton Corner, in the county of Somerfet.

CAP. CIIL

An aSl to enlarge the term and powers of an aSl made in the twenty	[eventb year of his late Majefty, for	,

' ing, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Rat-cliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlefex, and other roads in the faid aSl mentioned -, and 1 for lighting, watching and watering thefaid roads.

CAP. CIV.

An alt for enlarging the term and powers granted by an all pajfed in the twenty Jixthyear of his late	reign,

intituled. An ad for repairing and widening the roads

therein

Digitized by ^3 ooQle

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 105,—108.	^^65.!

therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Sbtpton Mallet and Ivelcbefter, in the county of	, J

and for repairing the roads from Shepton Mallet to Leigh- ■ ton, and from Sbepton Mallet to Long Crofs Bottom. '

CAP. CV.	I

An alt for repairing and widening tbe , from the tarn-pike road in Banbury, in tbe county of Oxford, through, Daventre, and Cottefbach, th tbe end of Mill Field, in tbe parijh of Lutterworth, in tbe county cf\j&-cefter.	1

CAP. CVI.

An a£tto continue tbe term and render more effectual an aS pajfed in tbe thirtieth year of tbe reign of bis late Majefy, for repairing and widening tbe roads leading from Spalding 1 High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county ^Northampton, adjoiningto the high road there.	^

CAP. CVII.

An a£l for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge, in the borough of Warwick, through Southam, and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

CAP. CVIII.

An	aft for amending and widening the road, from the north

end of Old Malton Gate, in tbe town and borough of New Malton^ to tbe town of Pickering, in tbe county of York.

Tbe End	of tbe	Twe Volume.

Digitized by