THE

Statutes at Large,

4tim vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV. PART III.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo quarto

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Fourth Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

Cap. 2. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An for preventing ttrlain instruments from being required from flips belonging to the United States of America; and to give 4o his, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce V between the subjects of his Majestfs, and the inhabitants of

the said United States.

Cap. 3. To continue so much, of an act made in the last session of parliament, as allows further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the publick, from the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou-fhnd seven hundred and eighty-four.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 5. To enable the company of proprietors of the Bin rowftownness navigable cut or canal, more effectually to complete and maintain the fame.

Cap. 6. For establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an act, made in the bit session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing an made 1 in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty y, 1

€* for charging a stamp duty upon inland bills of exchange^

€t fory notes, or other notes, payable than upon demand ”

and for gracing new stamp-duties on bills of exchange, and other notes; and also stamp-duties on receipts; and for indemnifying all persons who have written or signed any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt, not damped according to law.

Cap. 8. For the more easy and speedy recovery of fmatt debts within the town and port of, and the parishes of Charlton, Buckland\Rivery Ewelly Coldredy Lang-

dony West Langdon, Ringwouldy Saint Margaret's At Cliffy Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, Guftony Hougbam otherwise Huff ham, Caple le Ferny and Alkham, and also the liberty of Dovor Castle, in the county of Kent*

Cap. 9. To enlarge the powers of an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain marfit and fen lands, and low grounds, in the parish Wiggenhall Saint

Mary Magdalen, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 10. For appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand hundred and eighty-four 5 together with those named in two former acts for appointing commissioners of the land tax, and with those named in an act of the last session of parliament, intituled granting an aid to his Majesty by a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven and eighty-three.

Cap. 11. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for die better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 12. To authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases; and to amend the laws respecting the transportation of ] offenders.

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part v of Great Britain called England for one year* beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and for lessening the number of deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace to act in the execution of the laws to- ! kiting to the militia. I

Cap. 14. To continue the provisions of an act of the twenty- 9 third of his present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the ex* 3

portatiem

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

portatkn ^/“British and Irish buckrams and, British and

Irish linens, British callicoes and, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted* Jiained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

Cap. 15. For further continuing* for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, for

venting certain instruments from being required from belonging

to the United States of America; and to give to his, for a

limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Cap. 16. For allowing.further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 17. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 18. For regulating, and rendering more effectual, the dtaction of the statute-work within the shire of Edinburgh; and for authorising the trustees for putting in execution several acts for repairing the high roads in the county of, to bor-

row, upon the credit of the tolls arising within the didrift of Lajwode, a further sum of money, to be applied for payment of certain sums borrowed on the perfoqal security of the said trustees; and for further repairing the roads within the said district.

Cap. 19. For settling the rates for the carriage of passengers and goods for hire to and from the Ijio of Wight*

Cap. 20. For the appointment of an additional overseer, ifor the better government of the poor of the parish of, in

the county of Wilts,

Cap. 21. For building a bridge over the river, at New* haven,in the county of Svjfex.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for -v pairing and widening the road from Shillingford, the county of f Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the county of Berks; and for building a bridge over the river ! Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

Cap. 23. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of ran act made in the third year of the reign of his present Matt eft y, intituled An act for repair, and keeping in

repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county Westmor-Jand, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bramcote Odd House, in he county of Nottingham, to The Cross Port upon Siqalley Com-

non, in the county of Derby; and from Ilkefton to the towns of ieanor find Shipley, in toe said county of Derby $ and from Trowell, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham;

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

tingham; except so far a* relate* to the road leading from 1U

kefion, to the town of Shipley.

Cap. 25. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, repairing roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory’s Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the county ^Hertford.

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the south end <?/NcVton Abbott to the pojjage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the end of a lane leading out of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott’s Kerfwell, to Five Lanes; and from Langver’s Bam to the /aid turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk’s Bridge and Brixham Quay; add from Langver’s Bam to the north end aington Town, all in the county of Devon.

Cap. 27. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, far repairing and widening the road from the Lostwithiel turnpike, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tre-gony, to Ruan Lanehorneand from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the south fide of Trethim Mill, in the of

Saint Just, in the said county.

Cap. 28. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, amending, widening* and keeping in the road from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s

End j and from or near the guide post at Walcot Town’s End, n the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile stone in Welford Field, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 29. For continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from Boroughbridge, the county of York, to Cathe-rick, in the same county; and from thence to Piers-bridge, am tit river Tees.

Cap. 30. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, alt for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at sr near the town of Swindon, to the north end or fide of the town tf Marlborough; and from the said town Marlborough to

logo of Everley, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 31. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarg-i Sng the powers, of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty; for repairing, and keeping tn, several roads leading from the town of Barnstaple, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 32. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of e tp

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

«n aft, made in the second year of the reign of his prefcnf Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Colham, in (hecounty of Southampton, to the city of Chichester.

Cap. 33. For continuing the term and powers of an a<», made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, fur repairing the red from the fourteen mile ft one^ in the parish ef Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the said county.

Cap. 34. For continuing and amending an act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place Donington 5 and from the tenth mile stone in the farish of Gofbertown, to the eighth mile stone in the parish of Wigtoft, in the county ^Lincoln.

PRIVATE ACTS.

AN act for naturalizing John Christkm Splitgerler and Ser boftian Fridag.

2. An act for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons and waste grounds, within the parish of, in the county of Derby.

4. An act to enable the honourable Richard, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of pursuant to the will of fir George Savile baronet, deceased.

5. An act to dissolve the marriage of Walter Nijbet esquire, with Anne Blomberg, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for naturalizing Aug Everard Brande.

7. An act for naturalizing Detlev Eicke and John

Henry Hecier.

8. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of a certain piece or parcel of land, in or near the parish of -/ham, formerly part of the park there called Richmond, or Hew Park, in the county of, to Caroline baroness of

Greenwich, and her heirs, for a full and valuable consideration.

9. An act for vesting part of the estates of Charles late duke

of Bolton, deceased, devised and settled by his will, in trustees,

discharged of the uses and limitations limited, created, and exprefted in the said will, for the purpose of more effectually carrying into execution a decree and certain orders of the high court of chancery for sale of the fame estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement made between the lord bishop of Norwich and Jacob Prejion esquire, for the exchange of certain estates in the county of Norfolk.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

11. An act to enable William Hunt esquire, and

Walter Hunt Grubbe gentleman, and, after their several deaths, the guardiana of their respective issue, to rpake leases of their settled estates in the county of Wilts* and in the city of Bristol.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor, or common, within the manor of Leybu and parish of in

the north riding of the county of York

13. An act for dividing and indoGng the common fields* common downs* common woods, wade lands, and other commonable places in the parish of 4adiVory in the county of Southampton.

14. An act to enable David Edward Levitt esquire, to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of, pursuant to the yrijl of Richard Lloyd, late of Wernt Newitk> in the county of Cardigan* esquire, deceased.

The End of the TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

jinnoregn’t GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Brand a, & Hibernia,

AT the parliament begun and at Westminster, the thirty-first day of Q&ober, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty-first year of the reign of our fivereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland* King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day /November, 1783; being the fourth feffim of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

seven hundred and eighty-four.

Malt alt of a Geo. 3* further continued to June *4,17*5, and 6 Geo. a* recited. Clause of loan at 41.10*. per cent. Exchequer bills issued by irtue of this afitobe placed as cash in the offices of the tellers Of the receipt of exchequer} lobe i flu able thereout in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue* Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal, for hours after demand subject to a&ioit for the money and full costs. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Interest to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bills nre in the hands of receivers, &c. Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be signed and dated. Bills may be re-issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books, tool, penalty on receiver neglecting to keep books, See." Bills filled up by indorsement, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding c,ooool. each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or indorsement thereon, felony. Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal sums, which maU from time time be in course of payment upon exchequer bills, as money is brought an, to be paid to the paymasters. Bills to be registered in course. Wtua

f fa

When

manly

:ed x

4Q$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2—<*6. [1785.

poney is referred for payment the interest to cease. Paymasters liable tq the controul of the treasury. Treasury to lettle salaries of clerks, &c. and to contract with persons to circulate bills. at the rate of 4I. 10s. per cent per aim. Conrra&ors not disabled f>om being members of pints-ment, Sec. Contra&cfs may lower or raise the interest, with content of treasury. Contractors to be paid out of money iflTued to the paytnafter. No fft to be taken by the off,ecu of the exchequer, Sec. IJo fractions ot a pet) py to be paid for interest. Charges so be p*id ftp* of the'jjnkiiK fprid, and to nt replaced oat of the nrft supplies. Clause of reqef fit bills lost or destroyed. Bills discharged to 1>e cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated to difdnrge national debts incurred before Dec. *5,1716. Deficiency of the malt tax is Geo. 3. how to be supplied Arrears of Conner duties to be applied in aid of .{be supplies granted for the yeu 1784.

CAP. II.

An act to continue for limited time, an act wa^e io the last fefBoo of parliament* intituled An afor'preventing certain inftfuments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited fime, C«rtwn power* far the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubie&t of his Mi» jetty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Geo. 3. c. 33. recited; and continued until April so, 1784.

CAP. III.

An to ponfinue fa much of an act made in the last session of parGi* " merit, as allows Farther time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become dpe to the publick, from the united company of merchant! of England trading to the East Indie*.

S3 Geo. 3. c. 83. recited. C^mnpflfaners of the treasury may allow tbc company further time for t Mpayihent of their'debts dqe to the public

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an ai<i to hit Ma|«fly by a land tax, to be raised it, Great Britain, for the frrvice -of the^ear one fftohrarid seven hofrirn

jnd eighty-four. — Four fhiillrigs fa t he pound* 1

p a' p. v.

A» to enable the company of proprietors Of the JfairowItawiM* ' navigable cut or canal, more eifettuajiy to complete nnd nuurinia'tbi fame.

AS 8 Geq. 3. c. 6 j. recited. Company o( proprietors ina powered to frifc a*further sum of ri,ooool.‘; to be divided into ttiaries of 50I. £acfi. fartprions raised fmee the passing. the former act, deemed part of the cy tal Dock. It fubfirtiptton* prove deficient the 901110407 quy bppff jnoney, and assign the tolj$ 3* leturity.

C A vr.

An ett fhr tfkphhshing certain regulations concerning the portaged conveyance of letters and packets by^ the fojl between Qrcat Britiifl and Ireland.

[Preamble.]

Wf EREAS,. by an off made in the fourth year of the nil*

Recital of ' of Ms present Majes > An act for preventing Geo. 3. c. and abuses in relation to the Tending and receiving of

" lettes'

Anno vicesimo quarto GeoAOII III. c. 6. 409

etters and packets free from the duty of pottage; ft; f

enacted, That rib, letters or packfent by the post, or.

crom any place whatsoeVebyJball be exempted from paying the duty of

ojlagty except fiubletters and packets as are therein excepted: and

whereas a pofl^fic'e in tpe kingdom Ireland it intended to be ejtb^ dishedy independant of that of Great Britain, in which case it >e necessary that proper regulations be made for carrying oh the corm respondence by post, between. Qffcat Britain and Ireland, and that to letter* or packets (except id the cajes btrein-after to be hould pefs free of poflage from the one kingdom to the other: for which purpose, may it please your Majesty that it niay be.enafU td 5 and be it enacted by the Ring’s tfiott excellent Majesty* by ind with the advice and coriferit of the iords spiritual and tern-poral, and commons* id this present parliament attembled* >t v ind by the Authority of the faaie; That, immediately from and Pat*?. tni

ifter the establishment of a general post office Ih, by re^, & % he authority of the parliament of that kingdom, so much.of the^eftjcblifln-the said act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefect ment of a get Majesty, is.-relates to letters and packets, printed votes* pro* nenl post. \

:ceding* in parliament, and printed tiewfpapers, patting by the

post free from the duty 6f pottage, from Great Britain to Ire-

and, and from irelahd to Great Britain, shall be, and the fame

is heireby repealed; v

Ill And whereas the conveyance of letters from Gfcat

Britain to Ireland* and from Ireland to Great Britain, isintettdei

to be defrayed at the expense of the revenue of Great Britain; be it

therefore further enacted, That nothing herein Cohtaihed shall NottodepHv#

deprive, or be construed to deprive, the postmaster-general for ,he

the time being* and his jftpbties; Of the pottage and convey- Jhc MttaJe

a nee of letters and packets from Great Britain to, and and frooilrt*

from Ireland to Great Britahty or prevent the said postmaster- land.

general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving,

and taking, for the iife of his Majesty; his heirs and fucccf-

Tors* the rates by dny a ft of acts of parliament payable for the

Tame.

III. And be it Anther enactfcd by‘ the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's pO(U Cerhfie add!* matter-general* and his deputies, and he send they are hereby required to demand and receive, for the port and conteyance

Df all letters and packets for Great Brit, carried by the post general* toHe within any pert of Ireland* in addition to the rates of pottage accounted toff iiercby reserved, such further rates 6f pottage as shall, upon the to the post. istablishment of a port*office in Ireland,be charged for convey- °afJ£,ft

ince of letter^ and packets therein, by any ait or *fts to be ^re^fter made by the parliament of that kingdom and that his Majesty's postmaster-general shall, and he IS hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the revenue of the post office of Ireland, quarterly, such pottage so to accrue with-

in the kingdom of Ireland, and to be received within that of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

Y f'j That*

land to be conveyed to

the poftmaf* ter geaend cheat.

410 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6.

[17!].

A temporary That, until the general post office of shall hate db*

H®* btiftted packet boats for the port and conveyance of letters and the T^ofSce Pac^ets ^oin Ireland to Great there shall be allowed h

in irdud. account, from the general letter-office or post office m Grot Britain, to the revenue of the post office in, a fumnot exceeding four thousand pounds per annum, by quarterly pay-menu, in lieu as well of the profits of the said packets, as in compensation fot other purposes.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority1 aforefod* General pot- That the poftmaftet-general of Great Britain, and aril and every office in fie- other person and persons in whom the buildings erected in Dublin, and known by the name of The General a

Ireland, are or shall be veiled,* shall, and he and they are hereby severally authorised and required, so soon as a post-atfee shall be established in Ireland, by authority of the parliament of that kingdom* to assign over and convey to the postmaster-

general of Ireland for the time being, for the use of his Majesty is heirs and successors, without any consideration being paid for the fame, all and singular the Said buildings, and all right, title, and interest whatsoever, in and to the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's postmaster-general for (he time being to authorise certain persons to lend and receive printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and print* tofend mud oewfpapers, by the post, to and from Great Britain and lrt> receive prist- land, at the rate of one penny only for each printed vote and cd voces. Sec. proceeding, in parliament, and each printed newspaper, over to and (com above the printed price thereon, to be carried to the revenue of the post office of Great Britain; and all prinred votes and proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, feat and received, shall be free from any other rate of poftap whatsoever.

VII. Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any person whatsoever to fond any printed votes, proceedings id parliament, and printed newspapers, by the post, to and koto

__________Great Britain and Ireland, kt the rate of one penny only for fb<

each,provided carriage of each printed vote and proceeding in parliament,!^ the packet* each printed newspaper; such printed votes, proceedings,

printed newspapers, when so sent, to be open at both ends; the penny required to be paid for the carriage of the Same to be paid when the said printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, shall be put into the post office; wbkl printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed new/p* pers, shall be marked Post paid, and the money received thereofl shall be carried to the rev enue of the post office of Gnat Brin*

Potwlfer-geaerai may

Any person may tend printed votes. See* by the pod, lor a d.

f I7Jj-l Anno vicesimo quarto GtoRdb III. C* 411

- c A vit.

j&i.al? to explain and amend afiad, made fijjbti

foment, intituled An act for reeling an ait, made Id thq twenty, second year of his present Majesty, intituled An act

for charging a stamp duty upon intend tills of exchange,

note*, or other notes, payable other Wifi than upon demand i and for granting new stamp-duties on bills of etenange, pfotoif-. lory and other notes; and also (lainp-duties dri receipts j and for indemnifying ailperfofts tube have written or signed any hill rt exchange, promissory or other note, or any cording ti lav).

\jtfEREAS by an HR,made in the test if Aeamtitft

Vt (intituled An act for repealing an act» made in the twenty-second year of his present MajestyJ intituled An 4ft fop tbarging a fiamp-duty upon inland bills 6f exchange* Promissory

or other notes, payable other wise than upon demand end for granf* log new stamp-duties On bills of exchange, protrtiflory dftd other tiores; and also stamp-duties on receipts)} That}

from and after the first day of Augud, ofe thousand hundred *nd eighty three, there flfmdbe raiftd, levied, and paid,

throughout the "kingdom f Great Britain; unto and for of his Majesty, his fair's and successors,the fevered and ’

ing; (that is to fly), for ebtry piece of vellum or oh

sheet or piece of paper, uponWhich any foreign or inland bill of

change, promissory note, or Other note, draft, & order, be grojfed, written, or printed, whfre the Jam therein, of

made pdf able thereby, should not amount to ’the sum of fifty pounds', there shoidd be charged aJidmp-duty offix pence \ and for every pied of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, Upon which an} foreign or inland bid of exchange, promissory hole, or other draft, or order, should be ingrossed, written, or printed. Where the fiem expressfed therein, ftr tndde payable thereby, should amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwardt, there should be charged a stamp-

duty of one killing: and it wits enacted. That, from and after the first day of September; one thousand seven hundred and there should be raised, levied, allefted, and throughout tbi kingdom of Great Britain, the fevered rates and duties (that is to say), for every piece of vellum or pahhriUnt, or Sheet of piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other difehaige given upon the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and hot amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, JkoUld be ingrossed, or printed

there should be charged d Jiamp-duly of two-pente\ Und for ever} piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of amounting to the futh of txbenty pound), and upwards, should be -grossed, written» or printed, there should be charged a /lamp duty of four-pend: and it Was farther enacted by the act. That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, di/iribut ions of penalties, and

forfeitures, and all other matters and things or appointed

Ff4

--'

4M

Anno vicesimo quarto Gkorgm HI. c. 7.

[17!$

Jy anyfirmer act or acts of par relating to the dntia on vellum*parchment* and paper> should be of full force and eftd

.with relation to the duties thereby imfojei* and should be applied ed put in execution for the raijinlevying* collecting* and feiwneg.de

/aid new duties, thereby mpefed* according to the true intent ad vmeaning of ike [aid ad* as and effectually* to all intents ad

purpofis* as if the fame had and respedheiy been thtrdj

.enacted* with relation to the said new duties thereby whereas bf federal of the laws now in fine* relating fa the jleup duties on vellum* parchment* and paper* it was enacted* per/ on or per fins should ingross or or caufi to be

written* upon any vellum* or paper* any of tie matter,

or things fir which the said or is sherd)

charged to say any duty* before time as the vellum* parti

mint* ot paper* /ballbe marked or stamped as

wbkb there shall not be fimmark or resembling the fame* er fboedd ingrofi or write* or caufi to be ingrijj'ed or written* any -ter or thing upon any vellumparchment* or paper* that should marked or stumped fir any lower duty than the duty by such alls able for what should be so or written* ing should* fir every such offence* forfeit the of five

ami by other of the said laws the penalty and n

fleck offence is ten pounds rand whereas doubts have whethe

1 the find rutted ad of the last session of parliament extends any er

either* and which of the penalties prescribed by the said firmer of parliament*to bills of exchange* promijfiry and other notes* ad receipts or other discharges given fir the payment of money* on vellum* parchment* or paper* net properly stumped: for remedy whew*

of, and to obviate such doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King-s mod excel* lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord* spiritual land temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (fernbled, and by the authority of the same, That, froa and after the twenty-fifth day of one thousand feveo

hundred and eighty-tour, all and every person or persons who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any bill of hange# -exchange, promissory of other note, or any receipt or other dif no^orre- charge given for the payment of money, liable-to any (lamp* ceipt*liable duty charged by the said recited. act of the Jaft session of parlii-toaay ftapip- ment, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without by the the fame being first duly stamped as in and by the said act h session directed, or upon which there shall not be some (latftp or road

cvptonfamp- resembling the fame, he, she, or they shall, for every such bill «d paprr, &c. of exchange, promissory or other note, or any such receipt or 00 penalty ot other discharge, so written or signed, forfeit and pay the fuo of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by dx said recited act is directed, or in manner herein after men*

tioned.

AH persons Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

indemnified said, That no person shall be liable to any prosecution for bar* (mhaving 'ing written or signed, or caused to be written or signed, prc-

¥10*4

Mo person,' after Mfrch

»5,17«4.to

write or (irn any bit! of each a

7*1*3 Anoo-tkefimo quarto GEORGII Hi. C; 7. 41}

vious to the commencement of this adfc, apybiil of exchange, signed such proa\j(Tory or other note, or any receipt or other discharge for she payment of money, uppp any piece of vellum, parchment* bSore or paper, apt duly damped according io^the directions contain- thtcin-cd in the said recited a# of the lad feraori of parliament; niehcetttedt of

i III. And whereas drafts or orders for meat of money ok

demand upon any banker, or person or person as a banker, rt-ftding or transading the bufinefi of a banker within tea toilet of the

plaee of abode of tie person or persons drawi such draft or

are exempted on the find herein-before recited act from the payment

of the stamp~auty thereby imposed ;and whereas it might tend to pro*

pent evafioeu, if such exemption was confined to drafts or orders made

payable to the hearer \be it therefore further enabled. That ali Drafts ori

Cdrafu or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon tankers, out any banker, person or persons acting as bankers, which are not Cyahte drawn payable to the bearer, shall be, and the fame arc hereby jj^tome declared to be liable to and changed with the-(lamp-duties by lamedories she said herein-before recited act impeded upon foreign or in* bHIs of land bills of exchange, promi (Tory dotes, or other notes, drafts, exchange,^ or orders; the hereiA-before recited exemption in the said a <0 the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it was not the intention of the

to jubied to any fiamp-duty any note, draftor which

legally given for any sum not amounting to therefore

.be k enacted, That no stamp duty shall be required for or on Note*, fee. account of any draft, order, or note,'which may legally be under 40 a. given, wherein the sum expeeded or made payable does not not table to amount to the sum of forty shillings* Mny

V. And whereas, by the said herein-before recited act, the duty

thereby granted on receipts is dirededto be paid by the person requir-

ing the fame, (except as therein is excepted), and a penalty is by this act imposed on any person who shall givo a receipt on any

vellum, or paper, not properly jfomped as by the said act is dirededz and whereas it would bo a great convenience to traders and others to

furnijbthe sueipt pt oporly stamped, if they were allowed to mdkc a tbarge thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may Person* rr-

be lawful for any person or persons required to give any re- quicedtogH* ccipt, to provide the paper stamped and marked as by the said a recited act is directed; and such person or persons shall and may add the value of the damp to the debit of the account of ctarge the the person requiring the fame, or to the demand, for the dif- value tftectaf. charge of which the said receipt was required; which said charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no- Receipt* for thing in this act, or in the herein before recited act contained, the purctafc shall extend, or be conftvued to extend, to charge or impose

any stamp duty upon any receipt given or to be given for the S?fordivh confidetation for the purchase of any share in any publick (lock dendt thereof, or fund, or in the (locks of the corporations of the bank of not liable to

4^4 Aiino vtcefimd qtidrfo Gsdltoil Ift.'tt. f. [iy&j,1

England* East India company, orcdtnpany, or for the dividends paid or payable on such (Hares of the said (locks. mm tUoft for

VII. Provided always, and it is hefceby further enacted by drawback*, the authority aforesaid, That nothing iii tbiiadl, ot in tW be* fore-recited act of the last session, shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to charge any receipt given or required td bo given for any money payable by la# to arfy merchants for drawbacks of bounties upon the exportation of any goods oterthancfoet from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or custotns, nor to any portage bills allowed to mailers of ships or vessels for making a just and true report of their cargo at the coftom-house $ any thing in this act* of any other act or acts of parrHament, to the contrafy riot with (landing.

No bill of

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bill exchange. of exchange, promissory or other note, receipt Or other d& note, or re- charge given for the payment of moneys required to be damped stamped after recited act of the last session of parliament, shall be

written or permitted to be stamped at any time after the same shall have signed, unless been written or signed, unless upon payment of the fom of tea upon oayment pounds; and the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined “ 10 * and required, upon payment of the duty, and (he said sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for (he fame* and td mark or damp" such bill of exchange, promissory note, receipt br other discharge given for the payment of money, with thC mark or (lamp required by the said hereiti-6cfore rc-- cited act.

Any neigh-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; bouring juf- That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the t ce may de- peaCC redding near the place where the offence shall be Com-fences against mitted, to hear ?n(1 determine any offence against this a<Sl, ,cf

thu adr the said recited act of the last session of parliament, which fub-je<5ls the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of iigning, or causing to be written or signed, any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money; without the fame being first duly damped; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited; or complaint made, in that behalf; to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine ' into the matter of fall; and upon due proof made thereof either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture aS in and by this act is TemHti»s may directed, and to award attd ifiiie out his warrant under his hand bc ttvied by and seal, for the levying the said penalty of five pounds so ad-uittrds. judged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within fix On f*,lur* of days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any); and wherd lender to be the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer committed. the penalty, to commit such offender to prifdn* there to remain

for

3*J Ando rtcefimo cjuafto Georgii III. c. '

if the fyate ttf three months* unkfs such pecuniary penalty tall he (boner paid and Satisfied t and if any person -or persons laM find himself or tifcfttfol?w- aggrieve* by the ^odgmfot -if ny such judice, thtfth*Oi^ity(tal!and tiny* upon gift«£ icurity to the amount Of tbdvtiluef of such peitalry and for* siturc, together with fhth ct>(h * shall be awarded m case ach judgment shall be affirmed^apjfcai to the ^julfiderof the ►eace at the next general quartet feifiofcs for ehe ooutttyf ridings r place, which (hah happed after'fourteen days’ tteitfbdtr such onviction shall have been made, and of which' appeal reason* ble notice shall be given, who are hereby impowered to sum-non and examine whnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and letermine (he fame:, and in case the judgment of such judice hall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to award he person or persons to pay such costs ocoafioned by such ap-ieal, as to them shall seem meet. Provided neverthelefe. That t shall and may be lawful to and for the'find joftke, where he hall fee cause, to mitigate and lefTen any such penalties as he hall think (it, (reasonable oodsand'charges of the officers and nformers, as well ht making the discovery as in prosecuting he fame, being always allowed, over add above such mitiga-ion), and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to efs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above he said Cods and charges; any thing contained'in this act, or iny other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a wttness or witnesses, to give evidence before such judice or judices, touching any of the matters restive to this act, or to the herein-bdfore recited of theiad leflion of parliament, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, (his or her reasonable expences being firit paid or tendered), without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusel, to be allowed of ay such judice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall re-ruse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such jjftice or justices of the peace before Whom the prosecution shall ae depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for ivery such offence, the sum of forty Shillings- to be levied and aaid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed is to other penalties, Without a reasonable exetffe for such re-rufal, to be allowed of by such judice or justices of the peace.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (the necessary charges for the re-rovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and drftfi->uted, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his Ma-edy’s damp-duties, (or some person authorised by him to rereive the lame), for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for ;he fame.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or

persons

4*1

Persons ag-

proper Security) appellee the quarter difioMS,

whole deter-ni nation Jhdl be final.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

Penalty on persons sum-rooned as wit-nrfies who shall negfedt to appear.

Penalties and forfeit urea how to be applied.

Complaints, # 8tc, under this

4 ti Anno vi&fimo <juart& GeoftouHI, c. [tylji

to hi period* dull be liable to be convicted before any jiiftweof peice

nik4e within fa offence committed agpinft tMU ad, or m id intituled,

JOta* In efi fir repeating an 08,made in the twenty-feeoud jtor tf to

(repent Majestyi intituled* Ari act for Charging a tfamp-duty upon, inland bills of exchange, prointi&tly note*, or other notes, pay-

j able otherwise than upon demand % Jk*p

duties on Hits of exchange*prmtffbrj and other, and dfijlap

duties on rteeipts\ unless complaint or information shall bemads or exhibited against such person or persons wittfiri ode year after inch offence committed*

CAP. Vits:

An act for the more tafy and speedy recovery of small debts witSin tfi town and port of Dovor, and the parities of Ctiarlton, BucklM River, Ewell, Lyddeu, Coldred, East Langdon, Welt Langdon, E«f* would,' Saint Margaret's At Ql»tf, Wmc field other wile BesosM, Guftoir, Hougham otherwise Huff ham, Caple 1# Fern, and AlkHa, and also the liberty of DovAr Cattle, Id the county of Kent.'

The name and style to be the Cobft of Reqoeftf in the Town aMPart of Voror i debts above as. and under 40a. may tic recovered the.cifl. Cow d&imoners appointed.

C a P. j£

An kd to enlarge the powers of an act made in tfife thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Georgy the Second, intituled An adfr draining and preserving certain marln and Yen lands, and low grossto in the p&rish of Wiggenhdl Saint Maty Magdalen, in the const? 0 Norfolk,

Recital of an act 30 Geo. a. c. 3*. Commi/toners of fonder arf to* tornrriiflioneri in this. Meetings of coolmiiSoners as in former act Po*® to lay a forth*: tot of »s. 6d. per acre per ann. on lands on theweffck Of South and North Heading Drains, and vs. td. pef acre person. land* on the emit fide of said drains, kites to be not left than a moiety until payment of the money to be borrowed. Power to borrow $,ooooL and to assign the rates as a fCcority. Mortgagees to be creditors is eqwj proportion, without priority* The money to be borrowed to pay thedurp of this act, End then for altering; removing, rebuilding, or repairing, & gines, &c. The rates to be liable, in the first place, to the psymestof the money to be borrowed, and intereff thereof. Creditors may ddnh for intereff, if not paid half yearly, or within three months after, te* rities transferable. - A dam* bank; drain, and Alice, to be made three, months after passing this act, terefls tpfe end of The North Boot* Proviso, that at the expiration of ten years, if laid dam, Arc. is ptjri* rial to the drainage of lands south of. Ibid.Simons Load, the lame ts be removed. May 1 make allowance foe ca (thing molds' and vermis* trees or hdlts to be within 400 yards of any engines hoW of hW» e reded by this or the' former act} noy any building to be heretfttr ti&d within the lame distance; No mitl or engine to be erected or UW to drainage of owners own lands only; Claulm, Arc. of former act exttsra to this. Ail frits to be' commenced within. six calendar mohda, brought in Norfolk, General issue. Treble costs. Publick act,.

»7

783.] Anno vicesimo quarto GsoBOll III C. 10-w 12,

kn act for appointing commissioners tq put fa execution an act of thip session of parliament* intituled, act for grafting an aid to hit Mi. jetty by a land tax. to be raised in Great firittin, fqr the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-foyr; together with those pained in two former acts for appointing cam million ert of the hpid tax* and with those named in an act of the last session of parliament* intituled An act for granting ai> aid to fcis Majesty by a land tat* to be

raised in Great Britain, »<* the (ifrripe of the year questtooqfand fcveii hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI,

in act for mmifliing iqutiny and deserticm; and for the better ptymenf of the army and their <|uartert.

lumber offeree* 17^13* ipehnjing 1,* jqtayitkJ*, Antiqued for ohe year;

fa off to authorise the removal n certain cases; and t§

aflted the laws rtfpeflingI, 1

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS difficulties have occurr, which

the carrying into execution /ententes cad orders 'ion of convii 0s to places beyond the feat, and it may be some

fere the jasd difficulties can to obviated: and the «w-

e/ually great nUmtorof offenders now under /entente of death and re/pited during his Majesty's phafure, or under fentente or order of transportation, in the gaols within England Wales, there is

ruch a want of eowenient andfuffident room in many of gaols

that-very dangerous conferences are to to apprehended,

'm mediate provifeon be made for removing fetch offenders to feme other

elate of confinement: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritdal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliampu assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, His Majesty from and immediately after the twenty-fifth day of, one imnowered to thousami seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful for 0 €°

his Majesty, from time to time, by an order in writing to be tbieejuttkes notified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries offtate, or of peace to for any three of fnprq of such of his Majesty's justices of the order, the repeace afiipg in and for the county, city, or place, in which “PT*1 malt Fuch gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Ma- S^sentence* jetty, under his (ign manual, to direct the removal of ahy one of death*

Dr more male offender or offenders, who, during the continu- from any gaol ance of this act, shall be under feotenpa of death with* reprieve £, England or during his Majesty Is pleasure, or under Sentence or order of *et* :ranfponation, and who, havinr been examined by an experienced surgeon or apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious oiftemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifoa in which such offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement yv^thin England, or the do-

CAP. X.

CAP. XII.

minion

gle

Anno vicesimo quarto GioRGII nf. c. t*.

[17$$.

minion of Wales* either at land, or on board any ship orvefei in the river Thames* or any* navigable or other river, or within

the limits of any port of England or Wales* as his Majesty, of arty three or more of ftiVh justices, authorised as aforesaid, ihiB from time to time appoint, and under the management of overseer or overseers to be appointed by his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices authorised as aforesaid; and every offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the foil place of confinement, or be Removed to and confined in any other such. place or places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or a any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until fttch offender shall be transported. according to law or by the expiration of the term oi such ttfanfportation, or otherwise, shall be intitled to his 5-berty* or until his Majesty v or until any three or more of such justices, authorised "'as aforesaid, shall dire# the return of such offender to the gaol or pri fan from which he shall have been h removed.

to de. -

II. And he U further enactedx That the sheriff or gaoler, liver offenders having the custody of any offender who(e removal shall be or-J^r»rder« devod *i: manner aforesaid, fhilT, with all convenient speed wttb sTproper rece, Pt of the notification of any such order, convey,« certificate.1^ cause to be conveyed, every such offender to the place appointed, and there deliver him, with a certificate of his christha name, fur name, and age, and of his offence, and of the conn in which he was convicted, and also of the purport of his fen* tence, to such overseer or'overseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper receipt in writing to the sheriff or gaolef, for the discharge of (Uch sheriff or gaoler.

Gaolers fees,

III. And be it further enacted, That all fees, on deliverin' *nd expen ces out of the custody of such sheriff or gaoler any such offender fa of ordered to be removed, as bath usually been paid, and would

the cottftty,y have hcen due to them respectively if such offender had been &c. removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable

expences which the sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every fod removal, shall be paid by the county, riding* city, borough liberty, or other division, for which the court in which tte offender was convicted shall have been held; and the sheriffo* gaoler shall receive the money due for such fees an^l expend from the treasurer of such county* riding* city,-borough, so berty, or other division, ,fiidi fees and expences being nra allowed by the order of the justices of the peace at their qutrttrj or other general sessions of the peace, who are hereby required

to make such order as shall be just in that behalf.

Overseerv, to%

IV. And be it further enacted, That after delivery of aty whom such offender under this a#*, the overseer who shall have the custody S* Viv”erj are during the term of such custody, have the hoe 1

have the lame powers over him as ere incident to the office of a {henff*. powers over gaoler; and in Hke manner be anfiverable for anyefcapcoj them as gaol* such offender; and aHo, during such custody, shall feed ”» &c. clothe such offender, and ftiallkcep him in such manner, a*

4«9

783.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. u,

'here the fame can safely be done, permit him to labour at ich places, ajid under such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any threp or more of such justices,' uthorised as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, by any ordef p be directed to such overseer or overseer; for their instruction, ppoint; apd shall allow him half the profits arising from such Prisoners ta abour for his«own use; and in the mean tiipe, as pearly in pnformity to the treatment of persons committed (0 houses of :orre#ion as the nature of the case will a)low.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-hut (hair not hing.contained in this act shall extend to au(horise putting to he forced t<\ abour any person, whilst he coptipues popfinpd by virtue of works

his act, who shall not ^onfent (hereto,

VI. And it is hereby declared, That nil (he time during Time of im-vhich any offender, being removed under (he provisions afore- pnlonment tq aid, shall coptinue confined by virtue of this as, shall be

eckoned in difpharge, or part discharge, or satisfactiop of the term^ of tcani-:crm of his transpottation, To far as such time shall extend* portation. '

VII. And be it further enabled, That if any offender fjiall, Overseer* m«y luring such custody under this act, be guilty of apy mifbeha- inflia mode-viour or difprdefly conduct, 4( shall be lawful for such overseer mepomfli- ’ or overseers, having the custody of such offender, to inflict, or S^vioar^ eause to be indicted, such moderate punishroent as may be in*

Sifted by hw on persons committed to a house of correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully leave (lie custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall refeue, or attppipt to reicue, or aftift in refeuing, any such offender fropi speh custody, or shall supply any arms or instrument of escape, or any difguiie, to such offender, every such affence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such offender was in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff or other gaoler, fpf (he qripa* Vfhich such offender (half have seen convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the Overseer* to everal places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make return* pSt, shall, from time to time, make returns, specifying

lames of every person in their custody, the offence of which he of King hall have been guilty, the court before which he shall have Bench, the :>een convicted, the fentepce of the court, with his age, and (bit day of -bodily (tate, and his behaviour whilst in custody; and also the urm* lame of such offenders who (Kali have died under such custody,

>r shall have escaped, or have been lawfully, released from the a me; which returns shall be made the fifft day of every term o his Majesty's court of Khtfs Btncb at on the

>ath of (he ptffop or perfqps making the same; such oath to be made before the said court, or any commissioner authorised to ake affidavits in the fyne.

IX. And ythtrau tone art fivtraiptr county and

ttygaoh in England and Wales, vvtfrr jjmttnrtt and -mad*

y a jujlut pr jufliati ifpaane at thar jqjions* ar cibrrwift> in a

ummry yoy% W*attardhz l#( $4 pvrjf of ify cmaun law;

be

4*0 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. [tyjj.

Jbftice of be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any ^rcoiove Justice uflizv or great section, or any two or more justices oif pr^vcricom-the peace, wTthiq whose jurisdkS|jbn the said gaol is firtxate, to mitred by juf- remove any tuoty person or persons to any house of correction toe* of puce, within the said jurisdiction, there to remain in execution of the fejd fentenoe or order.

X. And whereas the f required by in th

fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

(intituled An act for the further preventing robbery, bursary, and other felonies, apd for the more gffeftual transportation oif felons, and unlawful exporters of wool \ and for declaring th? hw upon fame points relating to pirates), relates only to the portation of offenders to his Adajejlfs colonies and it

America: and whereas an pafid in the nineteenth yearef to

a nt Majesty* intituled An act to explain and amend thehws

:ing to the transportation, imprisonment, and other puoiflh ment, of certain offenders), hath not provided any fei&itj It takenmstead thereof \ be it enacted, That it shall and may be fevmgautho- )aWfu| fa* any cx>urt, having competent authority to orderlbc the tra^fpor- transportation of offenders, or any person or persons duly*-nrionofofc. thorised for that purpose, to require and take, from any person |e*<tar», may or persons who shall be willing to contrail or agree for the *Sree transportation of any offender or offenders, fuffioent security

andSkefecu- *c or the Y tfansport, or capfe to be transporteddfcc* my for their tu*Hy> such offender or offenders to the place to which he, (he, transporting or they, is, are, or shall be ordered to be transported; andtha the said offenders, or any of them, shall not be suffered to rt1 Yum from the said place to any part of Great, by the wilful default of such person or persons so corn raffing as afort* said, or his or their assigns; and infield of th* certificate re* quired by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to take security for the production of such other evidence of the actual transportation of such offender or offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the nature of the case may warrant.

XI. And whereas tht pr of the said act, paged in the

teenth year of the feign of his dfayefiy* An act to

explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, in-If offender* prisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders), on

V*1"?* ®°n¥/* net Sufficient to obviate the difficulties which have arisen in corrjitt Imported m*9 execution fententes and orders for of film* od

torbeplaee others now under confinement: and, in order t$ foaButt

mentioned in the transportation of fitch f, > it is

their sentence, faritj should be given to transport them to any proper KmzTSencb fas* although the said plate be not mentioned in the fintesut tt dec may order'orderfor their transportation :. be it enafied. That if any ofltoder tfoem to be hath already been ordered to be transported to any part beyood

transported the seas, or if 'hereafter any offender shall be under the like

Sace>3thcy order* and such order cannot be conveniently executed with jhati think respect to the place in such* order mentioned, it shall a ttxf proper. *bc lawful for thccGurt Qf'KirjgVdferftb* or for the court before

which

vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. i a.

which any such person hath been or shall be convicted* or any court holden for the same county, city, riding, liberty, division, or place, having like authority; or whilst the court of Kingi Bench is not fitting, for any two justices of the court

Bench, Common Pleas, or barons of the E, of the degree r

of the coif, if such court, or such two justices or barons, mall '

think fir, to order that such offender shall be transported to any

other part beyond the seas, which shall appear to fitch court

proper for that purpose, in such and the like manner^ and for,

the fame term of years, as such offender is or shall be liable to

be transported to the place mentioned in the original ferttehce

or order for his or her transportation-; and such order shill be'

considered as made at the feme time, sand shall be as effectual

to every intent and purpose, and shall have all the fame confe~

quences in every respectr as the original order for the'titlnfpor-

tadon of such offender; and such offender shall be transferred*

conveyed, and made over to any person who will contract for the performance of such transportation, and to his or their

affigrrv in like manner as if such offender had been transported

to the place mentioned in the original order of transportation;

and such person of person* so contracting as aforesaid. his or

their.assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid,

shall have a property and interest in the service of the said offender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such offender Offenders re. so ordered for transportation shall be afterwards at large Within turning before, any part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful tfC5*-pirali°l* cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender suffer*”0*

shall have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, death, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and shall be tried before such judges, and in such manner, and the fame evidence made life of for his or her conviction, as are directed by the laws now in being for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were? ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover, appre- *ol. reward bend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of for prosecut* clergy, any such offender so found at large within this king- of*

dom, shall be intitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the feme manner as any person may be in* titled, to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecuting to conviction, any offender ordered to be transported, and fqund; at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term, for which such offender was ordered to be transported: provided always, That it shall not be lawful to order any offender*to be transported to the coast -of Africa, who shall be under fenfence or order of transportation to any other place. Expences of

XU. And be it further enacted, That the expences of carry^ executing this ing this act into execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be a^.to bc annually laid before both houses of parliament; and after de-duCling the reout the profits, if any, arising from the earnings houses of par-v Vox. XXXIV. Gg of liament.

4*

Aabo victGmo quarto GsoRau III, c. i j; [lyljl o fthe offenders who shall labour in an/ of the places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall be provided for in the next supplies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

fcrfons prose-

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thai if any suit or atom cuted forexe- shall be profecoted against any person or persons for any thing aft ma* ol-ad done in Puffuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general the general issue, and give this act, ortbofpeciil matter, in iflitei evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fiat

was done by the authority of this act: and if a verdtft shall pah for the defondant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non suit, or discontinue his, her, or their a&oa or actions after issue joined; or if on demurrer, or otherwise, judgment shall be given agataft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and, on ob- defendat&or defendants shall recover treble costa, and have the *vcr" like remedy for the fame, as any defendants have by law in cover treble" ot^cr c^$ 1 and though a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff colts* in such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not hare

cods against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict. Limitation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all actions, baits, ini actions. prosecutions, to be commenced again (I any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the fast was committed, and shall be commenced within (ix calendar months after the fast committed, and not otherwise.

Continuance

XV. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this of this act* f0 far as the fame extend to authorize the removal of of-

fenders to temporary places of confinement, shall oontimie to ,be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of Martha one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four* and also to the end of the then session of parliament; or if tte laid term of one year shall not determine during any fdfioo, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An all far defraying the charge the militia in that part ef Great Britain 'calledEngland for one, beginning the

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighiyfout\ mi far lessening the number deputy lieutenants > and just ires

peace9 to act in the execution of the laws relating to the mititie.

KV. AND whereas by the laws now in being relative to JLm. raising and training of the militia certain odt

are required to be done by three deputy, or by two

lieutenants and one justice of the or by one and two justices of the peace: whereas it frequently happens.lint three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one if

the peatt) or one deputy lieutenant and two jttftues of the car

oof be assembUd for fuchpurposes% whereby many inconveniences ben

anf<*i

ijrSj.] Aririo vicesimo quarto GRoRGil III; C. 14—4*t

ariftn; be it therefore enacted, That irx all cases where any act AjJ acts here-is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy qui%j to be lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the dep. Beats, peace, such acts may be done by two deputy lieutenants, or by and one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace; and such ya^w0<w® acts so done shall be as valid and effectu.iT as if the fame were licuts. &c, done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peale, or by one deputy lieutenant and ' two justices of the peace; any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

Act ad* to continue the provision* of an act of the twenty-third of hi# present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of Brititti and Jrith buckrams and tillettings, British and frith linens, British cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, ft aided, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

») Geo. ]. c. ar. recited: and continued whilst a bounty upon exportation of buckrams and tillettings, linens, Callicoes, and cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, shall continue to be given by any act of parliament in Ireland.

CAP. XV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the laR session of parliament, intituled An act for preventing certain instru-meats from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the lubflefts of his Majesty*# dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

S3 Geo. 3. c. |9« recited; and further continued until June to, 17(4.

CAP. XVI.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Act Geo. u continued to Sept, r, 1784.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore. ——Same as left year*

CAP. XVIII.

An act for regulating, and rendering more effecttiat, the exaction of the statute-work within the fitire of Edinburgh; and for authoring the trustfeet for putting in execution several acts for repairing the nigh roods in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the credit of the tolls arising within the district of Lafwade, a further sum of money, to be applied for payment 6f certain sums borrowed on the personal^ fccu-rfty or the said trusteee; and for farther repairing the roads within the said district.

6g8

I

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 19—44. [1783.

CAP. XIX.

An act for settling the rates for the carriage of passengers and goods far hire to and frorh the iue of Wight.

t

Prices of carriage to be aftcfied by the quarter sessions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by distress and fate of goods, and in default one month’s imprisonment.^ Matters names. to be putopreP fels; and a table of rates affixed in the cabin, See. and also a descriptioa of houses, registered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting;!. Exception as to vessels carrying the mail, &c. unless engaged to cany passengers, See.at an earlier hour. Persons aggrieved may appeal to tfe quarter sessions. Matters of vessels to appoint and engage houses for lodging goods. Sec. To be registered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at such houses, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in such books to, Be appertained by quarter sessions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at registered houses. Inhabitants of the Isle of Wight competent witnesses. ' Convictions not to be quashed for Want of form. Form of conviction. Limitation of actions. Publick act.

CAP. XX.

An act for the appointment of an additional, for the better

government of the poor of the parish of Bradford, in the count] ofw»its.

CAP. XXI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an, pajfei in tit fourth year of the reign of his Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Skillingford, in the county of Oxford through IVallingford and Pangbortiey to Reading in the county of Berks; and for building a bridge over the river Tbmt) at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of aft mode in the third year of the reign of his present, An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repahr, the road from Kirk by Kendall, in the county of, to Ksrfy

Jreleth, in the county of Lancaj.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made tk fourth year of the reign of his present, for repairing and

, widening the road from Bramcotc Odd Housey in the county of Nottingham, to The Cross Pofi upon Smalley, in tht

county of Derby j and from to the towns of Hams

and Shipley, in the said county of Derby; end from > in

the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham;

: so far as relates to the road leading from Ilkefton to the town i Shipley.

17®3il Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25—29

CAP. XXV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads frpni

JLemsford Mill, through Welwyn and and by Cory's

Mill,to Hitchen, and from through Qodicot, j to

Mitchen, in the county of Hertfo.

CAP. XXVI.

An off for enlarging the term and powers of an passed in the fifth year of the reign of his pre for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Harmefs; and from the end of a lane leading out of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and, towards Abbott's Kerfwell,to. Five Danes \ and from Barn

to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham S^uay; and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Yown, all in the county of Dev.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the feconi year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Lostwithiel turnpike road, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Rudn Lanebome; and from Dennis JVqter to three hundred

yards on the south fide of Tretbi Mill in the parish of Saint just, in the said county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed In the Jecona year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Caftte at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Town's

find; and from or pear the guide pod at Town's End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile done in Welfori field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty

King George the Second, for repairing the high road from JdoToughbridge, in the county of fork, to Catherick, in the same county$ and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the river

r<«.

A*$

.Gg 3

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Ct 30^34* [1783#

CAP. XXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of on passed in the

second year of his present Majesty' reign, ?An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of $ window to the north end or fide of the town of Marlborough5 and from the fiud town of M^rlhoy^k

jtp the yillage of Zvtrley, in the county of ffilts,

i.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for continuing the termand altering and enlarging tU powers, of an act of the third year of the reign of his Majestyyfor repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of in the county of Devon. -

CAP. XXXII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and, peppers (f an off, quade in the fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty% intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from CoJham% in the county of Soto the city of £ty»

dhejltr.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for continuing the term and powers of an made in tU third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the fourteen mile fione, in the parish of AUthpej% to Tapem Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and beeping in fevered other roads

within the said county.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for continuing and amending an act of the fourth year his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads front Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in Doningtou; ind from the tenth mile fione in the parish of Gojbertawn, to the eighth ipile fione in the parUh of Wigtoft, in the county of Lincoln.

