THE

Statutes at Large

FROM THE

Thirty Second Year of King George II.

TO THE

First Year of King George III.

Inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES

during that Period.

VOL. XXIII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St.Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Thirty Second Year of King George II. to the First Year of King George III. inclusive.

Anno 33 Georgii II

Cap. 1. T70K granting an aid to X1 his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fixty.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty*s lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, or places, in that part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the execution of the aws relating to the militia, not-withftanding any fufpenfion of the . fame; and for other purposes relating to the said laws.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, irium, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fixty. Cap. 4. To continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran.

Cap. 5. To continue, for a limited time, the importation of falted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

Cap. 6. For punilhing mutiny and defertion j and for the better payment of the army and tlieir quarters.

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties ; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of ex* chequer bills* tickets, certificates* receipts, apnuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherWife deftroyed.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces whife on fhore.

Cap. 9. For preventing theexcefljve ufe of fpirituous liquors, by laying * additional duties thereon; tor (nor* tening the prohibition of making low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal, flour, and bran; for encouraging the exportation of Britijh made fpirits \ and for more effectually securing the duties payable upon fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to make leafes. and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame* and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 11. For taking down and removing the magazine for gunpow* der, and all buildings thereto belonging, fituate near Greenwich in the county of Kent; and eredling, inftead thereof, a new magazine for gunpowder at Purfleety near the . river of Thames* in the county of Essex; and applying a fum of money granted in this session of parliament towards thofcpurpofes; and for obviating <difiicuUies.arifcn upon at* a# made in the Jaft fcffi-on of parliament, for making com-penfation for lands and hereditaments purchased for his Majefly's Service at Pmfmeutk*C1wfbainy and Plymouth* *

Cap. 12. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one tbou-fand feyen hundred and fifty1 nine, to the-joint ftook of three per ten-turn annuities, consolidated by the a<fts df the twenty fifths twenty eighth* twenty ninth* and thirty fecortd years of his present Ma-jefty*$ reign, and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the finking fund; and for cancelling such lottery tickets as were 1 made forth in purfqance of an a<5t of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, and were not difpofcdof.

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for inroUment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of prottftant purchafers.

Cap. 14. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of commissioners or truftees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 15. For rendering the exportation of culm from the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke, ana the limits thereof, to the neighbouring counties, more eafy * to the proprietors and purchafers of the same; and for better securing the duties payable thereon.

Cap. 16. To continue (everal laws therein, mentioned relating to the clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs ; to prevent the clandeftine running of goods, and the danger of jnfc&ion there-by; to the granting liberty to early rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, dire&fy.to . any part of Europe,, fouthward of - Cape FiniJlerrCy in (hips built and navigated according to law; 19 fife free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted o-broad, and first compofed, written, and printed, in Great Britain* and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attomies or follicitors, and filing thereof.

Cap. 17. To continue an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement of the making of Sail chtb in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. For enabling his Majesty ; to rarfe the sum of one milfion for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain fuppfies grafted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 19. For the more effectual re-curing the payment of such prize and bounty monies , as were appropriated to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital* by an adt made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of ftamen* and the more fpoedy and ejfeftual manning his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 20. To enforce and render more effectual the laws relating to the qualification of members to lit in the house of commons.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, for the fervjce of the year one thousand seven hundr©4 and fixty.

Cap. 22. For limiting, confining, and better regulating, the payment of the weekly allowances made by aof parliament, for the maintenance

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

^rUenancc of families unableto ftjipoft themfelves during the ab-. fence of militia men, embodied and ^dWtored out into a&ual fcrvice; ViStd'for explaining so much of an “ id, rtiiwle in this session of parliament, intituled. An act for panijb-bf mutiny ttnd dcfertion, and for the "tetter payment of the army and their fuitrters, as relates to the militia When embodied and inadUal fer-titbj and1 for explaining and a-ttfendine certain parts of the laws now in Force, for the better order-3 fiig of the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England. C*p. 97. For enabling his Majesty torinfe a certain fum of money towards paying off and difeharging the debt of the navy; and towards navkl feraces, for the year one thqufend (even hundred and fixty.

For applying the money granted in this session of pariia-' ment, towards defraying the charge bay and doathing of the unem-bbdied militia, for one year, end-Jttg the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for explaining certain parts of the ads for the better ordering of the militia forces with-in that part of Great Britain called ^ Engfana, relating to the money to 7 be given to private militia men, upon their being ordered out into 'S&ual fervice; and to the doaths of private militia men; and to the time of the commencement of the piy of the embodied militia.

Cap. 25. For continuing certain laws relating to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs, and td the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs. 

Cap. 26. For reviving and continuing so much of an ad made in the twenty first year of his present Ma-jefty's reign, as relates to the more effedual trial and punifhment of high treafon, and mifprifion of high treafon, in the highlands of Scotland \ and also for continuing two other ads, one made in the nineteenth year, and the other made in the twenty first year, of 'his present Majesty's reign, fo far as they relate to the more effedual difarmins the highlands of Seat* 1 land* and for feOuring the peace thereof.

Cap. 27. To repeal so much of ait ad paffed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, concerning a free market for fifti at tVeflmn/ler, as requires fifbennen to enter their fiftfing vfeflels at the office of the fearcher of .the cuf-toras at Qrovtfend % and to regulate the feleof fi(h at the first hand in the fi(h markets in London and Wejhmnfter ; and to prevent fafef-s men of fifti buying fifti to fell again on their own account; and to allow bret and turbot, brill and pearl, although under the refpec-rive dimenfions mentioned in a formfer ad, to be imported and fold; and to punifti persons who (halt take or fell any fpawn, brood, or fry of fifti, unlizeable fi(h, or fifti out of feafon, or fmelts under thefiae of five inches; and for other purposes.

Cap. 28. For encouraging the exportation of rum ana fpirits of che growth, produce, and manufacture, of the Briti/h fugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of Briti/h fprrits made from melafles* 

Cap. 29. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify Juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have o-mirted to regiftcr or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 30. For widening certain streets, lanes, and passages within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the feme; and for other ptrrpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For regulating the proceedings in personal aftions in there-fp?ftive courts baron of the hundred of Hfgb Peak, and manor of Castleton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 32: For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the ifle of Eh, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MHienhall river fbuth,PA?»/ Load and Brandon river north, bounded on the weft by the river Oufe, and on the east by Winter Load, Earfwett Brooke, and the hard lands of MUdenball; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fdl certain fen lands lying within the* limits aforesaid, commonly called ittvejled Lands.

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effectual two acts passed in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 34. For making more effectual, and continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from the city of Gloucester, towards the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester in the said act mentioned.

Cap. 35. For erecting piers, and other works, for the security and improvement of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

Gap. 36. For repairing several roods leading to the town of Oakhampton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 37. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the fifth year of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the.coumy of Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

Cap. 38. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicesterr, to the pound in the parish of Brampton in the county of Huntingdon; and by one other act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said former act.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west end of the town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the road leading out of the last mentioned road, to the turnpike road near Rowesly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 40. For extending the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to the village of Foots-Cray, in the said county, to the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Maidstone.

Cap. 41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road from the borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and from Sawley Ferry in the said county, to a turnpike gate, at or near the end of Swarcliff Lane, leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

Cap. 42. For repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the parish of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell in the said county.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament of the eighth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, the ninth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the highways between the house commonly called The Horse-shoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to The Horse-Shoe House.

Cap. 44. For enlarging the term and powers contained in two several acts of parliament, made in the twelfth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of Hillmorton in the county of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's end, in the parish of Duston, in the county of Northampton; and for making the same acts more effectual.

Cap. 45. For extending and continuing the navigation of the river Wey, otherwise Wye, in the county of Surry, to the town of Godalming, in the said county.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to Woefulll Bridge, and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter; and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibstock to Measham, in the counties of Leicester and Derby.

Cap. 47. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

Cap, 48. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 49. To amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Chester, and for the more effectual preserving and improving the navigation of the said river.

Cap. 50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

Cap. 51. For repairing.and widening the road, from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch; and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, to Ivetsey Bank, in the county of Stafford; and from thence to Castle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the parish of Hampton on Arden, in the county of Warwick; and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham in the same county.

Cap. 52. For rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages, leading thereto, and for building another bridge, over some other part of the said river, within the said city, if necessary; and for opening proper ways and passages thereto.

Cap. 53. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended, within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Cap. 54. For raising money for finishing and compleating the repair of Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the houses and buildings, which straiten and obstruct the passage to and over the said bridge.

Cap. 55. For amending and widening the road, from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Worthy, in the county of York, where it joins to the turnpike road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

Cap. 56. For repairing and widening the roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the shire of Berwick, to Cornhill in the county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream.

Cap. 57. For the amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the thirty nine mile stone, in the upper end of Stone Street, in the town of Maidstone in the county of Kent, to a certain place called Tubb's Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the said county.

Cap. 58. For repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford, and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county.

Cap. 59. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall.

Private Acts.

r. An act for naturalizing Paul Am-finck the younger, and Hehcng Lewis Tonnies.

2.	An a St to enable the mod noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut or canal* from, or near. Worfiey Mill* over the river Irwell, to the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancajler, and to, or near, Longford Bridge, in the townfhip * of Stretford, in the said county.

3.	An act to enable?^ earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis efquire. and Robert Nugent efquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of offict as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymafter general of al)‘ his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify thetn-felves for the enjoyment of the laid offices.

4.	An act to enable the governors of the hofpital of KingJames, founded in Charter-houfi, to grant buildibg, or other leafes, of fome parts of the eftates of the said hofpital, lying in the parish of Saint James, Clertcn-well, and elfewhere, in the county of Middlesex, for such terms of years as are therein mentioned.

An a St for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parifh, townfhip, and liberties of Sulgrave^ in the county of Northampton.

6.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and wa(te grounds, in the pari(h of Maclworth, in the county of Derby.

7.	An act for dividing *nd inclofing

the



A.TAB,L,E;of the ST ATUTES.

tht^comxnon field, epnuopn paf, tores, common meadows, C901-moo grounds, and waftc grounds, in Marjlon Saint Laurence, in the county of Northampton.

8.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, in .the parish of Hobjy in the county (A Leice/her.

9.	An act for dividing and indofing the gomroon fields, within the parish of Lutcbam% alias Litcbani? in tile county of Norfolk, and for ex-traguttbing the rights of common oi: Package, in the (aid common

^fields, and certain other lands, in faid parifh, called Half year Wes.

10.	An act for dividing and indoiing : fhopen and common fields pf * Somtrbjy in the county of Leicefitr,

f apd all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

Ii< An act for dividing and inclo-t fingtbe common fields, common f poutures, common meadows, wafte grounds, and commonable lands, in'the parish of Barf or in the dninty of Warwick, n. An act for inclofing and dividing tfie moor, or common, called tiunwicP Edrty in the manor of Bcmdgatey and county of Durham.

13.	An act to diflolve the marriage df Epebperius Turner efquire, wkh Bfizapeih Lout fa, his now wife, and ,tQ enable him to marry again, aoa for other purposes therein mentioned.

14.	An act to diflolve the marriage o{.Mark GoodJUJh gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein

mentioned*

15* An act to enable James Hammet ,. efquire, and his iflue, to take and nib the furname of Hamlyn only, jfi., Aq ad to enable Henry Stoffoldy and Robert St off old, gentlemen, now called Henry Aufien, and Rob-

ert Aufien* ^nd their hfirs, to take and ufe the furname, and arms, of Aujieny inftead of their owp fur- . parne and arms, purfuant to the will of r Robert Aufien efquire, de-ceafed.

17. An act to qualify, and enable Sa-mud ffallef efquire, now called . Samuel farewell, and his heirs, to ufe and take, in exchange for his and their o,vn furname, the fur-name of farewell, purfuant to the will of Nathaniel Farewell efquire, deceafed.	„

18* An act to enable Thomas Lewis efquire, and his heirs male, to take, ufe, and bear the furname and arms of Lloyd, purfuant to the will of Richard Lloyd efquire, deceafed.

19.	An act for naturalising Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Chrifio-phtr Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel ATitZy Peter Aubertin, John JVilliam Smithy Gabriel Anthony Ernfiy Frederick Nicholas Graff Emanuel Philip Bizey and David ' Samuel Henry Duvelux.

20.	An act for naturalizing Marta Elizabeth Spencer, wife of Richard Spencer efquire.

21.	An act for repealing an ad of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand fix hundred and eighty one, intituled, Aft anent the falmond fitting in the water of Nyth.

22.	An act for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds in the manor and conftablery of Owfiony in the weft riding of the county of York.

23.	An act for inclofing divers parcels of Wafte grounds, or commons, in Longtony in the county of LancaJltTy and for enjoying part thereof as a (tinted pafture, until the inclofure of the same.

24.	An. ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common, or open piece of wafte ground, in the pa-

a 4	rifh



A TABLE of the STATUTES^

rHh or townfhip of Harlhill, with 'Woodhalh, in the county of fork*

25.: An act for dividing and inclo-fing several open fields, meadows, and comfnons, within the'lord*, (hip and liberty of Seagravo, in the county of Lehejtef. ;

%b. An act for the dividing and in-' clofing the open fields, meadow, ‘and common pafture grounds, and 'Wafte grounds, in the manor and pariftrof Hawkjworth, in the coun-

*	ty (^Nottingham.

27.	An act for dividing and inclo-fing the moors, commons, and

vwarfte grounds, in the manors of XJgghhamby and EJkdaleffde, in the parish (A Whitby, and county of York,

28.	A^ aft for dividing and allotting certain open arable fields,

*	meadow, and pafture grounds,

‘ and commons, in the townfhip of Hayton, in the county of Not-1 tingbam.

39.	An act for felling part of the fettled estate of Smart Letkieullier efquire, in the county of Effex, and . for laying out the money, arifing ' by such fale, in thfc purchafe of . other lands and tenements, to be fettled to the ufes of his marriage fcttlement.

30. An act for vefting the inheritance of certain eftates, in the county of Northampton, part of the entailed estate o$ John Freeman efquire, in him, in fee Ample, and for fettling other eftates in the •■counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lteu thereof.

3f. An act to enable John Coopey, doftdr of phyfick, and Humphrey Brent Coopey, his brother, and their iflue male rtfpeftivdy, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Brent, purfuant to the will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, efquire. .

32.	An act for naturalizing Rene Cor-nabe, and John Daniel Lucadou,

33.	An a(ft for dmdingoandcmdo«t •fing thd fevcral open andieqatmon fields, meadows, andcomraoht, •within the lordlhip <ori liberty oft Barrow upon Soar, in the xonoty "of Likijler, ■

34.	An act for dividing 2nd hvdafing certain open and common. fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor ocl fordfhip of Aduncke ire tbeStreet, in the county of York. .

354 An act for dividing and inclafing the common fields, common pa-ftures, common meadows, common grounds, aod wafte grounds, of, and in, the manor, hamlet, and liberties, of IVeJi Famdoti, in the parifti of Woodford, Other wife Halfe Woodford, in the county, of Northampton.

36.	An aftvfor dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pa-ftures, common meadows, cora~ mon grounds, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parish of Smttbam, in the county of Warwick.

37.	An act for the dividing and in-clofing the open and common fields, in the parish of Melton Mowbray, in the county of Lei-cefttr.

38.	An act for indofing and dividing the common fields, common meadows, and pafture grounds, within the parish of FoSefworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

39.	An act for dividing and indofing

the open and common iields of Broughton Sidney, in the county of Nottingham.	:

40.	An act for dividing and indofing the open fields of Csjhtk, other-wife Corttingjlock, in the county of Nottingham, and all the lands and grounds within the laid open fields.

41.	An act for dividing and indofing the open common, itt the townihip

- of Ardfley, and parish of Darfield, iq in the weft riding of the ppunty of York.

42.	An



AfmifiB of thc>;ST ATUTES.

4*oAn a£k fbedividibgxnd indofing ib optit ai^ cocnmon fields of ^i&Ksl/r^inJtbc qountyof Leitefttr. 45> An «St for dividingaod indofing imeral open* fields*. commons, or vraftes, and common: meadow ^gmostdsi iwitbin iho manor and rfbks ofo&tf/so, in the county.of

44* An. ad for the indofing and di-: aiding divers parcels of commons - and wafte grounds, lying, and he-sang in the fetferal townfbips of Waken. on the Hilly»and Fazaktr-

•	irjV in the parish of IVdtin on the ^MZ/ afordatd, and county palatine rtiiancafier*

45.	An act for indofing and dividing

•	the^cocmnon fields, common mea-^dows^hmmas grounds, and other common and wade lands, in the manor aud parish of Afpley Guife>

•	in the county of Bedford.

46.	An act for dividing and indofing r«ahe common fields, common mca-., 'dcxws, and other commonable lands

and grounds, in the parish of Odetington, in the cpunty of Not-tingbam.

47.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common pa-(lores, common meadows, and

. common grounds, in the parish of jBlahsfcy, in the county of Northampton, exclufive of the hamlet of Wood End, in the (aid parifh.

48.	An act for dividing and indofing certain lands, ip the parish of Clif-totty in the county of Nottingham.

49.	An adfor dividing and indofing the common fields, meadows, pa-Auces, and wafte grounds, in the

< parish of Frisky upon the Wreahy in thejcounty of Leicejltr.

50.	An ad tor dividing and allotting 't the common and wafte grounds,

open arable fidds, meadows, and ~ pafttpes, in the tawnfiiip and parilh' bf Miffitoy in the counties f£ Nottingham gnid Umoin% or Qne of thorn.

5iitAn act for dividing and indofing the open fidds and grounds, in the nlanorand parish of Fiettony in the .county of Huntingdon.

521. Am ad for veiling. the inheritance .of the redory and tithes of . Bedgeworthy granted, by King/ira-ry the Eighth, to the latediBolved , corporation of Bergavennyy and by then!leafed to Jefus CoUegty in Qx-fordy towards maintaining a feUow and fcbolars, from Strgavenny Schooly and for veiling other redo-ties, and tithes, in the , county of ! of AAmmoutb%. granted, by the said 1 Kit)g Htnryi to the foid^orpom-tior>, in truflees, for fupporfing the (aid fchool, and for relief of the poor of the laid town.

53.	An act for veftmg certain eftates, in Penfilvania^ New Jerfeyy and Marylandy belonging to the proprietors of a partnerihip, commonly called. The Penfilvania Land Company in London, in truftees, to be fold, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

54.	An act to impower the mod noble WiUiamy duke of D*ven/bire> to make legfes, for any term not exceeding ninety nine years, of certain eftates, lying in the parish of Saint JameSy IVejfrninJlery in the county of MiddlrfeXy devifed to him by the will of the right honourable Dorothjy countefs of Bur-lingtony deceased.

55.	An act to enable John carl of . Hopetouny curator of Jaw to George

Vanden Bempdty marquis of Annan-dale, his uncle, a lunatick, and the curator of law of the said marquis for the time being, to grant feus of certain lands, houfes, and others, in the county of Dum/rieSy and to exchange the lands therein mentioned.

56* An act for veiling several lands and tenements* in the parish of , Chiflehurjly in the county of Krnty given to charitable ufes, for {he

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

benefit of the laid with, in the right honourable Robert Bertie, efquire, commonly called lord Robert Bertie, and his heirs, and for making provifion of greater value, inftead thereof, for the benefit of the poor of the said parUh, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57* An act to impower John Spencer, efquire, to make Jeafes of the ma-

■ nor of Wimbledon, and of lands and grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, Raft Sheen, Putney, and Wandfwortb, in the county of Surrey, given and devifed by, and purchafcd in purfuance of, the will of the molt noble Sarah, late duchefs dowager of Marlborough, refpeftively, in order for building upon, and improving, the fame.

58.	An a ft for fale of part of the fettled estate of Sir Matthew Fe-therflon baronet, in the county of Ejfexj and for laying out the money, arifing by such fale, in the the purchaTe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

59.	An act to enable George Keith, late earl marifchall, to fue, or maintain, any aftion or fuit, not-withftanding his attainder, and to remove any difability in him by reafon of his faid attainder, to take, or inherit, any real or personal efhte, that may, or shall hereafter, defeend or come to him, or

i which he was intitled unto, in reverfion, or remainder, before his attainder.

60.	An act for veiling certain tenements and hereditaments, in the county, of Suffix, fettled by John Meres Fagge efquire, upon the marriage of Elizabeth* his daughter, with Sir John Peachy, baronet, in tfuftees, to convey the fame to Sir William Peere Williams baronet, and for fettling lands and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, of greater value, in lieu thereof. .

6An act for fide of part of tb4entailed eftale of the late Fronds Charteris efquire, and for purcba-fing of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufe*.

ба.	An act for fale of the real estate of Thomas Beynon efquire, a luna-tie, fo** difeharging the incumbrances affefting the fame, and for laying out the refidue of the money, arifing by such fale, in the pureba/e of other lands and hereditaments, for the benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and bis heirs.

63.	An act for exchanging , certain mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in thejparifhes of Backing-ham and Lewtjbam, in the county of Kent, part of the estate late of Hugh Raymond efquire, deceafed, for other lands and hereditaments, in the said parish of Beckingbam, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for fettling the lands, ib taken in exchange, to the fame ufes, as the lands given in exchange ftand limited, and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell efquires, to grant building leafes of other parts of the eftate, late of the said Hugh Raymond.

64.	An act for felling certain manors, capital mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Hertford, comprifed in a fettle-ment made by William Strode efquire, deceafed, and for purcha-fing, with the money arifing by such fale* other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

65.	An act for fettling the real estate of JamesfTbomas efquire, deceafed,

urfuant to an agreement between^ is heir at law and devifec, for that purpofe.

бб.	An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, at Wejlminfter, and their fucceffors, to make and grant

unto

A TABLE tf the STATUTES.

Sritb Jibes'JMalhrs, a‘lealfc or k Nates, of certain piec& of ground, 'cmftfaagiest tenements, and here-" ditamentS, corhprized within certain limits^ for a longer term of ' Vear^ than they are at prefeht enabled to'^rant.

67I1 Att aft to impowef John Wally " the grandfather, and Mary Wally ■( the guardian, of Anna Marla Wally - in infant, to execute articles, ‘ leafes, or grants, for giving liberty to drive a Tough through an cftate, called Cowley EJlate; in the pariflies v of barley and Toulgreave, in the ebtinty of Derby, descended to, and

*	how vefted in, the said Anna Ma-ViHaWall.

68* An act to enable William Ruffel

*	'L efouire, and his i(Tue, to take and

ole the furname of Kempe only,

*	purfuant to the will of William Kempe efquire, deceafed.

Anno 1 Georgii III.

Cap. x. For the fupport of his Majesty's houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised In Ghat Britainy for the service of the year one thousand seven hun-dreu and sixty one.

Cap, 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 4. To continue for a limited time the importation of falted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

Cap. 5. To enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea Company.

Cap. 6. For punilhing mutiny and defcrtion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon ftrong beer and ale \ gna for railing the Turn of twelve millions, by way of Annuities and a lottery, to be chatted on the said duty \ and for further encouraging the exportation ' of ftrong beer and ale.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Ma-jeftjPs marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 9. To continue an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his fate majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majeffs fugar colonies in America.

Cap. 10. For extending an aft, intituled, An act to di/continufy for a limited time, tie duties payable on tallow imported ftom Ireland, td hogs-lard and greafe.

Cap. 11. To enable his Majesty to make leafes, and copies of offices*' lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall or an-< nexed to the fame; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. To indemnify perfonswho have omitted to qualify themfeives for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of thd militia^ and others, who have omitted to regifter or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 13. To amend an act palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of juftices of the peace ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. To extend the provlfions relating to the holding of courts-martial, and to the puniftmient of offences committed in the Eajl Jndiesy contained in the aft made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled. An act for punijhing mutiny and deferlion of officers and foldiers in the service of the united company of merchants


A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' ef England ifaiing to the Eaft Indies, and for the pumfhment of of -. fences committed in the Eaft Indies, or at the if and of Saint Helena, to the said company's fettlement of Fort Marlborough, and to* such pther principal fettlements, wherein the said company may be hereafter impowered to hold courts of judicature.

Cap-15. To enable his Majesty to . grant unto George Keith, late earl

*	Marifchall, a fum therein limited, out of the principal money and in-tereft now remaining due to the

\ public on account of the purchafe money of certain parts of thefor-feited eftates of the said late earl. Cap. 16. To continue the duties for r encouragement of the coinage of 'I money. t

Cap. 17. For relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 18 . For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the ' finking fund, and for applying cer-; tain monies remaining in the ex-, cheque^ for the fervicc of the year 0ne thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 19. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned ; and for further appropriating the fopplies granted in this fefllon of parliament; and for exempting . any annuities or fums of money : granted or to be granted to the rpya} family, from payment of ; taxes." -

Cap. 20. For enabling hiS Majesty to ' raise a certain fum of money towards paying off and di charging the debts of the navy, and towards

*	naval Services, for the jear one tho^and seven hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contrails of clerks to attornies or follicitors, $nd filing thereof.

Cap. 21. For the better prefervfctlon of the game in that part of Groat Britain called Scotland-, andtfor repealing part of an a& pafledih the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for the better ppc-fervation of the game in that part Of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 22. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the ckmthing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Martha one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 23. For rendering more effectual the provifions in an a<$fc made in the twelfth and thirteenth vears of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, (intituled, An act for the further limitation rf the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the fubjeft) relating to the commiffions and friaries of judges.

Cap. 24. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towqs of Weymouth and Mel-combe Regis, and Dorcbejlir\ in the county of Dorjet.

Cap. 25. For repairing and widening the road from the east end of JVefl Taphoufe Lane, to the borough of Lifkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row Houfe; and also the road fronv the said borough of Lifkeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Paffage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole afor6faid, to Saikt German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and DeVort. '

Cap. 26. For making, widening; and repairing, a road from the north east fide of the Gcfivell Street road, next Ifingtdn, in the covinty of Afiddlefex, and near to the road called the New ^joad> over{lie folds

A TABLE pf th* STATUTES,,

and grands to 014 Street Road, Cap. 33. To amend, and gender more . oppose to th tDoghouftr bar \ and at effectual an	pa (Ted in the thirty

^and from the Doghoufe-bary to the {irft year of the reign of his late end of Cbifwell Street, by the Ar- t tn^jefty King George ^he Second, tillery, Ground.	intituled. An aft fa repairing the

Cap* 27.Foe repairing and widening , road from Leeds to Sheffield* in the the road leading from the eaftern county of York., . - \ eod of the borough of Grampoufid, Cap. 34. For repair^and widening in the county of Cornwall, through	the road from Trailers Reft, in

the towns of Stint Auftell and Lojl-	the parifti of AJhburton, to.ijfewfon

witbiel, and from thence to the eaft	Bq/bel, and frpot thence to Fortbn

end of the WeJlernTaphoufe Lane,	other wife Forgers Croft, in the pain the said county.	ri(h of Higbweek,	in	the county of

Cap. 28. For enlightening the (treats	Devon.	}	v

within the city of Exeter, and fu- Cap. 35. For amending, the j;pad , barbs thereof.	from Sacred Gate, in the parish of

Cap. 29. For repairing and widening	Thorngumbald, to Pattringm Creek,

{he roads from Dyed War, to So- or Haven; and from, the Guide Rojt merton-, and from Gawbridge, to . in Wuiejlead, to Froimgham G#tef Tintinlmll Fordt \ and from a ftream	in or near widow Braxton's farm,

of water called Ford, to Cartgate, in	in the county of Yorkaqd for

. Martcek, in the county of Somerfet.	fcouringand cleaqfiqgthe said cree£

Capi 30. For continuing and amend-	or haven.	f

ing an ait made in the sixteenth Cap 36. For difcpqtinuing the ufe of . year of his late Majesty's reign, for	a road, in tb©< parifti, of Great

repairing she highways from the	Packington, in the county of War-

city of Gloucester, to the top of	wick; and for preventing the, truf-

R&dtip Hill; and from the foot of	tee?* appointed to.put iq execution

the (aid hill, to the top of CrUkley	an act passed in the thirty third

H$.	year of his late Majesty's reign^for

Cap.. 31. To explain and . amend fo	repairing the road fipmStoneBri/lge

much of an act passed in the thirty	to Cajlle Bromwichr£\roip erefting a

feoond year of the reign of his late	gate or turnpike^ between Sfone

Majefty intituled. An all to explain,	Bridge and. the plaqe where the

amend, and render more effectual, ,the	road turns off tof QoUJbUl in. the

fowers granted by feveratalls of par-	county of Warwick.

Lament fir repairing several roads Cap. 77. For amending, widening, leading to the city of Bath; and for	and keeping io repair,! the. rpad

omening several other roads near the	leading from Fijhert^n Bridge, to

ftid-cUy\ as directs the laying out	the turnpike road# at Willoughby

a new road from the Bridge it Bath	Hedge in Wejl Knoyle,. and noijn

to Rafh Hill.	Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road

Cap. 32. For amending and widen-	at the weft end of Heytejbury j,£nd

ing the road leading from the town	alfo the road frw the turnpike

of Falmouth, in the county of Corn-	road at the top of Red Hone, fifill,

wall, through the towns of Penryn,	in the parift) of XJrJhfn\t, to. the

Heijlon, and Marazion, and from	mile-ftone at the weftern endo(FiJh-

thence to and over Marazion river	: ertett Street, in the county of Wilts.

and bridge* and two hundred feet Cap. 38. For repairing the, parifti to the weftward of the said river church of	covuity	of

-and bridge.	Surrey.	,	„

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 39. For amending and ‘widwi-ing the road from the town of Stone to Wordfey Green Gate $ and from the weft end of Bilflon Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street oppofite the Old Bujh in Dudley ; and from a place called Burnt Tree, heit Dudley, to Birmingham ; and from the market Crofs in Wolverhampton,^ Cannock, in thecoun-ties of Stafford, Wortejier, and War-wick.

Cap. 40. For rendering more effectual several afts patted in the tenth year 6f herlatc majesty Queen Anne, in the eleventh year bfnis late maje-fly King George the First, and in the eleventh year of his late lhaje-tty KingG^r^ the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the road from Dartford to NorthJIeet and Gravefend, and from Gravefend to Chalk, and from NorthJIeet to Chalk, and from thence to thfe ftones end near the parifli church of Strood, in the count of Kent.

Cap. 41. For amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of Tori, to Staindrop, in the county Of Durham; and from the said turnpike road, near Smalhvdys, acrofs the river Tees, to JVinfton, in the said county of Durham ; and for building a bridge over the said river at or near Winjlon ford.

Cap. 42. For repairing and amending the road leading from Whitecrojs, in the parifo of Leven in 'Holder-nefs, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the road from the borougli of Appleby, in the county of Wejlmorland, through the tOWnlhip of Orton, to Kirby Kendall \ and from Orton, to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the town of Kirby Steven, to tlie tQWrv of Market Brough, in the said county.

Cap. 44. For continuing so much of an act patted in the thirteenth ar of King George the Second, intituled, An dft for waking more effectual two a fit of parliament faffed in the Jeventh ana tenth years of her late mojejly £)ueen Anne, for preferring

• and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the said harbour and town ^Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging or the said harbour.

'	Private ASs.

1.	An act for naturalizing Jbht Dp-lignon, Peter YheUaJpn, Peter Any thony Blanche, and Chrijlian Popped

2.	An act for naturalizing RofeMarie Heath, wife of Benjamin Hiath dquire.

3.	An act to enable Charles Molloy an infant lately called Charles Cook/)' and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Molloy, purfuant to the will of Sir Charles Molloy knight, deceafed.

4.	An act for the dividing ahd iii-dofing the open arable lands, and the open, meadow, pafture, and wafte grounds, in tne pariifti of Rearjby, in the county of Lcicefer•

5.	An act for dividing and incloling the common fields, common or wafte ground, and other commonable places, in the parish of Hinton, other wife Hintoti \ValftJh, in the county of Berks.

6.	An act for dividing and iriclofing the open and common fields of As-fordby, in the county of Leicefer.

7.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain common fields, and common meadows, and a common hill called SnowJbiU HiU, lying within the

A TABLE of the STATUTES/

the manor of Snowfall, in the county 6fGloucejUr.

$.An a d for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, com* mon meadows, common pafturcs, common grounds, and common-ablel^ands, within the parifh, town-ihip, arid liberties, of Merton Pink-ntjy in the county of Nortbamp-ton.

9.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, commons, and wade grounds, lying in the parish and within the precinds of the manor of Langton Herring, in the county of Dorfet.

10.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common pa-fiures, common meadows, common grounds, grange lands, and walte grounds, of, and in, the manor and parish of Eydon, in the county of Northampton*

xi. An act for the dividing and indofing the open and common fields, in the hamlet of Pailton, in the parish of Monks Kirby, in the county of Warwick.

12. An alt for veiling part of the fettled efiates of the right honourable William earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine countefs of Dartmouth 9h\s wife, in the city of London, and county of Middlesex, in truftees, to be told, and for laying out the money to arife thereby in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes, as the said fettled efiates now (land limited.

13.. An act for vetting part of the fettled estate of William Thornton efquire, in the county of York, in him, in fee fimple, difeharged of the ufes of his marris^e fettlement; and for fettling other lands, of greater value, to tlve fame ufes. ia. An act to enable Capel Hanbury efquire, and George Hanbury efquire, for jhemfdves.and their refpedive ifluc male* to .make an exchange of

V • . t	< *'	‘	*

their fettled ettates, in the county of Monmouth, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

15.	An act for rendering effedual an agreement, for making a partition ot several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Leicefler, late the eftates of James Sberard dodor of phyfick, and Robert Freeman gentleman deccafed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16.	An act for enabling the ading truftees, and executors of William Lemon efquire deceafed, to make leafes, for lives, or years determinable on deaths, of the cftates,inthe county of Cornwall, deviled by his will, or purchased in purfuance thereof, refpedively, during the minority of his grandfons, and nephews, inti tied to the Tame, for the time being, and for enabling the said grandfons,and nephews, when of age, and the said truftees, during their infancy, refpedively, to make, and grant, fetts and leafes of mines, according to the cuftom of the, country.

17.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing an exchange of lands, agreed to be made, between Charles Tudway efquire, and the archdeacon of Wells, in the, county of Somerjet.

18.	An act to enable the redor of the parifh, and parish church, of Saint Mary Newington Butts* in thecoun-ty of Surrey, and his fucceflors, to grant a Jeafe or leafes, of certain glebe lands, belonging to the said redory.

19.	An act for naturalising Frederick Rafch, and John Roger Siebel.

20.	An ad for. naturalizing Jan Tur^' ner, and Augujl Gotlieb PiefeheU .

21.	An act for naturalizing Con flan• tia Hampdeny Wite of Robert Hampden* efquire.

22.	Ad for naturalizing Benjamin Maifinncwx.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

23.	An act for naturalizing Nicholas Thtaud.'

24.	An act for naturalizing Simon Baratty.

25.	An act for naturalizing Anthony VilHon.

26.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields; common pa-ftures, common meadows, common grounds, wade grounds, and commonable lands, in the manor and parish of TVappenham, in the county of Northampton, exclufive of the hamlet of AJlwell and Paul-cut, in the said parifh.

27.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, paftures* meadows, and other grounds, within the parish 6f Exhall, in the county ot the city Coventry.

28.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pa-ftures, wade grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Ryton, other wife Ruyton upon Dimf-mn% in the county of Warwick.

29.	An act for dividing and inclofing an open common, within the manor and parish of Morrejby, in the county of Cumberland.

30.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte ground, within JVar ding-ton IVilliamfcott, other wife lfillfcots and Colony otherwise Cotes, in the county of Oxford..

31.	An act for confirming and eiia-blifhing articles of agreement, for dividing and inclofing feverai commons, common heaths, and wafte grounds, in the adjoining manors of Eajl Lulwortb, and Combe Keynes y in the county of Dorfet.

32.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common grounds, called Norham Infields^ and the common or wafte,called Norham Moor, within the townfhipof Norham> in the county of Durham.

33.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields: of Arifly, in the county of Leicefler.. J

34.	An act for dividing andindofing the open andcommon fields <of Ab-kettleby, in,the county ofZ^i/g&r, and all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

35.	An act for dividing and.inclofing certain open and common fields, in the parish of Fringfordy other* wife Ferringfordy in the county of Oxford.

36.	An act for dividing, inclofiag,

and allotting, the moors, conn mons, and wafte grounds, called Pool Common, in the manors of Lan± verchidoly and Stret Marcel\ other-wife Street Mar flail, in the parifhes of Pool and Guihfieldyxn the county of Montgomery.	.	r

37.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing articles of agreement,'ibr dividing and inclofing certain open f and common fields, in Burton Pid- - feay in Holdernefs, in the county of York.

38.	An act for confirming articles* of agreement, for inclofing common or wafte ground, within the manor or lordfhjp.of Heflingtony in the county of York.

39.	An act to enable John earl of Sandwich, IVelbore Ellis efquire, and Robert Nugent efquire, to take, in Great Britain the oath of office^ as vice treasurer and receiver general, and paymafter general of all his Majesty's revenues, in the kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office as cuftomer and colleftor of the ports of Dubliny Skerrys, Malahide, and Wicklowy in the said kingdom ; and to enable Richard Rigby cfqukc, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as keeper and mafter of the rolls of the court of Chancery, in the said kingdom, and clerk, keepeF, or mafter of the rails,

books.

A TABLE of th

books, writs and records, of the laid court; and to qualify them-fclves tor the enjoyment of thr (hid refpedive offices.

40.	An act for vefting part of A# fettled estate of Frederick vifcount Belingbroie, in the county of Kent, in truflces, to be fold, and. for. fcttlingaa eftate, in the county of Surrey ,of greater value, in lieu thereof, ana for empowering him to fell other pert of thte faid Kentijh efface, for the putpofcs dieteut mentioned.

41.	An act for felling divers lands

sum! hereditaments,in	Middlsfex, Surrey, BerkAire, and Ner~-

tbamptmflnre, devifed by the wills of Bevihdmew Cknie and Hitch, Yewrge enquires, i and for laying out the money, arifing by such in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu themcf, to db* ofto of thefaidwills '•efaeJKMlf

4a. An ad far veiling the plantation and estate of JeJm Walter eiquire, ted finotm hie wife (late Neiyton Wufktr fpinfter) in the illand of Jforhadm, intcuftees, fot raifmg money to be applied in putchafing of flock, and for other purpofesfor the improvement of the same plantation and eftate..

4J. An act for felling divers lands and hereditaments, in the city of

Sand, ip the counties of x, Kent, Buckingham, and , devifed by the will of Sir “ ivniiam Dcdtucli knight* descaled.

Vol. XXHL	b

i	STATUTES.'

apd purchased in purfuance thereof refpedively ; and for laying out the money ariftng by such file, id purchasing other lands and hereditaments, m or near the county of (rloucejler, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, tathe dies of the said will.

44.	An. ad fo* vefting the fettled fe-fate of John William efqnirey fa the county of EJJ'ex, in tnifttes, bo be fold forralfing money to dif-charge incumbrances, 'and laying out file far pi us in the porehde of laud* and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes limited of the said fettled efofe.

45.	An act for felling a mefiuago and

lands, in	Whaddon, iu the county

of	Bucks, Tettled by the late Breton

Willis efquire, on the marriage of h« fan; and tovpurchafing another dtata in lt«u thereof, to be fettled to the fame tafia.

46.	An act for vefting and fettfihg the real and pecfanal eflate of John Morfej late citizen and goldfmUH of London, deceafed, for the benefit of the several persons unified under his will; and for the better anfwering and effeding the intents and purposes of the same will.

47.	An ad far divefting, out of the

crown, the remainder in fee of fe-verallands in Ireland,hte file eflate of Martin Dillon efquire; and, for vefting the fame in	-

lode, of the city of Dublin efquire, and his heirs, in truft for Henry MiuheL, qf the said city of Dublin eiquire, bis heirs and affigns.

A TABLE of all the STATUTES, contained in the APPENDIX.

Anno 2 Hen. 5.

DE unione jurium & poffeffio-num comitatus Hereford Du-catui Lane. Pea.

Anno 1 Ed. 4.

Conviccio quondam d'nor9 et alior' audoritate parliaments De Lon-eaftF duche,

s	Anno	1 Hen. 7.

Adus conccrnens Annex* Ducat* Lane Cornub* et al\	1

Anno 4 Hen. 7.

The Penalty for decaying of houses of hulbandry, or not laying of convenient land for the maintenance of the same.

Anno 31 Hen. 8.

Cap. 14.''An Ad for abolilhing of diverfitie of opinions' in certaine articles concerning chriftian Religion.

Anno 32 Hen. 8.

Cap. 24. An Ad concerning the lands and goods of the hofpitals of S. Johns of Jerufalem, in England and Ireland, to be heereafter in the Kings hands and difpofition.

' Anuo 1 Ed. 6.

Cap. 3. An Ad for the puniftnng of Vagabonds, and for the reliefe of the poore and impotent perfons.

Anno 3	4	Ed. 6.

Cap. 16. An Ad touching the pu-niftiment of Vagabonds and other idle Perfons.

Anno 13 Eliz.

Cap. 18. An Ad for the bringing of the River of Lee to the north fide of the citie of London.

Anno 39 Eliz.

Cap. 3. An Ad for the reliefe of Ac poore.

Cap. 4. An Ad for punishment of rogues, vagabonds, and fturdie beggers.

Anno 13 Car. 2 St: 1.

An Ad for afeertayning and eftabliih* ing the fees of the matters of the chancery in ordinary.

Amo 4 Gul. tsf Mar.

Cap. 1. An act for granting to their Majefties an aid of four (hillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on a vigorous war againft France.

Anno 6 Gul. tsf Mar.

Cap. An Ad for granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon marriages, births, and burials, and upon batchelors and widowers, for the term of five years, for carrying on the war againft France with Vigour.

The End of the TABLE.

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGIIII.	Magnce

Britannia, Francice> &	-

Jimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and bolden Weft-minfter, the thirty Jirfi day of May, Anno Domini one tboufand seven hundred and fifty ,

in the twenty	feventh year of the reign of our fovereign Lord GEORGE the	by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by	feveral prorogations to	the thirteenth

day of November, one tboufand hundred and fifty nine, being the seventh fejfion of this	-

liament.

CAP. I.

An aSt for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, tor the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fixty. 4/. in the found\

CAP. II.

An act to enable his Majesty's lieutenants of the several counties , ridings■, or places, in that part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the execution of the laws relating to the militia, notwitbftanding any fufpenfton of the same \ and for other purposes relating to the said laws.

WHEREAS several of his Majesty's lieutenants of several Preamble, counties, ridings, or places, within that part of Great Britain called England, in pursuance of the power vefted in them by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Maje-fty, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an act made in the then loft feftion of parliament, for the better ordering the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, have fufpendedall farther proceedings in the execution of the said acts, until the next year; and others of the said lieutenants, until March and April, one thousand seven hundred and fixty} fo that no proceedings can be had till the Vol. XXIII.	B	faid

t	Anno	triccfimo tcrtio Georgii II. c. 2:	[1760.

faid limited times are expired: and whereas the Jpeedy carrying into execution the several provijions made by lawy for the better ordering the militia forces of that part of Great Britain called England* is mofi ejfentially nece£aryy at this juncture, to the peace and security of tens kingdom: therefore be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords tybere a fuffi- fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembled, cient number That from and after the paffing of this aft, his Majesty's lieu-of qualified tenant of any county, riding, or place, where a fufficient num-En toac«*t ^>cr 0^P°rfons have not ^ecn qualified and willing to ac-commiffions^ cept commiffions of field officers and captains refpeftively, as have not been were equal to the number requifite for any one battalion of ths found within militia within such county, riding, or place, (hall, and they are any county, hereby required, within one month after the paffing of this aft* the lieutenant t0 fummon a meeting, at fome certain place within such county, is to fummon riding, or place, of all persons qualified and willing to ferve as a meeting, officers in the militia of such county, riding, or place, in order V,t^th°fter cvcry Perf°n qualified, ana willing to accept any such mffing of this commiffion, may, at such meeting deliver his name in writing, aft, of all per- or caufe it to be delivered to his Majesty's faid lieutenant, or, in fons qualified cafe of his abfence, to such person as shall be authorized by such and willing to hcutenant to receive the fame, fpecifying also the rank in which cew^toddU he is willing to ferve; and his Majesty's faid lieutenant (halt ver in their proceed thereupon, and also in the further execution of the names; provifions of the said acts, in like manner, and to all intents and is to pro- an<j pUrp0fcs (except as is herein after excepted) as if such pro-further execu-cec<**n?8 had not been fufpended as aforesaid, and as he and they tionof the refpeftively ought to have done, in cafe a fufficient number or laws relating persons fo qualified and willing to ferve aforesaid had been found to the militia, jn the ycar onc thousand seven hundred and fifty eight: and in been no fuf- cvcrY county, riding, or place, where a fufficient number of penfion there- officers shall not be found at the first meeting held in purfuance of 5	of this aft, the lieutenants of such county, riding, or place,

f™*	^ummon	2 meeting within such county, riding, or place,

puroofes^re ^or *he fame purpofe, once in every fucceeding month, until a tobefummon- fufficient number of officers qualified and willing to ferve as shed monthly, forefaid, have been found ; or until the expiration of the aft for till a fufficient the better ordering the militia forces in that part of Great Bri~

x&r* «*> «»«i

felves, or until the expiration of the militia laws.

The like me	And	be it further enafted, That the like method shall be

thod wbeman. annually obferved during the continuance of the said acts, for nually obferv. carrying the fame into execution, as is direfted in and by the ed for carry- foid aft of the thirty first year of his present Majesty's reign to t.hc be obferved in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty cution^if6*	fave	anc* except. That the first general meeting of the

direfted by lieutenant and deputy lieutenants thereby direfted to be held on aft 31 Geo.*, the third Tuefday in Augujl, ftiall,from and after the twenty fifth to be obferved jay 0f £)ecmbery one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be 175*!	annually held on the second Tuefday in January.

except," That the first general meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants shall be mially held on the ad Tuefday in January.

1	III.	And



iy6o.] Anno tricelimo tertio GEORGIIII. C. 3, 4,5.	3

in. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no- 6f^frn?licc ticc of the time and place of ajl such meetings shall be given by mutinies to be the lieutenant of every such county, riding, or place, in the advertized in London Gazette, and also in fome one or more of the weekly the London papers (if any such there be) ufually circulated within such Gazette, and county, riding, or place, at lead fix days before the day ap- y *** * pointed for such meeting.	™

CAP. III.

Ad aft for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thoulaqd seven hundred ana (ixty.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malty or any other fort of grain, or from mealy floury or bran*

WHEREAS the prohibition of the making of low wines and Preamble# fpirits from wheat, barley y malty or any other fort of grainy or from mealy floury or brany is near expiring, and it is expedient the fiunejbould be continued; be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefen t parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That an act made in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, Aft 30 Geo.*i An act to prohibit, for a limited timey the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malty or any other fort of grainy or from any meal or floury which by several fubfequent afts was continued until the twenty fourth day of Decembsry one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine ; and also so much of an act made in and aft 3a the lad feifion of parliament, intituled, An act to continuey for a Geo. 1, further timey the prohibition of the exportation of corny malty mealy floury bready bifeuity and flarch; and also to continue, for a further timey the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley y malty or any other fort of grainy or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited timey the making of low wines and fpirits from brany as prohibits the making of low wines and fpirits from bran ; which was to continue until the twenty fourth day further conti-of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall oued to 14 be, and the fame are hereby continued from the expiration there- thecon-i of, until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven Nation hundred and sixty ; unlcfs such continuation of the said acts, or thereof be of any parts thereof, shall be abridged or (hortened by any other Shortened by aft to be made in this present session of parliament.	of thU^ellio^

CAP. V*

An act to continuey for a limited timCy the importation of falted beefy porky and buttery from Ireland.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of falted beefy preamble# porky and buttery from Ireland into this kingdom, hath been feund ufeful and benefleiedy and that the time allowed for that pur-

$2	pofo



4	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Georgii II. c. 6,7.'	{1760.

pofe is near expiring,, and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be pro-longed; may it therefore pleafe your trioft excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted ; and be it eriafted by the King's mod excellent tnaiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Aft 31 Geo.i. aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That an act made further cond- in the last session of parliament, intituled. An a& to continue* far

Dee* t7*o* a	an	ma^e m f^e feJflon of parliament, intituled*

. 17*0^ An t0 pcrm;t thc importation of felted beef, pork, and butter, frdm Irelandr, for a limited time, and to amend the faii aft* which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fixty.

CAP. VI.

An act for puniihing mutiny and defertion j and for the better payment 1 of the army and their quarters*

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majeity several duties upon malt 5 and for raffing the fam of" eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties j and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining «of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt j and for making forth duplicates ot exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

Preamble. The following duties to take place from and after 8 Feb. next, via. Malt made in England to pay 3d. per bufhel, over and above all other duties payable thereon. Malt made in Scotland, and also malt brought from Scotland into England, to pay id. sq. per bufhel, over and above all other duties payable thereon. The duties to be afcertained, paid, See. in all refpefts, where not otherwise provided for, as irenafted with refpc& to malt tax. See. of this present feflion. Malt in hand on 8 February 1760, whether ground or unground, to pay 3d. per bufhel in England; and 1 cf. *q. in Scotland $ to be paid by the pofleflors, over and above all other duties payable thereon. The duties upon flock in hand on 8 February ty^o, to be under the receipt and management of the commilEoners and offices* of excife. Commifhoners impowered to appoint proper officers for tfre pur pofe. Account of flock in hand to be returned by the proprietor* “to the next office of excife, on 8 February, or within 10 days after, on penalty of 501. and forfeiture of the malt unretumedi Duties to be paid within a month after, on forfeiture of double the fum. Officers of excife * to take an account of the said flock in hand, and free accefs and entrance, &c. to be allowed them for that purpofe, on penalty of sol. Penalty of clandeftinely removing or concealing flock in hand, before duty paid, *ol. j and the malt fo removed or concealed5 and the perfoa, in whofe cuftody the fame shall be found, not giving due notice before the difeovery, to forfeit also los. per bufhel. The powers, &c. in aft 12 Car. 2. and other laws relating to the excife, extended to the duties on flock in hand on 8 February 1760. Exception. Penalties, in relation to the duties on ftock in hand, to be recovered or mitigated as is preferibed with refpeft to other duties of excife; and to go, one moiety to the crown, and the other to the informer or profecutor. Like drawback and allowance to be made of the duties paid for flock in hand on 8 February, in cafe any part of the same lhall happen to be deftroyed or damaged, as is authorised to be made in the like cafes by aft 9 Geo. 1. Gauge of the bufhel, for meafuring ftock in hand, to be the fame as is appointed by aft 12 Anns. Malt brought from Scotland into England, after 8 February 1760. tarbe entered with the j proper officers, in like manner, and under the like penalties, as is pre-

fenbed

i7 6o.J Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7.'

fcribed by the malt aft of this feffion, and to pay 3 d. per buihe), unlefs a certificate be produced of its having paid id. 2a. duty in Scotland, in which cafe to pay only id. iq. per bufhel. No allowances, abatements, or additions, to bt made to mallters, &c. in refpeft of the duties granted bjr this aft, other than such as are allowed in the like cafes by the malt aa of this feffion. On demanding the bounties upon exportation, the duties to be dedufted out of the valuation of the malt j and the bounty to be paid under the regulations, &c. prefcribed by the malt aft of this feffion. Malt contrafted to be fold before 8 Feb. but not delivered, tfie buyer to pay the duty. Malt made and entered for exportation only, according to the regulations prefcribed by aft 12 Geo. 1. &c. exempted from the duty payable by this aft ; but no drawback of the duties of this aft to be allowed on the exportation. Where rents are payable in malt, or according to the price thereof, the tenant may deduft the duty. Malt in hand fub-jeft to duties in arrear, and penalties incurred. No part of thefe duties are liable, during the payment of any other malt duties, to any charges of, collection or management, or to oe applied towards encouraging tne fifheries or manufactures in Scotland : exception. Separate accounts to be kept of thefe duties $ and of the monies anting thereby into the exchequer. Thefe duties appropriated for the payment of the annuities chargeable on the monies borrowed on the credit of this aft. Contributors who have already made depofits of 151. per cent of the funis fo fubfcribed by them, towards the purchafe of annuities on the sum of 8,000,0001. to be raised on the credit of this aft, are to make their further payments, viz. jol. per cent, by 26 Feb. 10I. per cent, by 25 March, iol. per cent, by 29 April, 10). per cent, by 31 May, iol. percent by 3 July, 15I. per cent, by 14 Auguft, iol. per cent, by 16 Sept, and the remaining iol. per cent, by 29 Qftober. Contributors paying in the whole of the lubfcriptiorjs on or tifore 16 Sept, to be allowed interelt for the fame, at the rate of 3 1. per cent, per anp. from the time of such payment, to 29 Oft. Annuities to carry 4I. per cent, for 2t years ; and after the expiration of that term,

3I. per cent. The 4I. oer cent, annuities to take place 5 Jan. 1760. An* unities to be paid half-yearly; viz. on 5 July, and 5 Jan. Subfcribers for every sool. fubfcribed, and for which a depofit of 15I. percent, has been made, are intitled to a lottery ticket 3 to carry 4I. per cent, for 20 years, to commence j Jan. 17613 and after the expiration of that term, to carry 31. per cent. Thefe annuities to be paid half yearly, viz. on 5 July, and 5 Jan. Annuities transferfable. Cafhier of the bank to give receipts for the monies paid in $ which are affignable at any time before 5 Jan. 1761. Cafhier to give security 5 and to pay the monies into the exchequer. CUHitr, on receipt of 15L per cent, of the fum llibfcribed, to give a note for the delivery of 1 lottery ticket for every 1001. fubicribed, Treafury to apply the monies to the fervices voted by the commons. Contributors names, &c. to be entered in the office of the accomptant general of the bank. Duplicate thereof to be tranfmitted into the auditor's office by 5 July, ij6%. The monies anting by the duties of this aft appropriated to payment of the annuities. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, to forfeit their depofits. Accomptant general to give credit for the fums named in the certificates 5 which may be tranf. taxed, and carry 4I. percent, interelt for 21 years 5 and after the expiration of that term, 31. per cent. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Duplicates of the said tickets to be prepared in books with two columns, on each of which 40,000 tickets to be printed. Chance of the tickets in the books with two columns, to be determined .by the drawing of the tickets in the books with 3 columns 3 and the fame numbers in both intitled to equal chances. Managers to examine the books of tickets, and deliver them to the receivers 3 talking receipts for them. Receivers shall cut out, and deliver figned tickets to the .contributors, who may also fign the fame. Receivers to return the books with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the middle columns, to be rolled up, and fattened with filk ; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A.) Box to be locked up and foaled. Books to be prepared with 2 columns, on each of which /	B 3	40,00#

9

Anno tripcfimo tcrtio GEORpii }I. c,f. f 1760.

ao,ooo tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 500 1. to the lirft drawn ticket, and 1000I. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermoft columns of the last-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and fealed. Publick notice to be given of times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 17 Nov.

1760. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and fealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difpqtes relating thereto, to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be fworn. The oatn. Managers, &c. to be paid by the commiilioners of the treasury out of the lottery money. Limitation of fale of chances, Sec. Penalty, rerfons felling (hares in tickets of which they are not poflefled, to forteit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland againft afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punifhable, ana may be fued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates.^ Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates. See. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, &c~ Certificates to be ligned, &c. Accomptant general to give credit for the principal fums iij the certificates. Alignments may be made of the said fums. See. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. A chief cafhier, and accomptant general, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annuities. Treafury to iflue money for that purpofe to the (aid Cafhier, who is to account for the fame. Accomptant general to examine the receipts and payments of the cafhier. Annuities deemed a personal . eftate. See. Annuities deemed a joint ftock; and made transferable. Claufe of redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring ftock. Annuities devifeable by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Transfernot liable to (tamp duties. Trea. fury to pay all incident charges attending the execution or this alt; and to make an allowance to the cafhier, and accomptant general; to be at the difpofaPof the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till thefe annuities be redeemed, Sec. No fee for payment of contribution money* Penalty. Exchequer tallies and orders made out in purfuance of an act of the last session for raising 1,000,0001. thereon, may be received as calh in part of the depolits, or future payments, of the contribution monies fubfcribed on the credit of this aft. Tallies to be thereupon cancelled, and the orders filed, as difeharged. Officers indemnified for fo doing. Tallies or orders which shall be in courfe of payment at the Exchequer, not to be received in payment of the said contributions. Deficiencies of the exchequer, Sec. how to be made good. Sinking fund to be replaced. Surplus monies how to be applied. Malfter not fuffering the grain in the ciftern or uting-fat to be covered over with water, and remain there 40 hburs, is not intitled to the ufual allowance of 4 bufhels in ao. In charging the duties by gauge. Where it shall appear by affidavit before the barons of the exchequer, that any exchequer bills, lottery tickets, &c. h^ve been burnt, loft^ or otherwise deftrewed, the proper pfficers, upon the producing to them a certificate thereof from the barons, aud security given them, are to make forth duplicates of the said bills, See. and pay oft1 tne interest due thereon. Treafury impowered to fign the duplicates where necefTary. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. VIII.

.fa aft for th$ vegujation of his Majestys marine forces while on (bore.

CAP.

 L,ooQle

7

1760.] AnnotHcefimo terdo GflEOR6ii II. c. g.

CAP. IX.

Aft all for preventing the exceffive ufe of fpirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon \ for Jhorteuing the prohibition of making low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, wok, or other grain, and from meal, jSour, and bran 5 for encouraging the exportation of Britiih made fpirits; and for more tffcftuatty securing the duties payable upon fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof \

\X^HEREAS the high price of fpirituous liquors bath been a * * principal cauft of the diminution of the home confumption thereof, and hath thereby greatly contributed to the health, fobriety, end indujlry, of the common people: and whereas it is therefore of the utmoft importance to the publick welfare, that fome timely prowf fion Jhould be made for preventing the return of all thofe mifchiefs which muft unavoidably enfue\ in cafe such fpirituous liquors Jhould again be fuffered to be fold at as low a rate as formerly: and foraf~ much as the moft effectual and expedient method of continuing the . . high price of fpirituous liquors, will be by laying a large additional duty on such fpirituous liquors j may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the twenty first day of April, one The addition# thousand seven hundred and fixty, there shall be raifed, levied, al duties fol-colle&ed, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, {?!"!”£ laid on throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the several kinds i^ors^tc^take ef fpirituous liquors herein after mentioned, fpecified, and enu- place from 1 merated (over and above all duties, charges, and impofitions, and alter *x by any former adt or ads of parliament thereupon reipedively April, 1760. Jet, rated, and impofed) the several additional rates and duties of exciie, herein after mentioned and exprefled; that is to fay.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, The duties, made or drawn from any fort of drink er wafti, brewed or made from any fort of malt or corn, or from brewers wa(h or tilts, or anv mixture with such brewers waft* or tilts, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, five pence.

For every gallon of ftrong waters, or aqua viUe, made for fale of the materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the diftillcrs pr makers thereof, one (hilling and threepence.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the first extradion, made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by tfie diftillcrs or makers thereof, one (hilling and three pence.

For every gallon of fpirits made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by fhe diftjllefs or inkers thereof, eight pence,

fi 4





S'	Anno	tricefono urdo Geo*6ii H. c;$. f. cffo

For every gallon of low wines; or (pints of 'the firi. extraction, made or drawn from cyder, or any fort or kindjofBritijb r %	'	'	materials,	except	thofe	before	mentioned,	or	any mixture theii-

with, to be paid by the diftiilers or makers thereof; fix pence three farthings.

For every gallonof fpirits made for fide from cyder or any fort or kind of Brkijb materials, except thofe before mentioned, td be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one (hilling and one penny three farthings.

For every gallon of (ingle brandy fpirits, or aqua vit<r, imported into Great Britain from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, one (hilling.

Tot every gallon of brandy fpirits, -or aqua vita, above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, two (hillings.

II.	And, for the better afcertaining, charging, colle&iag, railing, levying, and securing the rates and duties by this . > impoted on the said fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds The dujw m therein, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That un«?er the re.C fuch	ratcs	an<*	duties	by this a6t granted as are charg-

Ceipt and ma- ed upon fpirituous liquors made, extra died, and manufactured nagement of in, or imported into, England\ Wales, or the town of Berwick the comm if- upon Tweed, shall be under the receipt and management of the ficSVof1ex- cotn^iffioners and officers of hi$ Majesty's revenues of cxcifc in cife there} England for the time being$ and such or the (aid rates and duties and thofe in as are impofed by this ad upon fpirituous liquors made, extract Scotland, un- ted, jhuJ manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be snifhonenTnd under the receipt and management *)f the commissioners and of-ofEcers of ex- ficers of excife in Scotland tor the time being; and the said Recife there. fpedive commissioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commiffion under their refpedive hands aad r The monies feals, to conftkute and appoint under them such officers as shall anting there- be necessary in that behalf: and all monies arifing by the/ faid imotheci?^ duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the necessary charges ctonw/at** railing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from Weftminfter, time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exebe-iepirate from quer at Weftminjler, diftindly and apart from all other branches brandT^ of ^ ^ publick revenues; and shall (land appropriated and be the pnbHck ®ppltod to the fame ufes and purposes refpedively as the present revenues. duties on fpirituous liquors are now applicable and appropriated

The additional duties upon rum imported from the Bri-tifh plantations, to be paid in like manner as the former duties charged thereon.

unto.

III. Provided always, and be it enadod by the author* ya-forefaid, That the additional rate or duty hereby charged upon rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or ananufe&ur*, of the Britijb fugar plantations, imported into this kingdom, (half be paid and payable in such manner only, and undier fuchr emulation* and reftridions, as the hues and duties of excife heretofore, charged on such rum or fpirits as are now by law'paid and payable,	.	»	■	.■	i	<

IV.





9

1760.3	Anno triceftmo teido Georgii 11. c. 9;

IV.	And whereas by an act made in this present session of parliament, it was onafted, That an act modi in tht thirtieth year of his pro-

font Afayeftys reign, intituled. An mEt to prohibit, for a limited Aft jo Gso.t. time, the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal or flour; which by feveralfubfeydent afts, was continued until the twenty fourth day of December, one tbonfand /even hundred and fifty nine; and aj/bjbmucb of an act made in the loji session of parliament, intituled, . G An act to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the10 *	*

exportation of corn, malt, meal* flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch; and aKo to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and foirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other Jbrt of grain, or mom meal or flour; and to prohibit for a limited time, the making of low wines and fpirits from bran, as prohibits the making of low wines and fpirits from bran; which was to continue until the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufgnd [even hundred and fifty nine, Jbould be, and the fame were thereby, continued, from the expiration thereof \ until the twenty fourth day December, one tbonfand seven hundred andfixty, unlefs fucb continuation of the said acts, or of any parts thereofjbould, be abridged ■or Jbortened by any other aft to be made in this present session of parliament ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That The prohibf-from and after the twenty first day of April, one thousand seven tion of extrac-hondred and fixty, the prohibition eftablilhed and eoa&ed by die tsM ads of making, extrading, or diftilling, low wines and *^js foirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, and tioned in the mom meal, flour, or bean, or any mixture therewith, and all recited a£U, penalties, powers, and regulations, in the said ads, lb far as thetakcn off * fame could or might extend or operate with refped to the making of low wines and fpirits from the materials aforesaid, after the laid twenty first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, (hail ceafe, and be no longer in force or effed, aqy .thing in the said ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autlio- unlefs during sky aforesaid. That if at any time cur times after the laid twenty the recefs of first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, during parliament, the recefs of parliament, the price of wheat shall exceed forty wh^Hhall ^f eight (hillings the quarter Wimbefter meafure, for two fuccefiive exceed, for e market days, in the port of London, and it shall appear expedi- fuccefiive errtto his Majesty, his heirs, or faccefiors, to prohibit the tnak-> ®arkct

ing of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barky, malt, and any Jer huh^pert other fort of grain, and from meal, flour, and bran, or any of London) mixture therewith, it shall and may be lawful to and for his in which cafe, Makfty, his heirs, and faccefiors, from time tp time, by his or the Kins may, their royal proclamation; or proclamations, to be iflued by and t^^contTnqt with .the advice of his or their privy council, or by bis or their the prohibit ■ ofcricr in council, to be publifhed in the London. Gazette, from don. time to time, to prohibit the making, extrading, or diftilling, of .goy. kind of low wines or fpirits from any wheat, barky, malt, and any other fort of grain, and from meal, flour, and bran, or any mixture therewith, for any time or times during

fuch

io	Anno	triccfimo t*rtio Georgii II. c. 4.	f tj66.

inch reccfs, or until twenty days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

VI.	And whereas the oath 'appointed bp an act of parliament made in the fixih year of bis Majejlfs reigns intituled, An a6t for repealing

ACt 6 Geo. 2» an a& fof laving a duty on compound.waters or fpirits; ana for licencing the retailers thereof; and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies, to be token by the exporters offpirits drawn from corn in Great Britain, has prevented the exportation of such fpirits after they have been rectified; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority TV oath to aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of April betaken by one thousand seven hundred and fixty, upon the exportation of the exporter, such redified fpirits, inftead of the oath aforesaid, in order to intitle the exporter to the drawback, allowance, or bounty, on the drawback, the exportation thereof, oath shall or may be made that the fame initead of the were drawn or made in Great Britain from com, without any °Hlh apfoint” mixture with any other materials, cither native or foreign, excited afo FC" ccPt w^at has been necessary for the rectifying thereof; and that the duties of the said fpirits have been duly paid; and that the said fpirits are to be really and truly exported as merchandize to be fpent beyond the feas.

VII.	And, for the further encouragement of the exportation of fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain from the materials aforesaid, or any of them, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty first day of April one thoufand

An additional ^cven hundred and fixty, there shall be an additional drawback drawback of or allowance of twenty four pounds ten (hillings for every ton *4.1. ios. per of such fpirits fo drawn or made in Great Britain, which shall ton allowed be exported to parts beyond the feas; and upon oath being made 'made f*Frits1 ^ore any two or morc of the commissioners of excife, or jufticcs exported; °f the peace for the county or place from whence any such fpirits Oath being are intended to be exported, that the duties of the same are duly made of the paid, and that the fame are to be exported for merchandize to be the duties A*0* beyond the feas; and upon producing a certificate under and aUcertifi- th* hand o* hands of the officer or officers of excife for the port bate produced or place where such fpirits were (hipped, of the quantities fo of the quanti- (hipped, and that the fame were proof fpirits, and (hipped in the and^th^' prefence of such officer or officers; the diftiller or diftillers, or feme being other person or persons exporting the fame, shall be allowed or proof fpirits. paid bsxrkby the commissioners of excife, or their collector for the port or place where such fpirits shall be (hipped off, the said additional drawback or allowance of twenty four pounds ten (hillings for every ton of such fpirits fo (hipped off, and fo m propor-The fa fi°n ^or	or left quantity; and that the fame drawbacks

drawbacks am* allowances which are given by this or any former a6t or adfcs and allowan* of parliament now in force on the exportation of Briti/h made ccs to be made fpirits to parts beyond the feas, as merchandize, shall be allowed on fpirits (hipt an(j pajj to the diftiller or diftillers, merchant or merchants, bn as ores;	^	thcir (hipping any such fpirits as (lores to be fpent

and confumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feas:

,	and

If#Q-}	Aim? tricesimo tenlo Gpo&Gii II. c. 9# 11

^nd when any diftiller or diftillers, merchant or merchants, shall gjvl'«g P1?-be defurous of (hipping any such fpirits as (lores as aforelaid, and	^nd

(hall give five days notice thereof to the refpe&ive commissioners 0f the deftina. of excife, or to (uch other person or persons as they shall refpec- tion of the Uvely, from time to time, appoint for that purpofe, mentioning voyage, the in such notice the exadl deftination of the intended voyage, the and\aBd«a**° tonage of the (hip or veffel, and the number of the mariners in-	*

tended to be employed in navigating the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said refpedtivc commissioners of excife, and the proper or the person or persons fo to be refpe&ively apppinted by them officer afeer-as aforesaid, to afeertain the quantify of such fpirits which shall taming the be (hipped on board such (hip or veffel as (lores, and for which such quantity, and, drawbacks and allowances shall bepaid,and also theiize and marks „ar{^fa5£ q£ the cask or casks in which such fpirits shall be fo (hipped; and veflels; on oath being made before any one or more of the commissioners oath being Qf excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from also made that whence any (uch fpirits are intended to be exported, or before ^5* such other person or persons as shall be refpedlively authorized by paid . y the refpeSive commffioners of excife for that purpofe, that the duties of the same are duly paid, and that the fjme are to be (hipped as (lores to be fpent and confumed in the voyage 5 an(j a certi-and upon producing a certificate under the hand or hands of the ficate pro-officer or officers of excife for the port or place where such fpirits duecd of the were (hipped, of the quantity fo (hipped, and that the fame were £|£jnt,ty proof fpirits, and (hipped in the prefence of such officer or offi- ™ cert; the diftiller or diftillers, merchant or merchants, (hipping fame as aforesaid, shall be allowed or paid back by the com-miJConers of excife, or their collector for the port or place where such fpirits shall be fo (hipped, the said drawbacks and allowances for such fpirits fo (hipped as aforesaid.

VIII.	Provided always, That neither thefaid drawback or allow. Nodrawback

apee, or any other drawback, allowance, or bounty, shall be made allowed for . or be paid forany quantity of such fpirits which shall beexported as any fpirju merchandize in any cask which shall contain lefs than one hun- ^^h'andize 4red gallons; nor shall any such drawback or allowance what- ,n casks con-(qever be made or paid for any quantity of fpirits which shall be taining lefs exported as merchandize, or (hipped for (lores as aforesaid, thatth*n 100 (ball be (hipped on board of any veffel or veffels of lefs burden £0* tapped than one hundred tons.	01l board vef-

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the au- fels under too tfiority aforesaid, That in cafe any such fpirits shall be entered *on5 burden-. fqr exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations in Amt- gj^e°bondt0 ruay the exporter or exporters thereof, in order to intitle him, fnd security her, of themfelves to the drawback or allowance given by this in double the a#, or any other drawback, allowance, or bounty, (hall, before

the (hijpping of the fpirits, and the granting any such certificate ^aifbcduly m conlcquence thereof, give bond, with fufficient fecurity, to exported to, bU Majesty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, to be approved of by the and landed rpfpedive commissioners of excife for the time being, or any three where the of them, or by such person or persons as they (hall, from time enTe^r^for to tuncj appoint for that purpofe, in double the value of the exportation*

goods.





and not exported to or relanded in any other place.

The bonds

12	Anno	triceiimo	tcrtio GEORGil IL 0*9.'	[1760*

goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the fame, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of the leas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, fudi polrt of the kingdom of Ireland, or such place in his Majesty's plantations in America, for which the fame was fo entered for exportation; and that the fame shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, nor relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney% Sari, or Man, or either of them; and such bonds fo entered into shall not be delivered up or difcharged, until a certificate net to be dif- shall be produced under the hand and feal of the collector, comp-c^ilcateb^ tro^c|k» or furvcyor of the cuftoms, or other chief officer of the produced * Port *n Ir*kitd'> or the plantations in America, where such fpi-from* the pro- rits shall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof, and defcrib-officer ing the number of the casks or other package containing the fpirits, and the particular marks of such casks or package, and thtteef ^ the exa<ft quantity of fpirits landed, and also teftifying, that the 9 matter, mate, purfer, or other person having the charge of the (hip or veflel during the voyage in which the said fpirits were exported, had made oath before him. That the said fpirits, and every part thereof, were fairly landed there, and that at the time of landing they were of the same quality as when (hipped on

and,o£*ath roadie by the matter, dec.

were fairly landed there, and without any fraud in the quantity or quality of the fpirits { and oath also made by the exporter at home, that the fpirits were difpofed

mC board; and that no part of such fpirits had been wilfully or frau^ «»«>» tr	dnicntlydiminiftted, relanded, or un(hipped,*(ince the exportation'

thereof (which oath the said refpedtive officers in Ireland, and the plantations in America, are hereby impowered to adminifter) and until oath shall be made before the refpe&ive commiflioners of cxcife in Great Britain for the time being, or any one or more of them, or such other person or persons as they shall refpetflivcty appoint for that purpofe (who is or are hereby refpe&ively im# powered to adminifter fuclioath) by the merchant exporter (if living) that to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge or belief,*

____the said fpirits had been difpofed of at the place or places men-t

of at theplace tioned in the oath referred toin the certificate: and the condition mentioned in of all fuchbonds to be given for the exportation of any such fpirits fed	to	t0 produce such certificate in fix months

certificate. from	date thereof (the danger of the feas and enemies excqit-

Certificates ed) and the condition of all such bonds to be given for theex«* from Ireland, portation of any such fpirits to the plantations in America> shall to be condi- be, to produce such certificate in eighteen months from the date rmrne^wkh- thereof (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted:) and in in 6 months} cafe any such fpirits shall be entered for exportation to any other and from A- parts beyond the feas in Europe, then the exporter or exporters mcrica, within thereof (hall, before the (hipping of such fpirits and the granting Uk!Tfecuri"t	ccrt^cate>	g>ve	bond, with fufficient fecurity, tq his Ma-

&c. to be given jefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, to be approved of as aforesaid, on exporting in double the value of the goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the fame, and every part thereof shall (thedanger of the feas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, such port or place for Which the fame was fo entered for exportation ; and that the feme shall not be exported 0*

fpirits to any other parts of Europe}

car*

tylSo.) Anno trkefimo tertioGEORGii II. c. 9.	13

carried to arty other place or country whatfoever, or relanded it* any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey,

Alderney* Sark, or Man, or either of them: and such bonds fo and like cer-entered into shall not be delivered up or difeharged, until a like t,ficates he Certificate shall be produced under the hand and feal of the Brt~ J^m^he Bri-tijh conful, or other person acting as fuch, in the port or place tifli conful in where such goods shall be entered for and landed, and the like thofeporti,&c. oath made by the merchant exporter, if living (which refpec-five oaths the rcfpe<5tive Britijb confuls, or other persons adling as fuch, and the refpe<5five commiflioners of excife, or other person or persons as they shall refpedively appoint, are hereby refpe&ively impowered toadminifter) and the condition of such And thecer-laft mentioned bonds shall be, to produce such certificate in fif- tificates to b*. teen months from the date thereof (the danger of the feas and conditioned enemies excepted:) and in cafe any such fpirits shall be entered t0. he returned for exportation to any parts beyond the feas in Africa, then the exporter or exporters thereof (nail, before the (hipping of such Like feourity, fpirits, and the granting such certificate, give bond, with fuffi- &c. to be , cient fecurity, to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, to be givcn uR°n approved ot as aforesaid, in double the value of the goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the fame, and every ' . part thereof, shall (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, such port or place for which the fame was fo entered for exportation; and that the fame shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, or relanded in any part of Great Britain^ or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or	'

either of them: and such bonds fo entered into shall not be delivered up or difeharged, until proof is made by the oath of the an<j \\^ oatf, mailer, mate, purfer, or other person having the charge of the to be made

fhip or veflel during the voyage in which the said fpirits were by the mater exported, that the said fpirits, and every part thereof, were fairly landed or difpofed of in or on feme part of the coaft of

Africa, and that at the time of being fo landed or difpofed of they were of the same quality and condition as when (hipped; and that no part of such fpirits had been wilfully, or fraudulently diminifhed, or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the i 1-lands of Guernfy* Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, ox Man* or either of them; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, an(j to befup-to 4he beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, the said ported by the feints had been difpofed of at the place or places mentioned in oatb oftheex-tncf oath made by the mafter, mate, purfer, or other person pomr» having the charge of the (hip or veflel during the voyage; which the said proofs proof shall be made within eighteen months from the date of each to.h®.madc refpe&ive bond, which refpeftive oaths laft mentioned the re- tilths!* fpedtive commiflioners of excife in Great Britain for the time being, or such other person or persons as they shall fefpedlively The bonds appoint for that purpofe, are hereby refpedtively impowered to ad- may be put i mirdfter: and in cafe no such certificates shall refpedhvely be fuit' lf produced, or proof refpedtively made as aforesaid, within there- proofs be not fecftivettmeshercin before mentioned, it shall and maybe lawful dulyproduccd, tor the said refpe&ive commiflioners of excife to caufe such bonds

y 

m

 *

exportation or as.ftore*, fhaU be fraudulently relanded, or not exported,

(except in ca-

14	Anno	tricefimo	tcrtio	Georgii	II.	c. 9.

to be putin fuit, unlefs they shall find fufficient caufeto forbear th® fame ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	Andy for the preventing the relanding of such fpirits after the re r * > fme bejhippedy be it further enacted by the authority afore-entered for * faid) That from and after the said twenty first day of April one

thoufand seven hundred and fixty, in cafe any such fpirits entered as merchandize for exportation, shall not be really an<i bona fide fhipped and exported (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) or in cafe any such fpirits entered as merchandize for exportation, or fhipped for ftores, shall be landed again in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfeyr Ai . AlderneyySarkyOV Many or either of them, unlefs in cafe of diftrefs tCSbe <^kC***to kve g°°ds from peri(hing, which shall be prefently made knownforth- known to the officer or officers of excife, and the principal offi-with to the cers of the customs in the port, then not only all such fpirits, properofficers) and the casks or other package, shall be forfeited and loft, but ae 1 iablet a^° x^e Pcr^on or persons w^ho shall bring, or caufe or procure be forfeited t0 relanded such fpirits, or any part thereof, into any part of with the pack- Great Britain, or of the islands or Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney> Sort* age, together or Man9 or cither of them, or be aflifting or otherwise concerned wtthdouble the ;a the unfhipping the fame, or to whofe hands the fame shall drawSwk ll knowingly come after the unfhipping thereof, or by whofe pri-* vity, knowledge, or direction the said fpirits, or any part thereof, shall be fo relanded, shall forfeit double the amount of the drawback, allowance, and bounty, for such fpirits, and the casks and other package containing the fame, together with the and the boats, veffels and boats, and all the horfes, or other cattle, and carriages carriage”&c whatfoever, made ufe of in the landing, removing, carriage, or employed in * conveyance of the same, which shall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife; and if any mafter, commander, or other perfon, belonging to any (hip or veflel, shall aflift in, or connive at, the fraudulent landing any such fpirits as aforesaid, he, fhe, or they (over and above all other penalties provided by this or any other adi or adts now in force) .. fhall, for every such offence, fuffer imprifonment for the fpace 6°monthst ** mont^s without bail or mainprize: and in cafe the pack-

---- age of such fpirits fo entered as merchandize for exportation, or

any part thereof, shall be altered at any time after the {hipping thereof, and before the arrival of the fnip at the port or place of difeharge, the mafter or other person taking charge of every such (hip or veffel shall forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

XI.	And, for the preventing of frauds which may be committed in the exportation of such fpirits fo drawn or made in Great Britainy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and fixty, all such fpirits fo to be exported shall be proof fpirits; and in order that the fame may be properly examined, and the cafks marked, When any person or persons shall be defirous of fhipping any quantity of such fpirits, they afe hereby required to give notice thereof in writing

	t0

relanaing the fame;

and the mailer, &c. if

Sto, or ng there in, may be

and if the package be altered before arrival at the place of difeharge, the mafter forfeits iool. All fpirits to be exported are required to be proof fpirits.

^ day* notice is tor be given, before the Clipping

1760.] Aimo tricesimo tettiQ Georgii II. c. 9.	15

to the officer of excife of the divifion or place where foch fpirits thereof, to are intended to be (hipped, five days next before such fpirits be put on (hip-board; in which notice shall be exprefled the * number of calks, and the quantity of fpirits fo intended to be (hipped 5 and it shall be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other who is to officers of excife, to mark all and every such calks or other pack-mar,c the age* in such manner as the refpeftive commifTionets of excifet^efamples* shall direft, before such fpirits are (hipped; and also before the paying for (hipping thereof, as well as when on (hip-board, to take a fample the fame hf j or famples, not exceeding one pint in the whole out of each ofdemanded.) the said calks, or other package, containing such fpirits, paying for such (ample or famples (if demanded) according to the market price fpirits of the like quality shall be fold for at the time such fample or famples shall be taken: and in cafe any person The penalty or persons shall put on (hip-board any such fpirits for exporta- on giving tion 2$ merchandize, or to be ufed as ftoreii, without having given filch notice as aforefeid, or shall obftruft or hinder the the officerhv gangers, or other officers of excife, in the marking such cafks, the execution or in taking such fample or famples, he, (he, or they shall re- of his duty, iv fpeftively forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hun-IooI‘ dred pounds: and if the fpirits fo intended for exportation as and the penal-merchandize {hall, after the (hipping thereof, be altered or re- *y of altering-duced in quality or quantity, after any officer or officers of «-SeIqu^^er* dfe ihall have examined the fame, the said fpirits, and the calk quantity of or calks, or other package or packages, containing the fame, the fpirits, shall be forfeited and loft, and the person or persons who lhalI^Fer have fo altered or reduced such fpirits, or caufed or procured the fo^ureof fame to be altered or reduced, (nail forfeit and lofe the sum of the (pints, one hundred pounds for every such offence; and no drawback,and 1001. &c. allowance, or bounty, shall be allowed for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if iny person or persons shall knowingly or wittingly grant

any folfc certificate, or counterfeit, erafe, pr alter, any oath or cate. or councertificate made or given purfuant to this aft, or shall knowingly terfeiting or or wittingly publifh or make ufe thereof, such person or persons altering any shall forfeit five hundred pounds ; which forfeiture shall and may ^a£T be profecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeJl- making ufe minjisr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; one moiety thereof, is whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccel- 5°°1* fors, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for, pro-	to

fecute, and recover the fame; wherein no efloin, proteftion, or aiMj the other wager of Jaw shall be allowed, nor any more than one impar- to the profe-lance; and such oath or certificate fo falfified, counterfeited, cutor. ^ era fed, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no effeft.

XIII.	Ana, for the more effectual securing the payment of the duties upon /pirits, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforefaW, That from and after the said twenty firft

<$ay of April, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, every per- pcrf0ri4iiable Ion or persons making or keeping any wa(h, cyder, or other ma- to be deemed' terials fit for diftillatiort, and having in his, her, or their pofT common di-fcflion or occupation, any dill or (tills, containing feparately orftlllcrs»

together

and tb be fur-▼eyed, &c. accordingly.

Diftiller is to give 6 hours notice to the proper officer, before charging bis Hill j

except within the times herein mentioned $

and not charging his Hill at the times, or in an hour after, f reffi notice to be given3 and if he charge his (till, except within the times limited, without due notice, he forfeits tool, and ufing above v quarter of wheat, to s quarters of other grain in his grilt for wafh; he forfeits 50 L

Recital of danfcs in a&l Q*o.i.

Anno tricesimo terrio Georgii II. c/9;	[1766.

together ten gallons or upwards 3 proof being made thereof bJ the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles before any one or more of the commiflioners of excife for the time .being* or one or more of his Majesty's juftices'of the peace, who are hereby refpedively empowered to adminifter the fame3 shall be deemed and taken to be a common diftiller for fale, and shall be liable to the several rates and duties of excife, and be fubje& to the furvey of the officers of excife, and to the several penalties and forfeitures impofed by this or any former ad or ads of par*' liament now in force, in any wife relating to diftillers 5 any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	And for preventing of frauds that may be committed by diftillers charging their ftills privately with wajh that has not been duly taken an account of by the officers of excife, it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and fixty, no diftiller, or maker of low wines, fpirits. Aqua Vit*y or ftrong waters, (hall, on any pretence, begin to charge his or her ftiff with wafh, fpirits, or other materials, without first giving to the proper officer or officers of the divifion or place where his or her diftilling-houfe (hail be fituate, fix hours notice at the leaft, of his or her intention to charge such ftill, unleft at such times as are herein after mentioned 3 that is to fey. From the twenty* ninth day of September, to the twenty fifth day of Marche yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and eight in the evening 3 and from the twenty fifth day of Marche to the twenty ninth day of September, yearly, between the hours of three in the morning and nine in the evening: and in cafe such diftiller^ or maker of low wines, fpirits. Aqua Kitay or ftrong waters, shall not begin to charge his or her ftill at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour next after, such notice shall be void 3 and the diftiller shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before he or (he begins to charge his, her, or their ftill: and if any diftiller or diftillers shall begin to charge his, her, or their ftill or ftills with wafh, fpirits, or other materials, except within the refpedive times aforesaid, without having first given such notice or notices refpedively, every such diftiller or diftillers fhall, for every such offence refpedively, for-^ feit and lofe (he fum of one hundred pounds.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the author!tyafore-feid. That from and after the said twenty first day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and fixty, if any diftiller or diftillers, in preparing his grift for wafh, in order for diftillation, shall ufe, or caufe to be ufed, more wheat than in the proportion of one

Suarter of wheat to two quarters of any other grain, every such iftiller or diftillers (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI.	And whereas by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firffi intituled, An act to pre« vent the clanacftine running of goods, and the danger of in-fedion thereby 3 and to prevent (hips betaking their quarantine;

and

i/So.]; Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9.	jy

and to ftibjaft copper ore, o; the produdion of the Britijh plantations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjed; it was enafted*, That if any foreign brandy, arrack, prong waters,	fplrits, of any kind what-

fever, Jhould, from and after the twenty firfi day of March, one tboufand seven hundred and twenty two,	imported or brought into

Great Britain, <?r irf* 007 harbour, haven, or creek thereof in any Jbip, veffel, or boat, of the burthen of forty tons, <?r under, according to the admeafurement preferibed in the aft therein mentioned (except only for the uje of the featnen then belonging to and on board pub Jhip, veffel, or b at, not exceeding two gallons for each such fea-man) every such /hip, viff el, or biat, with all her tackle, furniture, apparel,	17//	brandy,	arrack, Jlrong waters, or /pints,

cr the value thereof , Jbould be forfeited, and Jhould and might be [sized by any officer or officers of the cufioms, and Jhould and might be profecuted and divided in such manner and form as was preferibed .	|

in certain afts therein mentioned: and also further enaftedThat if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, rowing, or made or built.	J

to row, with more than four oars, Jhould be found within the limits : therein mentioned, such ooat, wherry, pinnace,	galley,	with

all her tackle and furniture, or the value thereof\ Jhould be forfeited,

<mi Jbould and might be feized by any officer or officers of the cupoms.; and the owner or owners thereof or any person ujtng or. rowing in < such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, Jhould also forfeit and Ufe the. fan of forty pounds; with a provijo, exempting certain vef [els therein mentioned from the said forfeitures: and by the fold aft it was direfted. That, the Jbip, vejfcl, or boat, importing foreign brandy, arrack, Jlrong waters, or fpiri 's, or such boat, wherry, pinnate, barge, or galley, as afore faid, Jhould, after condemnation thereof, be burnt and wholly defrayed; and the tackle, furniture, and cpparel thereunto belonging, be publickly fold to the be ft advantage: and whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his anj n Geo. 1, late Majejly, intituled. An act for the improvement of his Ma-jefhr's revenues of cuftoms, excife, and inland duties, the com-miffioners of his Majefys cufioms were inipowered to caufe any such Jbip, vejftl, boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley (except as before exceptedJt which Jhould be feized and condemned as afore faid, to be ufed by the officers of his Majefifs cufiom$, together with the tackle, furniture, apparel, and materials belonging thereunto, the officer or officers woo feized the fame being fir ft paid his or their jhare or /bares : and whereas by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, for more effectually preventing frauds and abufes in the publici revenues; for preventing frauds in the fait duties ; and for other purpofts; certain powers were given to the officers of the revenue of excife to enter into any Jbip or vejftl within the limits of any port in this kingdom, and fearch for and feize arrack, rum, brandy, fplrits, or Jlrong waters, and coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa pafte, with the packages thereof, in .the manner and for (he reafons therein mentioned: and whereas no pro-vijhm is made by the laws in being, to impower the officers of excife to feize any Jhips, Tftffch* boats, wherries, pinnaces* bargesy or gallics,	,

Vol. XXIII. %	C	and

18	Anno	tncefimo	tertlo Georoii II. C. 9;	[1760.

and it would be a further miens to prevent the clcndejtine importation of fpirituous liquors^ if they were impawned to feize such >bipsy vef-Jelsy boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, or galliesy in the fame man-Office f ner °JPcers °f cufl°m may now bgally A # be it therefore exciters well ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the (aid as thofe of the twenty first day of Aprtly one thousand seven hundred and fixty, cuftoms, may it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of exdfe, and every of them, and they and each of them are hereby required teVorieited* to k*zc an^ every such (hips, veflels, boats, wherries, pin* by the recited naces, barges, or gallies, as are declared to be forfeited for any a&» 5	of the reafons contained in the said ads, or any of diem, in like

manner as the officers of the customs may now legally do ; and proceed which (hips, veflels, boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, or gal* to condemns- lies, fo feized by the officers of excife, shall and may be pro-bke!nan*net as cecc*c^ againft and condemned by such forms, ways, and mc-2, done by the thods, on the part and behalf of his Majesty and the officers of officers of the excife, as now are or may be ufod on the part and behalf of his cuftoms, Majesty and the officers of the cuftoms; and after condemnation, burnt, deftroyed, or ufed, and the tackle, furniture, and apparel thereof, dilpofed of and applied by and under the direction of the oommiffioners of excife and their officers, in like manner as is directed with refped to the commissioners of the customs and their officers.

XVII.	And wbneas many evils have arifen to the publkk by rea-fon of the compounding or rectifying of fpirits by pnfons pra&ifing the trade or bufinefs of making or difiiUmg fpirits from com or grain ; Malt diftiller be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That from compounding and after the twenty first aay of Aprils one thousand seven hun-or rectifying dre<i ancj fixty, if any person pra&ifing the trade or bufinefs of Gi^hrandy ma^*ng> extra&ing, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits from com or other com- or grain, or any mixture therewith, or having any intereft, (hare, pound fpiritu- or property, in any such trade or bufinefs, (hall, dire&ty or in-ous liquors, diredly, either by him or herfelf, or any other person or per-fons in truft, or for his or her benefit, re&ify, compound, or make, any fort of fpirits into the liquor commonly called Gin* or into brandy, or any other compound fpirituous liquors what* forfeits 100I. foever, every such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and his heirs anc* Pay ^um one hundred pounds; and that the heirs, or executors,* executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, of any person who (hall, &c. are dif- after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thoufimd seven hun-abled to fue dre(i an(j fixty, have been guilty of the offence aforesaid, shall any debtConCr not hc intitled unto, or maintain any caufe, adtion, or fuit, for that trade. recovery, either in law or equity, of any fum or fums of money, debt or demand whatfoever, on account or by reaibn of any interest or property in, or profit or advantage arifing in refped of, any fpirits made, extra&ed, or diftilled from com or grain, or any rc&ified or compounded fpirituous liquors whatfoever.

The powers, XVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, t^CS*clau"es That all and every the powers, authorities, dire&ions, rules, me-&c mad^ix. thods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufcs, matters, and things. Car. a. or in which in and by an a St made in the twelfth year of the reign of

King



i?6d] Anno tricesimo tcrrio Georgii II. c. 9. ,	19

King Charles the Second, intituled, An at1 for taking away the any other law court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervid and purveyance ; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty tcnde^toThi* in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or aicertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this aCt) mall be cxercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufcd, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering, and paying, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, as folly and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all an4 every the laid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this pre-fent aCt,

XIX.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the autho- Recovery, rity aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed mitigation, by this aCt, not hereby otherwise directed to be recovered, shall penal-be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, t\et ^ g^nc- * means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or ral,

may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife (not otherwise directed by this aCt) or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weft* mnfttr, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, lhall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XX.	And be it hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-(aid. That if any person or persons shall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue, or in purfuance of this

ad, such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffue. General ifluv.

and give this aCt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence in his or

their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pafs

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

(hall difeontinue his, her, or their aCtion or actions, or be non-

fuited, or judgment shall be given againft him, her, or them,

upon demurrer, or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants

lhall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, againft any Treble colts.

fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Ca	cap.



%o	Anno	tricefimo	tertio Georgii II. c. ioi [1760-

CAP. X.

An act to enable his Majesty to make leafes and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutcby of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame \ and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. TI7HE REAS his mcjl excellent Majesty now ftands feized of VV the dutchy of Cornwall, and the pojfefftons thereof: and whereas fome doubts may arife in relation to his Majesty's granting leafeSi and making copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his faid dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging: for obviating whereof, and for the eafe and quiet of the minds of such persons as have taken, or Jhall hereafter take leafes from his faid moft excellent Majefty; and to the end that such persons may be fure to have good ana indeftaxable eftates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in builds ing and repairing, or otberwife improving the several lands and tenements to them demifed, or to be demifed; be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Leafes and parliament affembled, and by the authority of the same, .That all grants made leafes and grants, made or to be made, by copy of court roll, by copy of according to the cuftom of the refpe&ive manor or manors or'lT letters	dutchy,	or thereunto annexed or belonging 5 and all

patents or in- leafes and grants made, orto be made within seven years next dentures with-enfuing, by letters patents or indentures, under the great feal in 7 years to 0f Great Britain or feal of the court of Exchequer, or by copy of offices °and$y court ro^> according to the cuftom of the refpe&ive manors, of or heredlta- * any offices, roefluages, parks, lands, tenements, or heredity ments, parcel ments (other than honours, lordfhips, or manors) parcel of the of the dutchy poffeflions of the said dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, or annexed* ^a'l 8ooc* anc* e^c<^ua^ *n ^aw> according to the purport and thereto de- contents of the same copies, leafes, and grants, againft our fove-clared to be reign lord the King, his heirs, and fucceflors, and againft all and good againft every other person or persons that shall at any time hereafter the crown; have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dutchy, by force of any a<51 of parliament, or by other limitation whatfoever. fo as such JI. Provided always, That every such leafe or grant fo made,

or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three lives, tor more than c	,	.	.	,	rr	c

3 lives, or 31 or *or one anc* thirty years, or under, or for fome term of years

years} or a determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and

term deter- jf such leafes or grants be made in reverfion or expe&ancy, that

^lives a^SuT the famc> together with the eftates in pofleffion, do not ex-

moft :S a ceed three lives, or term of one and thirty years, and be not

and if in ex- in any wife made difpunifhable of wafte ; and fo as upon every

pe&ancy, or such leafe, or grant be, or shall be, referved the antient or moft

not^xceedine U^Ua* rent> 0F more> or rent as h31*1 ^een referve£l, jield-3 lives,* or 31 ed,or P3^, for the fame manors, lands, or hereditaments, for the years,	greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said

and fo as the leafes ; and where no such rent hath been referved or payable, d^uniffiable t*iat *hen, uPon cveryfuc^ kafe# there be, or shall be, referved of wafte i	^

1760.} Annotnccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 11,	2Jr

a reafonable rent, not being under the twentieth part of the clear and the ufual yearly value of the manors, meffages, parks, lands, tythes, tene- rfcnr» . roents, or hereditaments, contained in such leafe or grant; ^none bc^ and all leafes and grants otherwifc made, or to be made, shall fore, a reaion-be null and void.	able rent be

. III. And be it further ordained and enacfted by the authority ^ervcd* aforesaid. That all covenants, conditions, refervations, and other nams^cf in agreements, contained in every leafe, grant, or copy of court fUCh leafes or roll, made or to be made, as aforesaid, shall be good and effec- grantsdeemed tual in law, according to the words and contents of the same, good in as well for and againft them to whom the reverfions of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall come, as for and againft them to whom the interest of the said leafes, grants, or copies shall come, refpe&ively, as if our fovereign lord the King's majefty, at the time of making such covenants, conditions, and refervations, and other agreements, were feifed of an abfolute eftate, in fee Ample, in the fame lands, tenements, or Hereditaments.

IV. Saving always, to all and every person and persons, bo- Refervationof dies politick and corporate, their heirs, and fucceflbrs, execu- rights, tors, adminiftrators, and affigns (other than to our faid fovereign lord the King, and his heirs and fucceffors; and the duke 4 and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs 5 • and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall, by force f of any adfc of parliament, or other limitation whatfoever) all. such rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, tenures, claims, and demands whatfoever, of what nature, kind, or quality fo-ever, of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this a&, to all intents and purpofes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this had never been had or made; this ac5t, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XI.

An a& for taking down and removing the magazine for gunpowder, and all buildings thereto belonging, (ituate near Greenwich in the county of Kent; and erecting, inllead thereof, a new magazine for gunpowder at Purfleet, near the river of Thames, in the county of Eflex; and applying a fum of money granted in this leflion of parliament towards thofe purpofes; and for obviating difficulties arifen upon an a& made in the last session of parliament, for making com pen fat ion for lands and hereditaments purchased for his Majesty'* service at Portfmoutbj Chatham, and Plymouth.

Preamble. The powder magazine near Greenwich, to be taken down, and removed, by the board of ordnance, and a new one, together with barracks, &c. to be ere&ed at Purfleet. Commiflioners to be appointed by his Majesty for furveying, &c lands, See proper for that purpole; who are impowered to enter upon and fet out the lands, 6cc. accordingly.

The lands. Scc. fo furveyed, veiled in truftees; in trull for the perlons interefted, till payment of the purehafe monies. Commiflioners impowered to treat for the abfolute purehafe of such lands. Agreement* entered into deemed valid. Where persons shall refufe, or qeglcft to treat,

C $	or

r

r

Anno tricesimo tertio GeoRGII II. C." 11/	[1760.

or shall be dibbled from treating, the commissioners are to iffiie their warrant to the IherifF of the county, to fumraon and return a jury to ascertain the value of the premifles. Sheriff to attend at tbe retum of the warrant, with his officers, to prove the Summoning the jurors. Jury may be challenged. Sheriff neglecting his duty, may be fined in a Sum not exceeding xol. and juryman in a Sum not exceeding 101. Fines to be returned into the exchequer. Where a Sufficient jury shall not appear, the inqueft may be adjourned, and a frefh warrant iffued for returning double the number of jurors making default. Twelve Sufficient to take the inqueft. Witnefles may be Summoned, and examined upon oath. Notice to be given of the days appointed for the meeting of the juries. WitneiTes refufing to attend, or to give evidence, may be fined in any fum not exceeding 5I. Orders and decrees of the commissioners, and verdifts of the juries, and the judgments thereupon, are to be final and conclufive to all parties. Surveys, orders, judgments, agreements, and verdifts, to be entered at length in proper books; and copies thereof to be ingrofled on parchment, ana certified Dy the commissioners to the clerk in Chancery, ana the remembrancer of the exchequer. Certificates of the purchases to be given by the commissioners to the proprietors, and bills for the lums due to be made out by the Surveyor general of the ordnance; and debentures thereupon to be granted them, with interest after the rate of *1. per cent, per ann. The truftees thereupon deemed to ft and foiled of the premises. In cafe of refofal to accept such certificates, they may be de-pofited with the clerk of the peace for Efiex, Sec. Where the premiffes shall belong to any corporate body, or to other persons under a difabilty to take ana difpofe of the purchafe money, it is then to be paid over to the dep. remembrancer for their ufe. A ft 31 Geo. *. The monies payable by the recited and present afts, to corporate bodies, or persons under a legal disability to receive and apply the fame, to be paid over to the dep. remembrancer; who is to grant certificates for the fame to the owners and proprietors; which are to he filed in the exchequer. The money received by him to be paid into the bank, Barons of the exchequer impowered to make orders for placing out the monies in the funds, and for payment of the dividends thereon, or laying out the principal in other purchases, to be fettled and applied to the fame ufes. All mortgages, firocks, &c. vetted by this or the recited afts in the deputy remembrance?, to veft, upon his death or removal, in his fucceffor, lubjeft to the fame trulls; and the monies then remaining in his hands to be paid over by his executors. See. If there shall be no dep. remembrancer, the trulls, See. under the prefeat and former afts, are to veft in the principal remembrancer. The mills at Purfieet to be taken down; and the fleet to be left open; and proper flood-gates to be erefted to keep out the fea water, and permit the frefh water to go off with the ebb tides, See. The fleet to be under the com-miffioners of fewers for the levels of Avely and W. Thurrock; but the expences of the repairs, Sec. to be paid out of the monies granted for the orananee fervice. Commiffioners impowered to hear and redrefs grievances of the owners and occupiers of lands; and make fatisfaftion for damages. 15,0001. granted out of the fupplies for the year 1760, towards removing the said magazine, and building a new one. Board of ordnance to appoint officers for carrying this aft into execution. Accounts to be laid before parliament. Charges of this aft to be first pad. Limi-mitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble cofb.

CAP,



23

ty€o.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georoii II. c. i il

CAP. XII.

An for adding certain annuities granted in the year one tboufand /even hundred and fity nine, to the joint ftock of three per centum	annuities, confolidated by the

a3s of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninths and thirty second years of bis present Majefiy's reign, and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the finking fund-, and for cancelling fucb lottery tickets as were made forth in purfuance of an act of the thirtieth year of bis present Majefty* s reign, and were not difpofed of I

WHEREAS in purfuance of an act of parliament made in

the thirty second year of his present Majefiy's reign, intituled, PreamWc4 An afor granting to his Majesty a fubfidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom ; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for railing the sum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds. by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said fubfidy and additional inland duty; several persons, bodies politick or corporate, have advanced and lent the sum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the fubfidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom, and tie additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate, by the said act granted, for the purebafe of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament: and whereas an additional capital of fifteen pounds, was by the said act direfted to be added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said fum of fix millions fix hundred tboufand pounds, amounting to nine hundredand ninety thousand pounds, to be attended with like annuities, after the rate oj three pounds per Centum per annum : and whereas it is thought necessary that the said principal fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, together with the said additional capital of fifteen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, amounting h nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, Jhould be (with the confent of the proprietors thereof, to be fignified within the time herein after mentioned) added to, and made a part of, the joint ftock of three pounds per centum transferable annuities at the bank of England; and that the charges and expences in refpeft thereof, Jhould be charged upon, and paid out of, the fund, commonly called The finking fund, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the fame and like manner as the annuities afore-faid are paid and payable; and that the fubfidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom, and the additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate, which, by the said act, were made a fund for payment of the said three pounds per centum annuities, Jhould be carried to, and made a part of, the said fund, commonly called The finking fund: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be cqa&ed; and be it enabled by

C 4	the

24	Anno	triceGmotertio Georgh I1..C. 12. £1760.

the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aifembled, and by the authority, of the The principal fame. That from and after the fifth day of January, one thou-. fand seven hundred and fixty, the principal'fum of fix millions borrowed on ^lx hundred thousand pounds, borrowed by virtue of the said the credit of before recited adl, together with the laid additional capital of the recited act* fifteeen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced together with towards the said fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, capital of amoun:ing to nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, carry-990,0001. ad- ing an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum ded thereto, per annum, payable at the bank of England, fhall, with the con-to be made, fear of the proprietors as aforesaid, be added to, and made a

of thvproprie- Part	i0,nt	t'iree Pounc*s Per centum transferra'-Ie

tors, part of annuities at the bank of England, confolidated by the a£ts made the joint (lock in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, and thirty fe-of 3I. per cent. Cond years of his present Majesty's reign, and shall be trans-fididate?by” ferrable at the bank of England; and the charges and expences afts*5,*8,^19, m refpeft thereof, shall be charged upon, and paid out of, the & 32, Geo. */fjnd, commonly callejl The finking fund* until redemption andthecharg- thereof by parliament, in the fame and like manner as the an-ou^ofthe^*4 nu*t,es confolidated as aforesaid are transferrable, and as the linking fund, charges and expences in refpedt thereof are payable; any thing in the fai J adt made in the thirty second year of his present Majesty's reign, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. Proprietors H* be }t fart^er	by	the	authority	aforefaid.	That

diflcnting”to ^uc*1 proprietors who shall not on or before the twentieth day enter their of Juney one thousand seven hundred and fixty, fignify their diffent on or diflent to such confolidation as aforesaid, in books to be opened ^e^rCxoJunc> at the bank of England for that purpofe, shall be deemed and 17	taken to aflent thereto 3 any thing to the contrary thereof in any

'wife notwiihftanding.

The duties HI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, appropriated That all the monies which have arifen fincethe fifth day of Ja-for payment nuary% one thousand seven hundred and iixty, or that shall or the annui- may hereafter arii'e, of the fubfidy of poundage upon certain bTeon t belaid £°°ds and merchandizes imported, or to be imported, into this principal kingdom, and the additional inland duty on coffee and choco-fums, to be late, which were made a fund for payment of three pounds carried to the^r ccnium per annum, at the bank of England, on fix millions fix linking fund > hundred thousand pounds, borrowed, by virtue of the said a£t made in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majt-fty, towards the fupply of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, as also on the said additional capital of fifteen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, a-tnounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, shall and nnde a carrjed to, and made a part of, the fund, commonly called, part t ereo j nkingfund; and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be' and to be ap part of the said finking fund, and shall be iffued and applied to plied apeord- such ufcs an(j puppofes as the several excelfes, furplulfes, orover-

plus

25

1760.3	Anno trfcefimo.tertio GeorgIi II. c. 12.

plus monies compofing the said finking fund, are or may be if-fued and applied; any thing in the said before recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the thirtieth ' ' year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for grant- <3*0” ». ing to his Majesty a fum not exceeding one million fifty thou-fand and five pounds and five shillings, to be raised by way of lottery; the managers and directors of the said lottery were required to caufe such of the tickets contained in the outetmofi column of the books to be prepared in purfuance of the said act, which Jhould not have been difpofed of to contributors, and also the tickets upon which defaults of payments jhould have been made, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majeftfs exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cajh, to be tffued and difpofed of for the purposes of the said acty in such manner as the commijfioners of his Majejly's treasury, or any three or more of them then beings or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the tmmiffioners of the treasury for the time being, Jhould dire ft: and whereas the managers and directors of the said lottery did, in purfuance of the said act, deliver into the receipt of his Majeftfs exchequer, fix hundred and forty seven thousand two hundred and eighty .

*ne tickets, there to be retained and kept as cajb, which, at one pound one Jhilling each, amounted to the sum of fix hundred and feventy nine thousand fix hundred and forty five pounds, one Jhilling: and whereas the commijfioners of his Majesty s treasury did afterwards by their warrant appoint Robert Jennings, John Dive, Barwell Smith,

Daniel Wray, and Frederick Atherton Hindley, to receive from his Majesty s exchequer the said fix hundred and forty seven thousand Jwo hundred and eighty one tickets, and to fell and difpofc of the same\ who accordingly did receive the said tickets from the tellers of the said receipt, and did fell and difpofe of sixty fix thousand five hundred ond feveniy four tickets, part of the said tickets, which, at one pound one Jhilling each, amounted to sixty nine thousand nine hundred and two pounds, fourteen jhillings, and paid the said fum into the said receipt of exchequer, and did return five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven tickets, which remained in their hands undif-pojed of, into the said receipt, which are now retained and kept as cajb there, and, computed at the rate of one pound and one /billing each, a-mount to the sum of fix hundred and nine thousand seven hundred and forty two pounds ana seven Jhillings \ be it therefore cnafted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be law- The commif-foi to and for the commiflioners of his Majesty's treasury, or fioners of the any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time ?Jfafu.ry to being, to iflus the said five hundred and eighty thousand seven forcancdline, hundred and seven tickets to any person or persons whatfoever, fUch lottery5* to be by them cancelled and destroyed, that thereby tbe tellers tickets as were of his Majesty's receipt of exchequer may be difeharged ofmade f°rth ** the total amount of the cafh or value of the said five hun-^^j^ot dred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven tick- afts, and were ets, at the rate of one pound one (hilling each; and not difpofed that the said Robert Jennings, John Dive, Barwell Smith, Daniel0*' f Wray, and Frederick Attyrtqn Hindley> shall be and are hereby *enrs> fre0 ^ jiifcharged of their account touching the feme; and the difeharged of

managers

 VjOO^lC

26	Anno	tricefimo tertio Georgii II. c. i j'5	[176b;

their account managers and directors of the said lottery, or any five or more touching the of them, or the person or persons in whole cuftody the columns fame.	containing	the duplicates of, and thr^tickets of the numbers and

d°- *1*®* correfponding with, the said five hundred and eighty thou* plicates. U" ^an(1 seven hundred and seven tickets, do or shall remain, may, and is and are hereby authorized and impowered to cancel and destroy such part of the said columns as contain the said duplicates, and tickets of the correfponding numbers and clafles, as aforesaid ; any thing in the said a61, or any other aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by paptfts ; and for relief of proteftant pur-chafers.

Preamble, re- 
WHEREAS by a clause An an act of parliament pajfed in the citing the afts VV third year of his late Majefly's reign, intituled, An act for 3 Geo. x. explaining an act passed in the Jaft session of parli?ment, inti-. tuled. An act to oblige papills to regifter their names and real eflates, and for enlarging the time for fuih regiftering; and for securing pur-chafes made by protejiants 5 it was enafted, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thou-fund seven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interest therein, or rent or profit thereout, fhouli v pafs, alter, or change, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popifb religion, by any deed or will, except such deed, within fix months after the date, and fuoh will, within fix months after the death of the tefta-tor, Jhould be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Weft-minder, or elfe within the fame county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in such manner as therein for that purpofe is particularly direfted: and whereas by several afts of par-10 Geo. i,	Hament made in the tenth year of bis faid late Majejly's reign, and

tec.	in the third, fixth, ninth, eleventhy twelfth, fixteenth, and nine-

teenth year of the reign of his present Majefly, it was enafted. That every deed and will which had been then made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papift or person prof effing the popi/h religion, though not then inrolled, Jhould be as good and ejfeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited, by the said clause in the said firft-mentioned aft, for inrollment thereof, provided the said deeds and wills jhould be inrolled on or before the refpeftive times in the said several afts refpeftively mentioned, in such manner as by the saidfir ft mentioned aft was direfted: and where-*6 Geo. s. as by another aft made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majefly, it was enafted. That every deed and will made since the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty fix, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or any rent or profit thereout.

*7

1760.] Anno tricesimo terrio Georgii II. c. 13.

from any papift or perfan profejjing the popijh religion, to any prate* ftant or proteftants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will any prate-ftant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to'the ufe or benefit of any other protejlant or proteftants, though not inrolled,	inrolled in due time,	£1 good and

effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said claufes, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one tboufand seven hundred and fifty four, in jucb manner as by the said clause in the said firft-mentioned all is directed: and whereas by an ®eo* *• alt made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, That every deed and will madefince the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any inter eft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift or persons prof effing the popijh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will, any proteftant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other inter eft whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled in due time, Jhould be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said claufes, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty fa*tn fab manner as by the said clause in the Jaid firft-mention-ed all is direlled: and whereas by ap all made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled. That every deed and will made ftnce the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any rent or profits thereout, from any papift or person profejjing the popijh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by or by reajon of which deed or will, any protejlant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Jhould be as good and effellual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the Jaid claufes, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, in Juch manner as by the said clause in the said firfl-mention-ed all is direlled; be it enabled by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Further time aflemblcd, and by the authority of the same. That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pais, alter, or papiftt till

change, *5 Dec. 1760



No deed, will, or leafe, made good hereby, whereof advantage has been taken of the non-in -rollment thereof before 25 Dec. 1759.

Purchafes made by proteftants fliall ftand good, if no advantage bas been taken for non-inrol-ment.

No grant, leafe, or mortgage of the advowfon, or right of prefentation to a living, &c. made by any papift in truft, See. to be hereby deemed good.

Anno, trteefimo terrio Georgii II. c. 13.'	[1760:

Change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or ?ny interest therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift or person profefling the popifh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by reafon of which deed or will, any proteftant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, fliall be as good and eflfe&ual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said claufes, in the said a<ft$ for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills shall be inrolled on or before, the twenty fifth day of December, one fhoufand seven hundred and fixty, in such manner as by the laid clause in the said firft-mentioned a<5t is diretfed.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any such deed, will, or leafe, already made and not inrolled, of the want of inrollment whereof advantage shall have been taken, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, but every such deed, will, or leafe, shall remain of such force and effedt only, as the fame would have had if this adt had never been made, and of none other force and effedh

III.	And whereas many purchases made by protcjlanfs, may be in danger of being impeached or called in aueflion, in regard that fome deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to have been inrolled according to the said acts^ but have not been fo inrolled ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no purchafe made for full and valuable confideration of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and mcerly and only for the benefit of the proteftants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by the said adts, fo as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof before such purchafe w^s made, and fo as no decree or judgement hath been obtained for want of the inrollment of such deeds or wills.

IV.	Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any grant, leafe, or mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of prefentation, collation, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, or any avoidance thereof, made by papift or person profefling the popifh religion, in truft, diredWy or indiredtly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such papift or person profefling the popilh religion, whether such truft hath been declared by writing or not.

CAP,

*9

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 14, 15.

CAR XIV.

An act for enlarging the times for the first meetings of com-mffioners or truftees for putting in execution certain ufts of this fejjion of parliament.

WHEREAS by several afts of this present feffton of parties-

ment, the firjl meeting of the commissioners or truftees for put- Frcamblc* ting fucb afts, or any part or parts thereof in execution, hath been, or may be, appointed or directed to be held before, or upon the day of the paffing of such afts refpeftively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may arife with refpeft to the due execution of the said acts 5 be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That in cafe any adt of parlia-ment hath pafled, or doth, or shall pafs, at any time whatsoever fefli0n shall during this present session of parliament, upon, or after the day pafs upon or Specified in any such adt for the first meeting of the commissioners after the day or truftees appointed to put the fame, or any part thereof, in exe-cution, in each and every such cafe, such commissioners or tru- mccting of flees respectively, or the fame number of such refpedtive commif- commirnoners Goners or truftees as is or shall be authorized to hold such first or truftees to* meeting, or any greater number of them, shall and may hold ^ their first meeting upon the twenty first day after the paffing of t^r this adt, at such places as were refpedtively appointed in such meeting on afts for holding the first meetings on the days therein Specified•, the day and all such commissioners or truftees, or any number of them, as aforesaid, being fo aflembled refpedtively on the said twenty 18 first day after the paffing of this adt, shall and may proceed to the execution of such adts refpedtively ; and then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all such matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the said adts refpedtively, in the fame manner, and as fully and effcdtually to all intents and purpofes, as if such commissioners or truftees had been aflembled in purfuance of, and on the refpedtive days Specified or appointed in such adts for holding the first meeting of such commissioners or truftees; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XV.

An act for rendering the exportation of culm from the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke, and the limits thereof, to the neigh-* bouring counties, more eafy to the proprietors and purchasers of the same} and for better recuring the duties payable thereon.

Preamble. Sufferances maybe granted, upon application, for exporting culm in fmall veileis, from the port of Milford to the neighbouring counties. Officer to attend the (hipping thereof. Duty of i s. per chaldron to be paid for the fame, for winch a certificate is to be given; the fame deemed a fufficient clearance. Fee of 1 s. and no more to be paid for the certificate. Mafter of the vcfTeJ, upon his return to the port of Milford, to make oath of the place, and time, of landing his former cargo, before he (hips another loading. Penalty of fraudulently changing his own

or

6

 v^ooQie

30	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Georgii II. c.	[1760.

or the (hip's name, &c. 51. Where anjr culm shall be loft, for which duty has been paid, the like quantity to be (hipped duty-tree.

CAP. XVI.

An aS to continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cujtoms \ to prevent the clandeftine naming of goods, and the danger of infection thereby ; to the granting liberty to carry rice from bis Majeftfs province of Carolina in America, direHly to any part of Europe, fouthward of Cape Finifterre, in Jhips built and navigated according to law \ to the free importation of cochineal and indico \ to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad,, and first compofed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contrails of clerks to attornies or folicitors, and filing thereof.

WHEREAS the several laws herein after-mentioned, are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma-treamme.	jefty,that itmay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moft ex-

cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That the Claufes in a ft several claufes in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of 5 Geo. 1. his late Majesty, intituled. An alt againft clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and for the more ejfeliual preventing of frauds latin fo relating to the cuftoms, relating to such foreign goods, wares, and reign goods*6 merchandizes, as shall be taken in at fea out of any (hip or vef-taken fn at fel* in order to be landed, or put into any other (hip, or veflel, (ea, &c. or boat, and also relating to goods not reported and found after clearing (hips; and whereby further remedies are provided againft relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the feas; and also relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board (hips outward bound; and also relating to hovering (hips or vef-fels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under; and also concerning the bales or package in which coffee shall be exported; and also relating to rum imported in cafks or veflels not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and also relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament refpedively ; and which, by several fubfequent ads paffed in the ninth year of his faid late Majesty's reign, and in the fecond, eighth, fifteenth, and fix-teenth, and twentieth, and twenty seventh years of his present Majesty's reign, were further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand

fevea

1766.] Anno tricesimo tertioGEORGii II. c. 16.	31	#

feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby fur- further conti-ther continued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth to ** day of September, one thoufend seven hundred and sixty feven, 5cp 17 7? and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, s ^ f That an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of his late to prevent the Majesty, intituled. An aCt to prevent the clandefiine running 0/clandeftine goods* and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent Jkips break-ing their quarentine; ana to fubjeCt copper ore, of the production of*00*1*' c# the Britifh plantations, to fucb regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeCt; which was to be in force •for two years from the twenty fifth day of March, onejthoufand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which by several fob-the fequent ads (except the claufes obliging all (hips and veffds to clau^relatinr perform quarentine) was to have further continuance from the to quarentine) first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which bv an ad made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; but, by miftake, the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven was inferted therein inftead of the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and which by several fubfequent ads made in the twenty first and twenty seventh years of his present Majesty's reign was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the further conti-faid twenty ninth day of September, one thou&nd seven hundred ***& to and sixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next ScPu 17679 session of parliamant.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Ad t Geo. %. That an ad made in the third year of the reign of his present for allowing Majesty, intituled, An aCt for granting liberty to carry rice from {^ut0h^from bis Majejly's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part Carolina to™1 ^Europe fouthward 0/*Cape Finifterre, in Jhips built in, and be- Europe, longing to, Great Britain, and navigated according to law; which was to be in force for five years from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand (even hundred and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; aod also an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of his present and-rife aft Majesty, to continue the laid ad from the expiration	^omlnuin ^the

until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hun- ^ ^"and dred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next extending the felfion of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty's faid lib«ty to province of Georgia in America; which faid ads, by several fob-	m

fequent ads made in the fifteenth and fixteenth, twentieth and cn

twenty

3*

further continued to >9 §ept. j7$7.

Aino tflcci mo tarrio Geootmi IL Cj>i6« ([ip&ti

twentyfeventh year* of hfe present Maje fry's reign; were far rtoer' continued fromtha expiration thereof until the twenty ninth d#y\ of Septemberonto •thoufand seven hundred and ftxty,'4md torn*' thence totfcecnd of the then next>feffioo of parliament, tihratl' be, and the fame is hereby further Continued from the texpiftM-1 tion thereof to the said twenty ninth day of September one thou*' land (even hundred and sixty feven; > and from thence to tbe thd of'the^hen nextfefEon of parliament.	...	lm.iu

IV# And be it further ena&ed by the authority' afbref*i<V >	...	^hat an made in the seventh year of the reign of his prefeot

Adi i Geo. s# Wajefty, inthuled. An act for the revival of an act tnadeMn the1 for reviving a thirteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the \Fbjb, former a61	intituled,	An act for the free importation of cochineal during the*

for the free time therein limited; and also for the free importation «>f indicoy o?wcSn«J	was	t0	continued	in force from the twenty fourth day of

and indico, Jttne one thousand seven hundred and thirty four* for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several fubfequenta&s pafled in the fourteenth, twentieth, and twenty seventh year* of his prelent Maiefty's reign, was farther Continued from the* expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the said twenty* ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fatty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflttfn Of parliament.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That so much of an ad made SftmUG °f ?n twe^ y*?r of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled* as relatesM fa prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, wf the prohibiting fir ft compofedcr written, and printed in Great Britain; and for re-the imports- pealing jo much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her

late majesty §)ueen Anne, as impowers the limiting of prices of booh; which ad was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for the fpace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, fo far as relates to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first com-pofed or written, and printed in Great Britain, by several fub-fequent ads made in the twentieth and twenty seventh years of his present Majefty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion, of parliament.

VI.	And whereas fome persons have emitted to caufe affidavits to be made, and afterward to be filed in the proper office, of the aftual execution of several contrafts9 in writings entered into by them to

fervt

further continued to 39 Sept. 1767.

tion of books

reprinted

abroad.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1767.

ijrflo.J Anno tricesimo terdo Georgn II. c. 177	33

fervt os clerks to attomies or folicitors, within the time in which the fame ought to have been done; and many infantsf and otherj, may thereby incur certain difabilities; for preventing whereof, and for Further time relieving such persons j be it likewife enafted by the authority allowed to 6 aforesaid, That every person who hath neglefted or omitted Nov* >760, to caofe any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid, to be made and filed, and who, on or before the sixth day of November one fidavita of the thousand seven hundred and fixty, shall caufe one or more affi- execution of davit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such contracts to manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed, in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged,	^

from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, in or by any aft or afts of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any such ncgleft or omiffion, in not caufing such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in such manner as the fame ought to have been; and every such affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which shall be duly filed, on or before the said sixth day of November as aforesaid, (nail be as effectual to all intents ana purposes as if the fame had b£en made and filed, within the refpeftive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been fomade and filed.

CAP. XVII.

AnaB to continue an aB made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty <$ueen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the laiv herein after mentioned is near expiring ; Preamble.

may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be cna&ed; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That an act made in theA&nAnnx, twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intitu- whic.h was led, An aB for the better encouragement of the making offail cloth in 2^”^ bfe^ Great Britain, which was to continue in force for seven years, qUCnt and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which by several fubfequent aefts made in the fifth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, and twenty seventh years, of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame is further conri-hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, to the nued to 29 twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Sept. 17^7* sixty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP.

Vol. XXIII.

D

34

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii IL c. 18.	[1760-

CAP. XVIJI.

An att for enabling his Majetty to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned, and for further approprxatibg certain fupplies granted in this session of parliament.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to hi* Maiefty for i,ooo,pool. Treafury may raise the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pre-feribed by the land tax a& of this feflion, concerning loans or exchequer hills thereby to be made out. The dattfea, 8cc. in the (hid ad relating to the loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer hills, to. be made forth in purfuance of this ad; principal and intereit, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if none foffi-cient be granted before 5 July 1761, then they are to be paid out of the finking fund ; and the monies fo iflued to bcreplaced out of the flrft ft»|H plies. The bank impowered to advance on the (aid credit of loan* any fum or (urns not exceeding r ,000,000k the ad of 5 Sc 6 W. & M notwitb-ttanding. Appropriation of the fupplies in general. The monies arifing by the land tax, malt ad, lottery ad, and (inking fund, with the fom of x*000,0001. granted by this ad; via. Out of the aid* in general* 3,57*96191. 5s. id. towards naval fervice* herein fpecified. io,oook to* wards finifhmg the bofpital at Hafler near Gofport. io,oool. towards fi-nifhing the hofpital near Plymouth. 8,oool. towards ereding careening wharfs and (fore houfes, kc. at Halifax. io,oool. towards the fupport of Greenwich bofpital. 510,860!. >s. 3d. for charge of the office of ordnance for land service 6,6+3,51 iL 16s. 6d. iq. toward* the land forces in gene-, ral; of which 1,383,748!. lod. for defraying theexpence of 57*194 etfec-tive men, including thofe in Germany, See. 846,1681.19s. for guards and garrifons, Sec. in the plantations, Gibraltar, Scc. 35,744k 8s. 4d. for troops on the Iri(h eftablifhraent ferving in North America. 54,454!. ns, 9d. for pay of the general and general ftaff officers, and officers of hofpi« tale for the land forces. 102,006k 4s. 8d. for defraying the charge of the embodied militia in S. Britain, and the fencible men of Argylefliire, and a battalion of highlanders inN. Britain, from *5 Dec. 1759, to 25 April 1760. 160,1041* 16s 8d. for defraying the charge of the (aid militia, Ar-gyleihire men, and highlanders, to *4 Dec. 1760. 30,711!. for cloathing for * the embodied militia for 1760* 2,041k for penfions to widows of reduced officers who died on half pay. 3c,6cil. 9s. to the reduced officers of the laud forces and marines. 2,946k allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe reduced, and fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards*, *5,oool. tor out petitioners of Chelfea hofpital. 953,302k 159. yd. iq. for extraordinary expencesof the land forces. See. to 14 Nov. 1759, not provided for. 500,000k towards the charge of forage, bread, ana other cap- ( tingencesof the army under Prince Ferdinand. 134,119k 17s. 4>d. for charge of augmentations to the forces, fincethe ettimate for 1760 was pre-fen ted, to *4 Dec. 1760.	11,874),	15s.	1	od. for charge of a regiment of

light dragoons, and an additional company to lieutenant colonel Vaughan's corps. 447,882k 10s. yd. iq. for charge of the troops of Hanovef, fenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and count Buckeburgg, to 24 Dec. 1760, to .be iflued two months in advance; the troops to be muttered by an EngHfli cemmiflary. 268,874!. 16s. 8d. for charges of the troops of Hefle Caifcl, to 14 Dec. 1760, together with the fubtidy to the said time, purfuant to treaty. 971850k 4s lod. for charge of an additional corps of troops of Hefle Canel, to 31 Dec. ,1760, purfuant to treaty. 34,333k 8s. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hanover to 24 Dec. 1760. 10,776k 5s. yd. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hefle Caflel, to 24 Dec. 1760.	5**9031. 19s. id. for charge of augmentation to thearmyjii*

Germany to 14 Dec. 1760. 66,916k 3s. iq. for charge of the troopf at Brunlwick, purfuant to treaty. 23,843k 5s. nd. for charge of augmei£> tation to the troops of Brunlwick, purfuant to treaty- 101,096!. 3*. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hefle Caflfel for 176#*. 420, nol. is for extraordinary expences of land forces, and other fervico inrurred in 1759* and not provided for. 6;o,oool. to the King of Pruffia,

6	pur-

iy6o.j Anno tricesimo tertio GftoftOli II. 0.19.

par (bant to treaty. 6o,*eol. to t)r« landgrave of Heftfe Ca(W, purfuant totrea^e i,ooo,oool. todifchargc the like Am> borrowed, ptirfuant to a vote of credit of the last feflion. i,ooo,oqoI. upon account to defray any extraordinary expences of the war which may be incurred in 1760. 11,78514 6*. tod. for lupport of the colony of Nova Scotia for 1760. 5,151!. 48. 91! • for fopport of the said colony irt 175*, not provided for. 4*037!. 10 s. for charge of the civil eftabUfhment ot Georgia, to 24 June, 1760. <01,078!* ids. Id. for tranfport ferrice, Stc. in 1759.	15,000!.	to	the board of ord-

otmce fbr taking down the magazine at Greenwich, and erecting a new one effewhcre. 5,000!. to the governors of the Foundling hofpital, to be iflued without any dedu&ioft or fee. 44,157!. 10s. for maintaining, and and apprenticing, the children of the said hofpital, admitted on or oefore 8 Feb. 17 60, to be iflued in like manner. 3,1*71. 10s. towards mainte-rfaiice, «c. of the children admitted into the laid hofpital, between 8 Feb. rttf *6 March, 1760, to be iflued in like manner. 15,000). for repairing London bridge. 124,7361. 7*. id. aq to make good the deficiency on | Joly, 1759, ot the duties upon offices, ienfions, homes, and window lights. S4.1411.15s. 8d. to make good the deficiency on 5 July, 1759, of the fubfi-dyof poundage upon goods imported, and duties upon coffee and chocolate. *,751). 6s tod. to makegood the deficiency on 5 Jan. 1759, of thd duties on glaft, and fpirituode liquors. 7,651, 98. td. iq. to make good the deficiency on 5 Jan. 1759, of the additional ftamp duties, licences for wine, doty 011 coals, Sec. furplus duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors. 200,000!. as a cornpenfation to the provinces in North America* fbr expences incurred in levying, &c. troops there. 20,000!. to the Eaft India company, for defraying the expence of a military force there. s,977l. 7s. 8d. to reimburte the colony of New York their expences in fumUbing provifions, Sec. to the troops raised in 1796* io,oool. for fup* porting the Britifh forts. Sec. in Africa. 74,170!. 3d. iq. to make good the deficiency of the grants for 1759. 3,000!. to make good the like fdrtl iflued, purfuant to an addrefs of rbe houfe, to Jane Harding*. 2,cool, to Jer. pylon efq. towards defraying the charge of printing the journals of this houfe, Set. 8o,oool. for pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia to 25 March 1761. 634J. its. 7a. to discharge the interefl on 23,800!. ns. ltd*, remaining in the office of ordnance, of the purchafc money, appro-priced by an a# of the last ffiffion, for lands. Sec. for his Maidty*s dock yards at Chatham, Port/mouth, and Plymouth, but unapplied. 11,9401* 13s. iO. for extraordinary charge of the mint. 2,500). for di(charging the claims, Sec. on the Perth eftate. Theft aids to be applied to no other ufes. Rules to be oblerved in the application of the half pay. Ctaufe in aft 3a Geo. *. Application of the ravings of the said fum of 34,367!. 15s. lod. granted the lait (eflion towards halt pay. *,500). claimed ow the Perth cdate> to be applied as directed by the million a& of laft ftflion.

CAP. XIX.

Ah *t£l for tbe mart	effeSlual securing the payment	of fuck

prize and bounty monies as were appropriated to tbe of Greenwich Hofpital, by an a Si made in tbe twenty ninth year of tbe reign of bis prefent	,	An	aft

fbr the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

WHE R E AS by an aSt of parliament made in the twenty ninth preimble, year of bis	prefent MajeJly's	re, intituled. An a£t for citing aft

the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effediual Geo. a. manning his Majesty's navy, it was (amongfl other things) enabled,

That the flag officers,	eommatedtrs,	and o -

rineSf and foldiers, on board every /hi and veffei of tour in bis

D 2	•

h ' u/



, .Ajmo tricel^ Qeorgii II. c. v 76a#

Majeftfs pay* Jbouhdtiavt tbt fele intereji and property of and iuall add every Jhtp* mffiU goods-and merchandizes* which (hey Jbould tdker fmniand after: thg fevenUenthJay of May, jn tbeyearfiffur lord one thoufdmdfive# hundredond fifty fix* fmdygfl^ fptf utftogfe of the viorogamft France (bmgfirft adjudged kiifyfftrjze i& yum-tnr therein mentioned) Jo be divided in Jucb proportions % arid after fuchmanner* as his Majtfty^ bis heirs* and fuccejfors* JbouM tbfik ft to order and direct,by proclamation or proclamation# theryifler fa be iffued fih thefepurpofef; and it was by tbefiU aft dire fted* that ail appraifements and files of any Jbip or Jhips*, goods* wares* or merchandizes* as Jbould be taken by any of his Majeftfs Jhips f war* Jho&ld be made by agents or per fins to be nominated and appointed by the captors as therein mentioned; and that after the file or fatesxof such prize' or prizes as Jhould be taken from the enemy by any of Ins Majeftfs Jhips of war* publick notification Jbould be given by the per-fons or agents appointed* as therein before mentions* of the Jay appointedfor the payment of the several fares to the captors * afterjybitb publick notification* if any mens fares fould remain in the bands of such ptrfons or agents* either belonging to such men as fould- be run

tepqnded

from his Majeftfs fervice* or which fould, not be legally i within three years* but then such fare or fares fo remaining in the per fons or agents hands* or belonging to such men as Jbould be run from his Majeftfs fervice* Jb:uld go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital; and by the jaid aft a certain bounty was dir eft ed^ to bfpaii by the treasurer of his Majeftfs navy* as therein is mentioned unto the officers* feamen* marines* foldiers* or others* that Jbould have been aftually on board any of his Majeftfs fip or ftps* orprivajfer or privateers* in any a ft ion where any fip or fips of war* orpriya-teers* Jhould have been taken from the enemy* funk* burnt*, or,other -wife deftroyed* ftnce his Majesty declaration of war Qgqim^ranc^ to be divided in manner* form* and proportion* as by his Mqfffifsproclamation Jbould be direfted * and it was by thefiid aft further directed* that the bill or bills to be made out (as therein is mentioned^ for'fuch bounty* Jhould be made payable tofuch ptrfon or per fons a^jbfiuldkeau-thorized add appointed by the officers or persons intitled thereto*	fuch

manner as is therein before dire ft ed for the nominating andappointing agents for appraifements and fales to be made as therein bejorfj^njen-tioned* the fame to be dijfributed and divided* by the perjon arpeifons fo authorized and appointed* amongft the captors* in such manner* form* and proportions* as is therein before mentioned; and that the Jeveral Jhares of such captors* if not legally demanded,within three years after publick notification* aqd also of such as Jhould	run from

his Majeftfs fervice* Jbould be applied to the ufe of the fold hofpital ; and whereas no time is limited* or particular method prfcrjbcd* by the said act* for the giving notifications of the day appointed foj- the payment of the Jhares of prizes* nor is any exprefi dlreftion gwed for the notification of the dayof payment of the Jhares of such bounty money as aforefaid'* and many agents haveneglefted io fpecify in the notifies tion by them given in the London Gazette, for payment of Jhares of prizes condemned in the high court or other courts of admiralty in Great Britain, the particular day or time when such payments were to commence*

 VjOOQlC

17So.]	Anno tricesimo tertio Georgn II. c. 19.	37

'menciy whereby it is very difficult, if not impojfible] to*certain the tide when the said bofpital becomes in tit led to the unclaimed /hares, by 4 means whereof the /aid bofpital cannot have the full benefit intended by We find recited afi \ for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the 'King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana con-'font 6f the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ^nefent parliament aflembled; and by the autfaorityof the same,

‘That from and after thefirft day of September, in the year of our From and af-Lordone thousand seven hundred and fixty, ail notifications by ter 1 Sept •the said ad required to be given of the payment of the (hares of y60.* prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy by any of his Ma-jelly's (hips or veflels of war, and condemned, or t6 be con- (hares of ' demried, in Great Britain; and from and after the first day of prizes con-‘ February one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all notifi- demned .in. cations by the said ad required to be given of the payment of remind the (hares of prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy, aind aftcr 1 Feb. condemned, or to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's 1761, ail nofi-dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's plantations in Rations of America*, and from and after the twenty fifth day of. December*^J^nSuiany one thousand seven hundred ind sixty one, all notifications by other of the Y ' the said ad required to be given of the payment of the (hares of Britifh domi-prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy, and condemned,nions ,n Eu-vor to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's dominions -} or Amc* * shall be fefpedively given and publifhed in such manner as is and from and k herein after mentioned (that is to fay) if the prize or prizes lhalJ after 15 Dec. have been, or shall be condemned, in his Majesty'shigh court ,,r6,» f ^°fc or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then* the person c r C^;v^tnced persons, agent of agents appointed, or to be appointed, in put- alJ r„. fuance of the (aid ad for the appraifement and fale of such prize fu-ui by of prizes, shall infert and publifh, or caufe to be inlerted andt-e -Sents> ir ' '* pumilhed, foch notification under bis or their hand °r iiands re-

fpediveiy in the London Gazette; and if condemned in any court jn the London pr courts of admiralty in any other of his Majesty's dominions, gazette; then such person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid, shall and, if con-‘ infert arid publifli, or cable to be inferted and publifhed, such notification under his or their hand or handsttfpedively in the King's domi-

Szette, or feme other news paper of publtck: authority, of thenions, in the and or place where the prize or prizes shall have been, or gazette, or T (hsdl be, Condemned; and: if there shall be no gazette or such °*he^ news paper publifhed there, then in fome or one of the mod	pub-

publick news papers of fitch Hlan<j or place for the time being: lie authority; and all petforis or agents publifhtng, Or caufing to b£ publifhed, and where every frich notification refpefttvely, shall deliver to the coHedtor, tl‘crc . cuftomer, or fearcher for thetime being of his Majesty's customs JJne^of the” m refidine at,‘6r belonging to, the port or place where rile prize or mod publick prizes Than havebeen,or(hafl be,condemned,ofthtlawfiildeputy news papers \or deputies bf such collector, Cuftomer, or fearcher, and if there place; r\ffia11rbe n6 fueh coHc&or, cuftomer, or fearcher, then such per-	®

di^gerits as aforesaid (hail deliver to the principal officer or zettes, or Officerit of the port or place where tile prize or prizes shall have news papers, peert,6tfliafH*, condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies ^red^y*"

‘	D	3	oftb«n

38	Anno tricesimo tertio Grorgii II, c. 19.	[1360.

collector, of such principal officer or officers, two of the gazettes or other cipal officer*11 news P3Pcrs* *n wh»ch ffich notifications shall be fo ipferted and of the port 5 publi(he<J; and if there shall not be any publick news pap$r& in and if there any such ifland or place, then such person or persons, agent qr shall be no agents, shall give two such notifications in writing, under Kis paoer^ theT* or t^lcir refpedhve hand or hands, to the (aid collector, cuftomer, are then to or Marcher, or the deputy or deputies of such collector, cuftq-deliver two mer, or fearcher, or where there shall be no such colle&or, cu-notification* ftomcr, or fearcher, to such principal officer or officers, ,or hia or whTch^are'to	or	deputies	aforefaid	j and every such collector, cube figned^y	or	fearcher,	and	principal	officer	or	officers,	or	fucb de-

the colle€tor, puty or denudes, shall fubferibe his or their name or names on or other fome conspicuous part of both the said gazettes, news papers, Scer*^ or wr*tten notifications refpedtively, and by the first (hip which one whereof	(after	his	or their receipt of such gazettes, news papers,

is to be tranf- or written notifications refpe&ively.) from such port or place to mined, by the any port of Great Britain, shall tranfmit or fend to the treasurer ' the treasurer ^1C royal hospital, or the deputy of such treafurcr for the of Greenwich ^me being, one of the said gazettes, newspapers, or written hofpita!, notifications, with his or their name or names fo fubferibed to and to be re- and upon the fame refpeftively, to be there regiftered* and shall P^crf^th*rC5 faithfully preferve and keep tne other of the said two gazettes, to be kept in n?ws PaPcr*% or written notifications, with his or their name or hiscuftody. names thereon fubferibed as aforesaid, in his or their cuftody; The agent'* -and that in every such printed or written notification, as aforesaid, P*a*c ot . the said person or persons, agent or agents, shall infert or fpecify the day^nd bis or their place or places of abode, snd the precife day of tfyc year appointed month and year appointed for the payment of the several and re-for payment fpedtive (hares of the prize or prizes to the captors: and all ot the (hare*, such notifications with refpedl to prizes condemned, or to be in	condemned, in Great Britain, shall be publilhed in the LtwUn

fication; Gazette three days at lead before any part or parts, (hare or and thofe con- proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any pep-demned in fon or persons intitled thereto; and all such notifications wirb refpedl to prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in any other 3 days, part of his Majesty's dominions, shall be delivered to the said and thofe in collector, cuftoiper, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers oth«r a af°rcfaid refpedtively, or such refpedtivc deputy or deputies, to the cblilec^d three days at leaf! before any part or parts, (hare or proportion tor, See. 3 day* of any such prize or prizes shall be paid-to any person or per-alfo before fons intitled thereto.

payment is H. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That o|athe ffiarc$y ^Qnl a^ter	day SePtem^er one thpufand seven bun-

3 days pre-S dred ar*d	and every person and persons, agent and agents,

vious notice appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of the said adt, by tbe also to be pub- flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers, or affi-' lifhed m like cer^ compapjes or (hip's company, and others of any of Jtvis agents^inW* Majesty's (hips or yefi^ls of war, for the diftribution of any bounty London ga- bill or bills, given or granted by virtue of the said act, shall in-zette, of the fert and pubJifh, or caufe to be inferted and publilhed, under his qr tfieir hand and haqds* in the tynden Gazette, three days

bills?	7.	.	?l

39

1760.] Anno tricesimo terrio Georgii II. c. 19.

at kaft before the payment or diftribution of any such bounty trill, or bounty bills, publick notification of the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such bounty money, and shall infert in every such notification the place or places of hk or their abode.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That Where public in all cafes where any publick notification hath, during the pre- notification fent war, been given, or shall be given, before the refpedfive {^c"*v°n times herein before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Qf ^ p»yj*n# Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions, of raent of prize the payment of any prize or bounty money in refpedt of any of or bounty fcis.Majeftv's (hips or vefTels of war, and the particular and pre- {jjjj®®** da Q|^ dfe day whereon such payment did or shall commence, and the commence- ° name or names, and place or places of abode, of the person or ment of the persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the payment, appraifement and fale of any such price or prizes, or diftribution of any such bounty money, was not, or shall not be fet forth fn(j Jbode* and fpecificd in such publick notification; the person or persons, hath not, or agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraife- not be * ment and fale of every such prize or prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in bi» Majesty's high court, or other court of ad- for prize" coti-tniralty in Great Britain, or for the diftribution of any such demnedin bounty money, fhall, on or before the twenty fifth day of De- Great Britain, amber one thousand seven hundred and sixty $ and the person ^ibufion of-or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for t\'e bounty the appraifement and fale of every such prize or prizes condemn- money, are ed, or to be condemned, in any court or courts of admiralty in on or before any other of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any or his ^nd^or thofe°5 Majesty's plantations in America, fhall, on or before the first day condemned *111 of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and the any other of person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed the Briti/bdo-for the appraifement and fale of every such prize or prizes con- ™in,0“* Amc-demned, or to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's ^ or dominions, fhall, on or before the twenty fifth day of March befoYe 1 June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; refpedtivelv give 176*1 notification under his or their hand or hands refpedUvely, of a.nfci tho^e the precife day of the month and year appointed forthe payment of the (hares of such prize or bounty money refpedttvely ; and March, 17/*; shall fpecify in every such notification his or their place or places to §ivcju>tifi* of abode: ^and all such notifications shall be publifhed, or given nation of the arid delivered, attefted and tranfmitted, by and to such person appotnte^for and persons, and in such manner, as the notifications to be pub- fuchpayments, lifhed or given, after the said first day of September one thousand and to fpecify seven hundred and fixty, the first day of February one thousand also their place seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty fifth day of ^fai/notifil-Dtcembtroot, thousand seven hundred and sixty one,refpe£tively, cations to be are herein before dire&ed and required to be publifhed, or given delivered, at-and delivered, attefted and tranfmitted.	tefted, and

IV. And be it further enacted by'the authority aforefaid,

That if any person or agent, appointed or to be appointed for C(j. appraifement or fale of any prize or prizes taken or to be taken ,

P4

from

Digitize

49	A|)f9tri(fcfimo	tcrtio	GloJtoti IL	[iiyAo*	*

from the enemy by any of hieMajefty's (hips dr veflcls bfwar^ or for the diftnbution of any bounty money, fbd lnegfed or refute to pubKfh, give, or deliver, any notification dlredeiof niMRi«^upi»» required by the said former adtar this ad to be pobhfotd, given, turn, (; or delivered, or shall not pubKQt, gird, or delivery ady foch notification, for such fpace, before the payment of any part df such prize or bounty money, or'within the times herein before .refpcdively limited, or in the manner herein before appointed, or shall not fet forth and fpecify therein, the matters and things ^herein before directed to be fpecificd and fet forth,' every fodb person or agent (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the furo of one hundred pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeit tool, forfeitures infli&ed or impofed by the said former ad; to be aUCr3naidesVC W°vcred hy adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information* in any ^c.^TnAiaed' his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or America^ or by the former elfewherc, in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which noof-•«i	foin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one iw-

parJance, shall be allowed : and if any collcdor, cuftonrter, or and colledors, fearcher, of his Maiefty's cuftoms, or principal officeror officers, &t«ocfufingt(° or	deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall negled o* refufe to

receive or to atteft, or shall not tranfmit or fend any foch ga-fotfcit, iool. •	»$tte, news paper, or written notification as aforesaid, in foch

Idfo*	manner as is before direded, every such coliedor, cuftomef,

^	or fearcher, principal officeror officers, or such deputyor depts-

;fi -	.	ties, fo Offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the foqn

of ppe hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the fimfor manner as the above penalty is direded to be fued for and vb-coifcred*	.

Thcno.ifica- «* V^Atwi be it further enidled by the authority aforesaid, tfoni fy >ranf- That the notifications in all such gazettes, news papers,‘and in iriltteflVAttft- writing ftfpedively, as aforesaid, which shall befo tranfinrtted ftered fCgi 8n<*	by	fuch	collcdor, cuftomer, or fearcher* or principal

1	officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, aid

•	regiflered at the (aid royal hofpital, on proof of the hand writing

: <	of such ccjledor* cuftomer, fearcher, principal officer of office**,

'	ordeputy or deputies, from time to time, and atall times, (hill

be good and fufficrent evidence in all his Majesty^s courts Of 6^/iderttity an* ^J^ty, ^bat the person or persons whofe name or hatnes of thragehts/ or are -therein fet forth and fpecificd as the agent or agentsJfbr the prizes or prizes therein refpedively mentioned, is onarc foch agent or agents. . n , It	VI.	And whereas no provifion is made by the said recited a& Vo

; - i- eibiige the regijiers of the admiralty courts in Great Britain, dufyfto r l]t '	regijier, or keep proper lifts or accounts of letterr of attorney ewbihited

° V , ^ or delivered to them to be regijiered: and whereas it will tend to the « benefit of thefaid hofpital iffuch letters of attorney were duiyregijiered\ and copies of such regijiers tranfmitted to the treojurer of the said hof-Alt letters of	be	it	therefore	enaded by the authority aforesaid. That

attorney ex- from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand hibited by (even hundred and fixty, the regifter or regifters of his Majesty's

agents, are to high court of admiralty, and of all other courts of admiralty in

beduiyregu 9	,

Acred by tie ^	*reat

Ageou. ntg-feftl*\gprrcfu-fingio publifh or dejiver anr

§769.3 Anno triodimo tertio Gtofton >11. c; jg.	1

Grmr BritSfwi (hatt* from'ttme'to dme, duly efflftand'tfegifttr; or cattfe to be entered or Tegiffered, in One of more book! Or ,*** bodkvtwtteby'hbnorthem kept fbrthat purpofb bnly, all let*- ^ + day* after • ter® of atw*neytha« (hail beesthiblted ordeliVetted'tO thfem after being'exhibit, die faidtwenty ninth day of September one thoufandfeven hun- ed, dred qnd forty, by any agent or agents fbr any priatOf prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's (hips orveflefsbf Star, ■er by any agent or agents, for the receipt and diftributien of arty bounty hill of bills, within fourteen days after thetkffie fhali be fo exhibited or delivered to such regifter or nfigifterS Ns of their rripe®ive offices; which regiftry shall contain thte day of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of thle. prizes taken, or of the (hips of war or privateers of the enemy, taken, burnt, funk, or otherwlfe deftroyed, together with the names of the (hips or veflels by which such prizes shall have '	>	-

been taken, or by which such Ihips of war or privateers of the	>	"

enemy lhall have been taken, burnt, hank, or otherwifedeftroy-ed ; and the said regifter or regifters (hall, on the twenty fiseth	‘	•	'

day of March, and the thirtieth day of	,	or	within	.	.	.

foitydays thereafter, in every year, tranfmit or deliver unto the "hereofto be* treafurerof the said hofpital, or to the lawful deputy of such trea- tranfmitted > t farerfor the time being, a true copy or tranlcript under his dr by them, half-theif hand or hands of all such entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half year; and if such regifter or regifters shall nCg- thVhofViuS tie® or refufe to make and keep such entries, or to tranfmit or	*

deliver such copies thereof as aforesaid, within the >refpefltiVe times herein before limited for that purpofe, he or they fhaU, for every ftich offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to1 be recovered by a® ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information. In S“J?Snt,tJr of •any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no eflbin, pro- fo”*“,ns 1 ■ * tefftion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

'flail be allowed.	<

.• VH. And be it further enacted by the authority'aforefaid, one moiety of Thai! all penalties and forfeitures given and granted by this a®, all forfeiture* Audi be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, arid *® i(5° to the the ocher moiety to the ufe of the said rtsyal hofpital. '	'

' Vili. And be it further ena®ed by the authority aforesaid. ^.,0. >ly. -That aft penalties and forfeitures, and pam of penalties and hofpitalj ■ < forfeitures given or to be given to the ufe of the (aid royal hof- Tbofe given to pital by this present a®, or any other a® or a®s of parliament, K‘i ffl,. fluftl and may be foed forand recovered in the name of the be lued'for m nailer or governor* or of the lieutenant or deputy governor fbr the name of

the time being of the said hofpital.	.thereafter,

. ., ,	.	governor, or

.	,	deputy	gover-

' aor,

- 1 >	•	'	C„

CAP.

Got . e

4*

Anno tritefimo tertio Gtofton II. c.ito. [r^ou CAP. XX.

Jn aft to enforce and render mare ejfeftual the laws relating to the qualification of members to fit in the bcufe of commons.

Preamble, re-TTPHEREAS by an act pajfed in tbe ninth year of the reign

in ait CAnnx * * *f ^er b?te ma)efly Sfttsen Anne, intituled, An act for fecur-a 9 nnx, ^ freedom of parliaments, by the farther qualifying the members to fit in the house of commons, it was enafted, That •	no person Jbould be capable to fit or itote, as a member of the houfe

•	of commons for any county, city, borough, or cinque part, within that

part of Great Britain called England, tbe dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, who Jbould not have an eflute,

,	freehold or copyhold, for bis own life, or for fome greater cflate, either

in law or equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what would fatisfy and clear all incumbrances that might off eft tbe fame, lying or being with* in that part of Great Britain called England, tin dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the refpeftive annual value therein limited; videlicet, Tbe annual value of fix hundred pounds, above reprizes, for every knight cf a Jbire \ and tbe annual value of three hundred pounds, above reprizes, for every citizen, burgefs, or baron of the cinque ports: now, in order to enforce and render the (aid a& more efTe&ual, be it ena&ed bl the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the determination of this present parliament, every perfon, except as is herein after excepted,

. . who shall be eleaed a member of the house of commons, (hall, excepted) before lie prefumes to vote in the house of commons, or fit forethey aft, there during any debate in the said house of commons, after are taddiver their fpeaker is chofen, produce and deliver in to the clerk of the said Imqfe, at the table in the middle of the said houfe, and haute i* fit- whiift the house of commons is there duly fitting, with their tmg, a figned fpeaker in the chair of the said houfe, a paper or account figned ilhedule of by every such member, containing the name or names of the tucir refpcc- pari(h, townfhip, or precind, or of the several parilhes, town-(hips, or precincts, and also of the county, or of the several counties, in which the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie, whereby he makes out his qualification, declaring the fame to be of the annual value of fix hundred pounds, above reprises, if a knight of a (hire ; and of the annual value of three hundred pounds, above reprises, if a citizen,, burgefs, or baron of tho cinque ports; and shall alfo, at the fame time, take and fub-feribe the following oath ; videlicet,

All Members in future par Laments (not

tive qualifies tions.

and take and

fubferibe tbe

following

oath.

I A. B. do Jwear, That I truly and bona fide have such an efiate in law or equity, and of such value, to and for my own ufe and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and

above



1760.] Anno tricefinw *eitio Geor<Jii II. c. 41.	43

above what will fatisfy and clear all incumbrances that may affett the fame, as doth qualify me to be elected and returned to ferve as a member for the place 1 am returned for, according to the tenor and true meaning of the afts of parliament in that behalf; and that such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie as deferibed in the paper or -account Jigned by me, and now delivered to i the clerk of the houj)	,

of commons.

So help me God,	t	:

And the said house of coownont is hereby impowered and re- which it to be quired to admiaifter the said oath and fubfeription, according adminifteied to the directions of this aSt9 as occafion shall be, from time to time, to every person duly demanding the fame, immediately after the ufual after such person shall have taken the oaths of allegiance, fii- oaths of qua-pretnacy, and abjuration, at the said table : and the said oath ideation have and fubfeription herein before directed to be taken and made,bccu uken 5 shall be entered in a parchment roll, to be provided for that # d purpofe by the clerk of the house of commons; and the dholes to bo " papers or accounts fo figned and delivered in to the (aid clerk as filed, aforesaid, shall be filed and carefully kept by him*

II.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforesaid, That Any member

if any perfon, who shall be eleAed to ferve in any future pariia-	to

meat as a knight of a (hire, or as a citizen, burgefs, or baron hereto **** of the cinque ports, shall prefume to fit or vote as aforesaid as

a member of the house of commons, before he has delivered in or without be-fucb paper or account, and taken and fubferibed such oath as j„g duly qual aforesaid, or shall not be qualified according to the true intent lined, his and meaning of the said recited afl, and of this a<5 $ his election etoftion is Qull be and is hereby declared to be void, and a new writ shall raTlafo bciflued to eleft another member in the said perfon's room. jflke. v

III.	Provided always, That nothing in this a£t contained pcrfpm ex^ < shall extend to the deleft fon or heir apparent of any peer or cepted out of -lord of parliament, or of any person qualified to ferve as a knighttbe

of a fhire, or to the members for either of the univerfities in qtf**ifccaiH>D. that part of Great Britain called England, or to the members for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXI.

An a£t for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money oat Of the

finking.fund, for the service of the year onetitoufand seven hundred

and fixty.

Preamble. s,6os,7061. 90. 9 d. granted to his Majesty oat of the finking fund. Claufeof loan. Tallies otiaan to be (truck. See. Orders regiftered and paid in courfe. No fee for regiftering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the fame day 1 nor if fubfeqaent orders be paid before such as were not demanded	»

in courfe. Orders afiignable. Cgmmiffionert of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies. Claufes in the land tax a£l relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. Bills difeharged to be cancelled. The bank of England authorized to advance the said fum of 1*60**706). 9*. pd. notwithstanding the aft of 5 Sr 6 Will Je Mary.

CAP.



Mil v

tk.fi1

yt.-i f '

;

v

t .n, . f'i»n•«'. .. VfO fill A/ 4 i 1

v TffU'M

•44.	Anno	tri^eftmo	tartip	GeorGH	II.	c.	zz, [1769.

•:i-; \ ■ -	cap..xxii. -f! '-..•■wi..*

An a8for	limiting,	conf dkdbetter ri^blatih^

payment of the weekly allowances made by aft'of parliament, for the maintenance	Juppaff

'	tbmfehei during the aof militia men, emhcdecdavd

ordered out into aSnal feroice; and	ft	much

of an all made in this feffton of parliament, intituled. An act for punilhing mutiny ana defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, as relates to the militia when embodied and in	;

and for explaining and amending certain parts of tbe laws now in force,for tbe better ordering of tbe militia forces [f;.	, rn that part of Great Britain England.

Preamble, «. \\f HZREAS by anatl	in tbe thirty firjl year of his Md-

cittnfecfaiufci	YV jtftfs reign, intituled. An act to explain,	amend, and cn-

r,ia.a<ti>Ge«. force an aft, for the better ordering of the militia forces in the **>n,iri 1 " ' several counties of that part of Great Britain called England; it ( is enaffed, That when any militia man	be out into	aUual

fervice, having a family not of ability to fupport tbemfehes during ,i- ‘,"1" - 11 hi' abfettce,tbe overfeer or overfeers of the	where fucb family

? JhsU refute,Jhall oHow to futh family fucb weekly allowance for their fupport, until the return of Juch militia man,

•j.h 1-. • •	any one Juf Ice of the peace; Juch allowance to be reimbursed out of

-ir	the county flock by tbe treasurer of the county, and that futh treafurer

, s • '']< ... Jhall be allowed the fame m his accounts: and whereat under the au-f-.'thorityof the/aid	aft, fundry payment to fetch families

exceeding the fums necejjary for their fupport:

■ ‘	<	perfons having large families, have ben accepted and infilled as

\	Jlitutes,hired men, or volunteers in the militia, and are now in ac-

I ' r i. J ■	tual service \ in confequence whereof, larger fums have been raifed

and paid fir the purpofc aforesaid, than necejftty required: for re-.‘1 .	medy wneTeof; be it enafted by the King's molt excellent raa-

•' • c jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual '	'.JJ',and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

Overfeer*to bled, 'and by the authority of the same, That if any militia ^oor°rates bv man who lhall have been accepted and inrolled as a fubftitute,

- orderof i^me or as a hired man, or as a volunteer, before the palling of this juftice, a aft ; or if any militia man who lhall have been chofen by lot, weekly al- whether before or after the palling of this aft, lhall, when epi-t«Wd”nrtflU bodied an<f called out into aftual fervice, and ordered to march, ■families of leave a Family unable to fupport themfelves, the overfeer . or ‘militia men overfeers of the poor of the parilh, tything, or townfhip, where embodied jpid the family of fuftv militia man fhali dwell, lhall, by order of cMled out into fome one justice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief, of proTOrtionate'^ P°°r such parilh, tything, or townfhip. pay to fueftfa-' to the ufual tnily a weekly allowance according to the ufual and ordinary price of la- price of labour in hulbandry, within the county, ridings divi-bounnhnf- f,on} diftrift, or place, where such family lhall dwell,i>)i,the

hour in hnf-bandry with*

follow-

 boogie

f^So.j Anno triccfhno ?cttib GtoRoii'ir.1 c. 24.	-45

following rule; that is to Ay; Fotvonft child under the age of '*> the county, W m ife	P&*1 of ©lie.day's labour; for two c^il<jren un- "J “

dorjnS age aforesaid, the pnee of two dsfys labour; for three or tbe cjJp fodiChildren under the age aforesaid, the price of three days la- dren $ bouf ; for five or more children under the age aforesaid, the price and where the offourdayslabour; and for the wife of such militia man, the J™!	f*!1

price of one day's labour : , and m every pari(h,tything* or town- ft n^atei* * (hip, vwhere the money arifing by such rate* mall not be fuffi- to be made * cifnt jfer jtbc purpofe aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made and the over-fQr railings fumfufficient for that purpofe ; and every such week- fc?rs are to be 1 y allowance shall be forthwith reimburfed to the overfeer or over-	out

feersof such pari(h, tything, or townftup, by the treafureroF the of the county county, riding, or place, where such parifti, tything, or town- dock, fhip shall be fituate, out of the publick (lock.

II. Provided always. That no family of any militia man. The families who shall not have been chofen by lot (except the families 9^ Slen °* fh.^U such fub(litutes, hired men, or volunteers, who lhalf ha\fe Sftn accepted and inrolled before the parting of this ad) (hall,* after Jot, and of * the pairing of this alt, be intitled to, or receive any firth week- ehcJfabftituses,

ly allowance.	^ired ™ena *

7	and volun-

teers, already inrolled, are intitled to such allowance*

HI. And be it ena&ed, That the treasurer of every county, riding, and divifion (hall, and is hereby required to keep exalt and diftinft accounts of all the monies that (nail have been To by him reimburfed to such overfeer or overfeers as aforesaid, in pursuance of the dirdtions of this all; and (hall, at the end of every (even calendar months, return the said accounts, together with the accounts which lie shall have received from the several treasurers, of the cities, towns, liberties, or places, to the office of the treafurer** remembrancer of the court of exchequer.

every

Treafurer of the county to keep and re-turn an account of the monies reimburfed by him, or other trea-furers, to tne overfeers, into the exchequer 7 months.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaQed, That in all cities. Where any towns, liberties* divifions, and places, which fere not liable to ^ty.orPl*®c contribute to county rates by virtue of an all made in the twelfth ^ *b|cn£y ^ year of his Majesty's reign, intituled. An ail for tbs mors eafy fl Geo *, to djfejfing^tolleilihgy and levying of county rates; the juft ices of the contribute to Ipelfce for Iveiyiiich city, town, liberty, divifion, and place, at JF^t1**** fenyYeflions of meeting, of the greater part of them then and apSnta there aflembled, may and shall appoint a treafurer, and lhaH treafurer, id affds upon every parish, tything, townfhip, hamlet, or vill, with- alfefs each in the limits of their refpcHive jurifdtHions, in such proportions panfh.&c.proas' the fates heretofore made For the relief of the poor have been [h^r°ufualt0 ufdaTty afleflfed, and shall caufe to be paid out of the money pp^ ratef' ‘fciTIelted atfd levied for the relief of the poor of every such pa- m a furo fup-rifh, tything, townfhip, hamlet, or viil, into the hands of such £icnilo ***£-treafiiret4, ftich fum or fums of money as they in their difcrction ^[feers^the fhatl think fufficient for reimburfing to the overfeer or overfeers wcefcly of the federal parilhls, tythings* townlhips, hamlets, or vills, lowance? paid within the limits of their refpellive jurifdillions, the amount by them. , of the weekly allowances paid by such overfeer or overfeers to

the





4$	Anno	trideflmo tertio GEorgii IL c. m? f1760.

>t	1	1	*

' fht families of the rhilitia men refiding within their refpfdtivw ‘ ' \-x ' jurifidi&iohs as aforefaid; and every such treasurer (hail forth-Yt .	,	with reimburfe the fame to every luch overfeer or ovcrfeqrs, ap*r

ebrdinefy r and such treasurer is hereby required to keep exaefc trW^/an	accounts of all the monies that shall have been Sq

acppj^t the P»d into his hands, and fo by him reimburfed to such overfeer mpftifM fo re- or overfeers as aforefaid; and (hall, at thie end of every fix ca^ CtXui\ v ^endar chonths, tranfmit the said accounts to the treafiirer of the or riding of which such city, town, liberty, divifion, and er of thjtooun- pliee, is, by an z£l made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his, ty every (6 , present Majesty, intituled. An atl for the better ordering of the mi-m	ittia fonts tn the federal counties of that part of Great Britain cal~

{ '	-	led England, united with and made part of, for the purpofes

of the said a<5h

Treafiirer of y. Provided, That the treasurer of the city of Lincoln^ and of ^ncplnC to county the &id city, shall tranfmit his accounts to the trea-traqlmit * furer of the divifion of Lindfey within the county of Lincoln. hh &cotmts to the treasurer of Lindfey divifion.

Provl^e<* always, an^ b® lt cna&cd, That the treafuifcr

imbiufe'tp TC'anY county> riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, overfeers any within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, who (hall, after the money on ac- palling of this atf, reimburfe to any overfeer or overfeers of the v^eRl ^allow Poor	an^ Pari^» ty thing, townmip, hamlet, or vill, any fum

an^ to the * °* fums °f money tn purfuance of the directions of this a<ft, on families of account of the weekly allowance to the family of any militia man snlgtia men, ferving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, ferving in any divifion, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town. It-than*that tr berty, divifion, or place, where such family mall dwell, shall wherein such deliver or tranfmit an account of such money as he shall have fo ftrmlies dwell, reimburfed, as aforesaid, figned by one or more jufticeorjuftice* t^-t0 of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, account there- or pl^ce, where such family shall dwell, to the treasurer of *he of, figned by county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, in the a|u|rce>tothe militia whereof such militia man shall ferve; and thereupon the treasurer to whom such account shall have been delivered or wherehTfuch tranfmitted as aforesaid, (hall, and is hereby required, to pay to men ferve,and the treasurer who (ball have fo delivered or tranfmitted such ache is to reira- count, the fum or fums fo by him reimburfed to such overfeer Wfethtmtheor overfeers, and shall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

'	VII. And, for avoiding all unneceflary expences on account

foments and	^ie Pay ^ie °®cers militia when embodied and called

battalion*, to out into a&ual fervice, be it enacted. That the pay of every re-which com- giment or battalion of militia, to which the commiflions for I°®ccrs ^avc not been and given, purfuant to the dir were not afi regions of the feveraf acts of parliament for the better ordering figned before the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great s May, 17(10, Britain called England, before the first day of May, one thousand and of all in- seven hundred and fixty, and of every independent Company of companies militia now embodied and in adhial fervice, when it (hall, after nowembodied its return home, and difeharge from such adtual fervice, be and in aftual again embodied and called out into adtual fervice,* shall be ifiued fervicci when ‘	and

1760.] Anno tricefcm? tesrio GeqrgjIII. c. 2ju	47

and paid according to the following oftabljihineni; that is tathe fame shall (ay. The fiild officer* of a regiment (which, when embodied.return home ^ and tri a&ual fervice, shall in no cafe confift of more than twelve ^ companies, nor left than eight companies, of eighty private t»en again etrrtxw at the mod, and sixty private men at the lead) intitled topay, ed and *d!Wd^ dull be one colohel, one lieutenant colonel, and ooe major antf where the number of private men shall amount to five com-panies, or to any number under eight companies, such militia bli(hfoent;*]r.J flwfl befbrtried into a battalion, with one lieutenant colonel and To every re^r-f one major, and no other field officer intitled to pay; and where the number of private men shall amount to three companies, or *	/	'	<	3

to any number under five companies, such militia (ball also be , lieutenant^ * formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, and no other colonel, and field officer intitled to pay ; and in each regiment or battalion » maior '> of militia, there shall be intitled to pay a number of captains, JalTon^of or' lieutenants, and enfigns, equal to the number of companies inmQre poinpa- t , such regiment or battalion ("grenadier companies excepted, nies, i	t

wherein there fhali be one captain and two lieutenants intitled colonel, and t to pay) and in every such regiment or battalion there shall ™ndTo'everv 7 iritftled to pay one adjutant, one quarter-mader, one furgeon, inferior baZ ; ■ one ferjeant-*major, and one drum-major, and a number of fer- lion, i Ireatl 11 jesnts and corporals, in the proportion of one feijeant and one cotoxri; . corporal Uy twenty prirate men, and also two drummers to each	1

company; and mevery county, riding, and place, and in every ^6 enfigus, ' cfcy and town, being a county, within the pan of Great Britain equal to* be ' aferefaid, and in the ifle of Jrigbty and in the town of Berwick number of upon Tweedy where the number of private militia men shall not	m	y

be fufficient to form a regiment or a battalion, according to the (except gre- -intent and meaning of this ad, the following edablifhment shall nadier comjfnu taiLe- place therein.; and the militia thereof, and the officers ofnies,wherein ' such militia, (hall, when embodied and in actual fervice, be	%	:

titled to pay accordingly; that is to fay, The militia of such jieStenants) * ' counties, ridings, places, cities, and towns, and of the said ifle ftaff-officers: K of tVigbty shall be formed into independent companies, each t adjutant, company confiding of eighty private men at the mod, and fixty	■	*

private men at the lead; and to every such company there shall fageon. n be intitled to pay, one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, t ftrj? major, * and a tmmber of ferjeants and corporals equal to the number i dnrm-major,■ j herein before allowed to a company of militia: and it shall be with ferjeants, lawful for his Majedy, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, to join toge-	an

ther any number of such independent companies, and therb- To the inde-with to form a battalion or battalions, or to incorporate them pendent com^ with any regiment or battalion, regiments or battalions, of mi- Rar”®s liria, but fo as the number of companies in any such regiment and°otherS * or battalion do not exceed, or (all (hort of, the number ot com- places, parties of which a regiment or battalion of militia isiierein be- t captain;

fore refpedtively allowed to confift,	1 linttfawmt^- *

r	4	i ennytr, with <

ferjeants and corporals. Independent companies may be formed into battalions; or incorporated with- other regi menu, See.

VIII. And whereas doubts have arifen, whether a lieutenant of any county% riding, or place, can ferve as a colonel in the militia for	"t''

fuch	r





48	Anno	triccflmo tertio GfioRGil'' II. C. 44.	[17<x>.

Lieutenants of fab county, ridings or place, be it therefore declared and enadfced aa^colonefs	aut^°r*ry	aforefaid,	That	it	(hall	be	lawful	for	the lieu-

where noco-** tenant of any county, riding, or place, to a<5b as a colonel of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, riding, or place, for and during such time or times as there shall not be any colonel appointed for the command of the same regiment or battalion; but no lieutenant shall at any one time zA as a colonel to more than one regiment or battalion.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That where his Ma-jefty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, (hall, under the powers given by this zA, ferve as colonel to any body of militia by this zA deemed a battalion, he shall not, when (uch battalion shall be embodied and in adtual fervice, be intitled to or receive any other pay than that of a lieutenant colonel; and that no other person whatfoever shall ferve, or be intitled to pay, as a lieutenant colonel in fuch

^rfon to ferve battalion, during the time that his Majesty's faid lieutenant or be intitled shall ferve therein as colonel; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it enacted, That where the number of officers in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, now embodied and in a6tual fervice, exceeds the number by

looel shall be appointed; but not to more than i regiment or battalion;

and is to receive pay as lieutenant colonel only, when fenring with any bat-talion embodied and called out; and no other

to such pay, during luch time.

So many offi cers now em-

hpdied and in this zA intitled to pay under the eftabliftiment aforesaid, fuen and fo many of them of each refpe<5tive rank exceeding the number fo intitled to pay, (hall, within two months after the paffing of this zAy be exempted from adtual fervice, as shall defire fo to be; and no officer fo exempted shall be intitled to or receive any pay as an officer of the militia.

fervice, as shall defire it ; but they are not to be intitled to pay.

XI,	And whereas it might conduce to the better difeiplining of the militia, if the adjutant of each regiment or battalion was allowed to be a commiffionea officer in the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the paffing of this zA it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, to grant unto the adjutant of each regiment or battalion a com-miflion of lieutenant, or any inferior commiffion therein, if he shall think fit, although such adjutant shall not have the qualification mentioned in this or any former zA; and such adjutant shall be and is hereby freed and difeharged from all penalties and forfeitures for taking and holding (uch commiffion, or adting as a commiffioned officer in (uch regiment or battalion, without having such qualification; any thing herein, or any former zA or zAs, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if the number of private militia men within any such city or town, as aforesaid, shall not be fufficient to form one company according to the eftablifliment aforesaid, then, and in such cale, the private

formacompa- militia men of such city or town shall be and be deemed part of,

the are to be anc* ^erve *n! ^omc c°mPanY or companies of the militia of deemed part the county or riding to which such city or town is, by an zA

made

fervice, as exceeds the number upon the eftabiiih-xnent of pay; may be exempted from

Lieutenants or inferior commiffions may be granted to adjutants, tho* they want a legal qualification ;	.

and they are indemnified for holding the fame.

Where the men of any city or town IhaU npt be fufficient to



Anno tricesimo tfirrio Gborgii II. C. aa,	49

(hade in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled* An ofjtodtofrrve

dft for the better ordering of the militia forces, in thefevtral counties JrV ^m5 c?™~ Of that part of Great Britain called England, united, for the pur- county, ic. * pofes therein mentioned y and the deputy lieutenants and juftipc* to which fiich' of the peaqe of and for the county or riding to which such city city or towa or town is fo united, as aforesaid, (haH, in such cafe, have full *^3*/ power.and authority to adk within such city or town, with re- amTthe^p, . ipe<5t to such matters only as (halj relate to the militia thereof, lieutenant* in the fame manner, and to all intents apd purpofes, asjHeyare and juftices by law impowered and required to adk, with refpedt to the mi- .maya^there^ litia of any other part of such county, riding or place; any do^in any ^ thing herein* or in any other adk, contained to the contrary not- county, with withrtapding.	refperf to the*

Xlil. And whereas fome doubt bath arifen, whether certain pro\ thereof. vifsons contained in an act tHade in this present session of parliament, ah the prori-tntituled, An adk for punishing mutiny and delertion, and for the lions in the ' better payment of the army and their quarters, do at any time, or mutiny adt in any cafe, extend to tbe officers of the militia and private militia men; it is hereby declared and enadked, That from the time are to extend: that any regiment, battalion, or independent company of mi-	f

litia shall be drawn out and embodied, until they Ihdll be re- drawn turned again, by order of their commanding officers, to their embodied, a* refpedkive parifhes or places of abode, all the provifions contain- to tbeJCwg1* ed in the said adk relating to officers and foldicrs muftered, lifted, regular for<?o*» Or iri pay 1ft his Majesty's fervice, do and shall equally extend ^52n!ft as to, and talce place, in refpedk of the officers and private militia otherwise fpe-men of every such regiment, battalion, or independent corapa- dally provkU ny of militia refpedkively, excepting only as to such particulars Cr ^ as are br shall be btherwife fpecially provided for by any adk or sfuima adks of parliament for regulating the militia forces within that part of Great Britain aforesaid.

XI Vi And whereas by a clause in an act made in the lof session The claufein of parliament, intituled, An act for enforcing the execution of the aft ^Gco. the laws relating to the militia; and for ferhoving certain dif- ^^oMhalV Acuities, and preventing inconveriiencies attending, or which of^he^ualifi-may attend, the fame; it is enadked, That one half of the eftates cation of dep. thereby refpedkively required for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants lieutenants* and of the captains, lieutenants, and enfigns* of the ^of militia in the ifle of Etyi in the county of Cambridge, shall t>e (halt lie Situate or arifing within the said ifle, from which provifion fome within the said inconvenience has been found to a rife ; for remedy whereof, be ifle, is r e-it ehadted by the authority aforesaid. That so much of the said ' r clause as requires that one half of (uch eftates shall be fituate or ™ny arifing within the said ille of Ely, be, and the fame is hereby in ElvorCam-rcpealed j and that one half of the eftates by the said fecited adk bridgeihire j refpedkively required for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants, and of the captains, lieutenants, and enfigrls of the mi-litia, in the said ifle of Ely, shall be fituate or arifing within the said ifle, or fome other part of the county of Cambridge: and	-

in cafe any person shall adk as a deputy lieutenant, or as a cap- notbeing1^** tain, lieutenant, or epfign of the mifiiia, in the said ifle, who lifted, iatiU Yol. XXIII. •	E	fhall

5<>

fame as with-in any other county.

Preamble.

Anno tficefimo tmio Georgii II. c. 23,24.	[1760«

(hall not be refpedively qualified in such manner as by the said recited clause (fo far as the fame is not hereby altered) and by this ad is required, every such person shall be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as any perion is fubjedt and liable to for ading as a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, within any other county or place in England, without being qualified according to the ads of parliament now in force relating thereto.

cap. xxin.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Aim of money towards paying off and difcharging the debt of the ifavy; and towards naval fervices, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fixty.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for railing 1,500,000!. Treafury may raise the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax ad of this feifion, concerning loans or exchequer bills thereby to be made out. The claufes. See. iu the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans or exchequer bills to lie made forth in purfuance of this ad. The exchequer bills lb made forth, and iftbed to the treafurer. of the navy, not to be received again in payment of any tax, nor exchanged before *6 March, 1761. nor may any adion lie for such refufal. The principal and intereft, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next fupplies j and if none fufBcient be granted before 5 July 1761, they are then to be paid out of the finking fund ; and the monies fo ifiued are to be replaced out of the firffc fupplies. The bank impowered to advance on the laid credit of loan, any fum or Aims not exceeding i,<oo,oool. the ad of 5 & 6 W. Sc M. not-withftanding. Appropriation of the said money; viz. 1,000,0001. towards difcharging the navy debt; and 500,000!. towards naval fervices in general.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for applying the money granted in this	of -

liament, towards defraying the charge of pay and ing of the unembodied militia, for one year, ending the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and	fixty one; and for explaining certain parts of the afts

for the better ordering of the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, relating to the money to be given to private militia , upon their bang ordered out into aftual fervice; and to the cloaths of private militia men •, and to the time of the commencement of the pay of the embodied militia.

WHEREAS the sum of eighty thousand pounds has been granted to his Majifiy, upon , towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied militia, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such militia may be duly and properly defrayed and fatisfied, be it enafted by tne King's in oft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ptefcot parliament a&mbledv

. .	and





vjBo."] Anno triceiimb tefrid GfioRGiI It. C. 24*'

and by the authority of the same, That within ten days after Where pay that his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his abfence, any three de-puty lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, within that the lieutenant* part of Great Britain called England, where pay has not yet been or deputy lieu-iflued for the militia according to law, shall have certified to the tenant of the commiffloners of his Majesty's treasury, or high treasurer for ^^"n^certU the time being, that three fifths of the number of private militia fiedTo the * men of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of the treasury the militia, of such county, riding* or place, have been chofen and actual inroll* inrolled, and that the like proportion of the number of the com- nir*nt million officers of fuch' regiment, battdlion, or independent company, have been appointed, and have taken out their com- cers required millions, and entered their qualifications as is by law required, to be inrolled* his Majesty's faid lieutenant, or, in his abfence, the said three pajr* deputy lieutenants, shall also certify the fame to the receiver of clothing are receivers general of the land tax for such county, riding, oriffuable, place; and when any regiment, battalion* or independent com- arc to certify pany of the militia, of any county, riding, dr place* within the the fame also part df Great Britain aforefaid* that shall have been embodied ^neraUf the and called out into aftual forvice, shall be difembodied and re- fand tax * turned home by order of their commanding officers, and there- and also the by be no longer intitled to the fame pay as the officers and pri- r*tu*n of an^ rate men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, his Majesty*s lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which embodied and fiich regnhent, battalion, or independent company shall belong* called out, or, in his abfence, any three deputy lieutenants, (hallcertify to"Jj?1chh^?.ll4bt the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for such county, and^eturoed

riding, or place, that such regiment* battalion, or independent home.

company* is difembodied and returned home as aforesaid ; upon receipt of which certificate, such receiver or receivers general Receivers ge* of the land tax shall iflue and pay the whole fum$ required for m^ke^fTues of the several ufes herein after mentioned ; that is fay, For the pay 4 months pay of the said militia* for four calendar months in advance from the in advance, date of such certificate, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each fr??1 *|iedate adjutant, where an adjutant is by this aft allowed $ and at the catw accwd-rate of one (hilling a day for each ferjeant, with the addition of jng to the two (hillings and fix pence a week for each ferjeant-major, where eftablifhment a ferjeant-major is by this aft allowed; and at the rate of fix °f PaT hcre pence a day tor each drummer, with the addition of fix pencelct dow|1*

H day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is by this aft allowed; and also at the rate of one (hilling for each private militia many wkh the addition of fix pence to each corporal, for every day in which such private militia man, or corporal, shall be refpeftively employed in rite militia; and also at the rate of two (hillings for each private militia man, with the addition of on* (billing to each corporal, for his march on the Monday and Saturdays IVhitfun Week, to and from the place of general ex-ereife y rand also at (he fate of five pence a month for each pri*

■race man* and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment,battalion, or independent company of militia; nd also for half a year's falary for the clerk oi each regiment	j	*

£2



oi*eut



Anno tricesimo tcrtio GeorgIi II. c. 24.	[1760.

to the regimental and battalion clerks, and the allowances to the clerk of the general meetings 5 and clerks of the AihdiviU-on meetings} and aifo pay for cloatbing

of militia, or of the battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the refpe&ive allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several fubdivifion meetings, at the rates following; that is to fay, To the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting; and also for the cloath-ing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, where the militia hath not already been doathed, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man, and at the rate of two pounds for each drummer, and at the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each ferjeant.

Where certi- II- Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That in every such ficates, as a- county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain afore-fbrefaid, have faj^ for which hjs Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his abfence, any been received, tbree deputy lieutenants, shall have certified to the purpofea-forefaid, and received the cloathing for the militia thereof, which shall not have been embodied and called out into actual

fervice; and in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the militia (hall, after having been embodied and called out into a&ual fervice, be difembo-died, and be returned home by order of their commanding of-. fleers, and thereby be no longer intitled to the lame pay as the ^ncraTarTto °®cersand private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot make the ufu- receive, and such return shall have been certified as aforefaid; al iftues, with- the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for every such out any new refpc&ive county, riding, or place, shall make the ifliies or pay-that pun^fc menls aforesaid, without any new or other certificate made for p ^ * that purpofe.

The money to HI* And be it ena&cd, That all such fums of money afore-be paid to the said (except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the clerk of the meetings aforefaid) shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers

baua^ion °r &encral lhe lan<* tax> *nt0 t*lc hands of the clerk or clerks of a a ion ; the regiment or regiments, or of the battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and feal of his Majesty's lieutenant for and for inde- such refpedtive county, riding, or place; and where the militia pendent com- foalj bc form€d

into an independent company or independent rerpSive*** companies, such fums as aforesaid shall be paid by the (aid re-captains or ceiver or receivers general of the land tax into the hands of the to their order, refpective captain of each independent company of militia, or to such person as such refpc&ive captain shall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, A fecondpay- (haft have been appointed to confift: and such receiver or re-, (bmade^with- ce*vcrs general of the land tax shall alfo, within fourteen days in ” months a^tcr rite expiration of the third calendar month from the time after the first 5 of the said first payment, make a second payment for four ca-•	lendar

Die . :ed by

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24.	53

lendar months in advance ; and shall alfo, within fourteen days and a third, after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four ca- (he^cond!17 lendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before Receipts of mentioned : and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such the perfonsto captain of an independent company, or captains of independent companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or cap-	^if-

tains shall fo authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall charge the re-bc a fufficient difeharge to such receiver or receivers general ceiven gene-of the land tax for the several fums of money fo by him or them ral*

paid.	The clerks are

IV. And be it ena&ed, That the clerk of each regiment or to pay one battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such fums month in ad-of money as aforesaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendar J2”utant and month's pay in advance to the adjutant, and fourteen days pay todays to the in advance to the ferjeant-major and drum-major of such re- ierjeant-major giment or battalion refpeltively; and to the captain or com- and drum- « manding officer of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two months pay in advance for his refpeltive com- \ pany, and for the contingent expences thereof; and fo from vance to the time to time fo long as any money on that account shall remain captains, for in his hands: which pay every such captain or commanding of- t.hcir ^fp*0-ficer is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging ?°ini>a" to his company by this alt intitled to receive the fame, as it who are to di-(hall become due; and shall once in every year give in to the tribute the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such company shall fame abe-belong, an account of several payments he shall have made in account purfttance of this alt, and shall pay back to the said clerk the for the fame furplus, if any, of the money by him from time to time receiv- yearly to the ed, and then remaining in his hands, except the money by this and pay alt allowed for contingent expences, for the difpofition whereof ,{^^7 provifion is herein after made: an<J the said money allowed for and also the* the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion of militia, balance of the (hall, once in every year, be accounted for by the captain of money allow-each company refpeltively in manner aforesaid, and the balance gent°c^ntUl~ thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk of the j^ncesi regiment or battalion to which such company lhall belong, to which is to he be applied to the general ufe of the said regiment or battalion, applied to the

as the them

ie field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part °f recimenu n, (hall, at a general meeting, direlt: and the captain of Captains of each independent company is hereby required to diftribute to independent each person belonging to his company intitled thereto, such companies to . money as he (half receive by virtue of this alt; and the said ^^ to^heir0 money allowed for the contingent expences of each independent men^nd accompany of militia, shall be refpeltively applied to the particular ply the money life of such independent company by the captain thereof.	allowed for

V. And be it enalted, That the said regimental or battalion £ont,nSent ^ tferfc may and shall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo aerk to*r©^

■ him received, such further fums as shall complete the allow- tain in his * '	E3	juice	bands money

$



54	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	Georgii II. c.24.	[1760.

for his own ancc herein before made for bis /alary 5 and fiich regimental or fa ary; battalion clerk shall pay to such person or persons as shall pro-\ duce an order from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from the com-the doathin^ manc^ng officer of such regiment or battalion, and such captain bill*. ° of an independent company, or such person as shall be by him appointed for that purpofe, shall pay and difcharge such fums of money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing of the said militia, not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

time^he*16	Provided	always,	and	be it enabled. That where any re-

troops are giment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or shall embodied,and be embodied and called out into a&ual fervice, and thereby the called out into officers and private militia men are or fl)all be intitled to the a&ual fervice, fame pay as t^e 0fgcers and private men in his Majesty's other all pay from regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers the receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which celfc. 1110 rcg*ment* battalion, or independent company of militia, shall belong, whether to the adjutant, ferjeants, private militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for the The clerk of contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or independent the general company of militia; and also the allowance to the clerk of such meetings is to regiment, or battalion, (hall, during such time of aftual fervice, fcoCnct ceafe, and nor be paid.

upon produ- VII. And be it enaded, That the said receiver or receivers ring an order general of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general from the lieu-meetings his allowance, at the rate of live pounds five (hillings amfthe clerks ^or meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for of the fubdi- that purpofe from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three de-vilion meet- puty lieutenants aflcmbled at fome general meeting or meetings, upon ingS } and shall also pay to each and every the clerks of the fub-Fike order * ^iviiion meetings their (everal allowances, at the rate of one pound from the de- one (hilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order puty lieute- or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy Iieute-mms' A-c ™nts aflembled in the several fubdivifion meetings; which faid ^^^^“‘order or orders shall be to the find receiver or receivers general recefveis ge- °f the landtax a fufficient difeharge for the payment of such al-neral.	lowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

Regimental VIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That the clerk of and battalion each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to his clerks to give Majesty's lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which security tor such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond to his accounting Majesty in the penalty of one half of the fum required for the tor the moniet whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to received by which such clerk shall belong, for duly anfwering and paying them j such fums as he (hall, from time to time, have received, and b^o^d'wTth ^^Jy “counting for the ft** <»nd for ^fonnwee of the the receivers truft hereby m him repofed; which faid bond shall be lodged genera), and in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax put in iuit by for the refperiive county, riding, or place, who, in cafe the said iwiTerform11 reg^meata^ or battalion clerk shall not duly perform the condi-ahce'ot'the" tions comprised in.the said bond, (hall, and is hereby required conditions)	forthwith

1	•	•	V



15r6b.j Anno tnccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24.	55

forthwith to put the laid bond in fuit in the name of his Ma-?n^ 1tJ'f7are jefty, bis heirs, and fucceflors; the full cofts hnd charges of which fuit shall be paid by the said regimental or battalion c£flj an(j clerk, to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, charges, who shall like wife be intitled to and receive to his or their own and 5*- Pf* ufe* at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account vered j for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's the refidue to revenue, the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax be accounted charging himfelf or themfelves therewith upon the next account thc au~ of the land tax to be by him or them palled.

IX.	And be it enabled. That the clerk of every regiment or The regi. battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- ™cntal *"4 pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the cierics^d part of Great Britain aforesaid, (hall, between the twenty fifth captains of day of March, and the twenty fifth day of June, in the year independent one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, deliver to the recei- companies, ver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, fn^cccmnts^ or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent of their recompany shall belong, a fair account in writing of all monies by ceipts and did him received and diiburfed for the service of the preceding year burfements, in purfuance of this a<3, with proper vouchers for the fame; and balanc^ shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of the t0 the recei-land tax any furplus of such monies that shall be then in bis vers general; hands ; which faid accounts, figned by such regimental or bat- who ar.c talion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company re- a™untsinto fpe&ively, shall be traofmitted by the said receiver or receivers the auditor's general of the land tax into the office of the proper auditor of office.

His Majesty's revenue.	T.

X.	And be it ena&ed, That in cafe his Majesty's lieutenant	\0

of any county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain take proper aforesaid, shall negledt to take such security as aforesaid, from fecurityot the the clerk or clerks of his or their refpeftive regiment or regi- clerks, or to ments, battalion or battalions, of militia, or to depofit the fame bonds1 with in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax, t^e receivers for the fame county, riding, or place, such his Majesty's lieu- general; tenant shall be anfwerable to such receiver or receivers general	anfwer*

of the land tax for any lofs of public monies fuftained by the	^

default of fqch clerk or clerks.	fuftained by

XI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That all penalties, their default* all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money for which gecoyery of gny person or persons is or are by this a & made anfwerable, penalties, &c. may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty*s courts of record at Wejlminjler$ by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eiToin, wager of law, or prote<ftion, nor more

than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII.	And\ to obviate and prevent all doubts that have arifen, or may artfe, eonferning the claim of militia men in afluol fervice, to the guinea allowed, by the said all paffed in the thirty fiirjl year of his Majeftfs reign, to every private militia man ordered out into aftual fervice> and by the said aQ directed to be paid to every such private

E 4	militia

56

Annp tricesimo tertio Georgii II. C. 25.	[1760.

receive the guinea allow-ed by aft $1 Geo. 2.

and the receivers general are to pay to the cap-

militia man, by their refyeftive captains, on or before the day ap-Every militia pointedfor their marching; be it enafted and declared. That every Smoaftu 1 Pr*vatc mihtia man, who has, or shall have been ordered out fervice^ is to iPt0 a<^ua^ fervice, whether at the time wheh the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which such private militia than belongs, has belonged, or shall belong, was or shall be first embodied and ordered out into aftual fervice, or afterwards, and who shall not have received the guinea fo allowed as afore-faid, (hall, in confideration of his having been fo called out into aftual fervice, be, and be deemed to be, intitlpd to, and (hali receive, one guinea from the captain of the company to which such private militia man refpeftivply doth, did, or shall belong, or have belonged; which captain shall receive from the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof such company doth, did, or shall tains the mo- refpeftively belong, fo many guineas as now are, or shall be fo £V»hadi86r ^uc' anc* amount thereof shall be allowed to such receiver that accountn or rece‘vcrs general of the land tax, in his or their accounts.

No fee to be XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no fee or paid for jffuing gratuity yvhatfoever, lhalJ bp given or paid, for or upon account warrants for of any warrant or fum of money, which shall be iflued in rela-No militia tion to or in purfuance of, this aft. '	^

man untrain- XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no private ed before palT- militia man who shall not have been trained and exercifed being this aft, fQre the pafling of thi$ aft, (h^ll be intitled to hiscloaths for his

his^doaths0 0wn u^e' Unt1^ *ie ^ave ^erv^ f°r r^e fpace three years, until he has ^ unembodied ; or for the fpace of one year, if embodied and ferved 3 yean, in aftual fervice, after delivery of the said cloaths.

If unembo- XV. And whereas doubts have arifen upon an att made in the year if fa*ac-' thirtieth year of his present Majeffs reign, intituled, An act for th^ tual fervice." better ordering the militia forces in the several counties of that Aft 30 Geo. 2. part of Qreat Britain called England, with regard to the time when the pay of the officerj of the mtlitia arid private militia men which have been, or fall be, ordered out into actual fervice, ought to com-Officers and mcme ; it is hereby further declared and enafted, That the offi^ men are inti- cers 0f militia and private militia men are and shall be in-

tied to pay, from the date

titled to pay, from the day of the date of his Majefly's warrant if the war- for drawing out and embodying the said militia; any thing rant for their herein, or in any othpf aft, contained to the contrary notwith-being drawn ftanding. out and cm-	0

Wied,	CAP.	XXV.

Jn aft	for continuing certain laws relating to the additional

number of one hundred hackney chairs, and the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chains.

Preamble, re- VIT'HERE AS so much of an alt made in the twelfth year of citing claufes V V the reign of his late	as	relates	to	the	additional unm~

jn aft 11 Geo. for 0 f 0Be hundred baclney chairs therein	,	and olfi feveral

elaujes relating to the jurisdiction,	,	and authorities, of the

(emmijioners for licenfingand regulating hackney coaches and ,

anc)



1760.3	Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II: e.a5.	57

and ofjuflices of the peace, and the rules, penalties, and forfeitures, orders and directions,■ in the afts herein after mentioned, dr* ex-piring : and whereas by an act made in the third year of the reign and 3	»

of his faid late Majejly, the rates, duties, rents,	payments, grant-

ed by, or mentioned in, former afts for licenfing hackney coaches and chairs, w*r*	perpetual^ fubjeft to redemption by parliament;

*/ /V therefore proper that so much of the said act, made in the twelfth year of his Majefly's reign, as relates to the said additional . nutnber of hackney chairs, and the said several claufes, rules, penal-ties, forfeitures, orders, and directions, jhould be in. force, during the continuance of such rates, duties, rents, or payments aforesaid \ be it therefore enafted by the King's tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act, So much of made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King the recited George the First, intituled, An aft far granting an aid to his Ma-jejly, by laying a duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and the additiomS ale within the cities of London and Wcftminfter, and the weekly number of bills of mortality; and for prohibiting their fending beer or ale out of hackney their houses to dijlant places in any pots or veffcls lefs than a gallon; ^'condn'ued and also for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to thole al- b^fe^raKub-ready licenfed; and for applying certain arrears of former land taxes fequent a fts, towards the fupply granted to his Majejly, for the service of the year »to be in one tboufand seven hundred and twenty fix; and for appropriating £orc{'for .ruch the fupplies granted in this fefflon of parliament; as relates to the „Myformer additional number of one hundred hackney chairs therein men- aft relating tioned, which was to continue in force for eighteen years, from to the licenf-the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and in£ hackney twenty fix ; and which, by another aft made in the sixteenth chair/8(hall year of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until have continu* the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ance. fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, shall be, apd is hereby, continued in full force and effeft, for and during such further time as any former aft relating to the licenfing of hackney coaches or chairs, or any part of such former aft, shall be in force and have continuance.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That The claufes the fever?! claufes in an act made in the ninth ycar q( the rpignin the pf her late majesty Queen Anne, (intituled. An act for licenfing 9 and regulating hackney coache^ and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecu-ring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poji office, apd by several duties on hides and' skins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred apd feventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatifaftion of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty's occajions) and in an to Anns^ aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majesty (intituled. An act for laying several duties upon all fope and papeir

fiadf





5?	Anno	triccfimo emio Georgii II. c. 26.	[1760.

wadi in Great Britain, or imported into the fame\ and upon chequered and flriped linens imparted; and upon certain Iilks, callicoes, linens tmd fluffs printed, painted, or ftained; and upon several kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifvnents, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred tboufand pounds by way of a lottery, towards bar Majeflfs fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney ihairs \ and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better flooring her Majeflfs duties to arife in the office for the ft amp duties by licences for marriages, and otberwife; and for relief of per-fons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have left exchequer bills or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, port of the capital of the South Sea company, for the ufe of the n Anns, publish) and in one other ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid late majesty (intituled. An ail for explaining the ails for licenfing hackney chairs) and also in an ad made in the first year of the reign of liis late Majesty King George the First (in-and 1 Geo. i, tituled. An act for better regulating hackney coaches, carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, ^riWiSio tbC ^ tills of mortality; and for preventing mifebiefs octd-Und power* offiime^ b	drivers riding upon such carts, drays, carrs,	and wag*

the commif- £***) relating to the jurifdidion, powers, and authorities of the fieoers {jar li- com milfi oners far licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and cenfing, &c. chairs, and of juftices of the peace, and the rules, penalties, coache/and lorfeitures, orders and diredions,therein mentioned ; which •chair*, are to several claufes were to have continuance from the several be iu force times of the commencement thereof, for the refpedive terms during such therein mentioned ; and which, by an ad made in the sixteenth othe^pavt'of Xcar his Preknt Majesty's reign, were further continued un-the saidafts til the twenty fourth day of June, one rhoufand seven hundred ^relating to the and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session licenfing, &c. of parliament, lhall be, and are hereby, continued in full force and efifed, for and during such further time as any other part of the said ads relating to the licenfing of hackney coaches or -chairs, lhall be in force and have continuance.

hackney coaches, or chairs shall have conti* nuance.

CAP. XXVI.

An a3	for reviving and continuing Jo much of an aS made

in the twenty first year of	Majefty's	at

relates to the more ejfetl trial and of high treafon, and mifpnfion of high , in the highlands in Scotland ; and aifo for continuing two other ails, one made in the nineteenth , and the other made in the twenty first year of bis prejent

tiny relate to the more effectual difarming the highlands of Scotland, and for securing the peace thereof.

Preamble; re-	W THEREAS	fa much of. an ail made in the twenty first year

citing (.Uufei* V V of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An a<2 for in a£t» tt ' the more effectual trial and puniihment of high treafon in the Geo»-	•	•	'	"	highland*



i?6o.] Anno tricesimo trnio Georgii II. c. 16.	0

highlands of Scotland*, and far abrogating the pra&ieeof taking

down the evidence in writing in certain criminal profecutioos $ and for making Tome further regulations relating to fheriffs de* putes and ftewarts depute, and their fubditutes; and for other purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the trial and fmmftment of high treafon, and mifprifionof high treafon, committed in the highlands of Scotland, is now expiring; andalfo so much of another aft made in the nineteenth year of his present Majefly's reign, intituled, j9 Geo. a*

An act for the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland; and for more efiedualiy securing the peace of the (aid highlands; and for redrawing the ufe of the highland drefs; and for further indemnifying such persons as have aded in defence of his Ma-jeftv's person and government, during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland for not performing the northern circuit in May* one thousand seven hundred and forty fix; and for obliging the madcrs and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children and youth, to take the oaths to his Majedy, his heirs, or fucceflors, and to regidcr the fame; as relates to the more effectually difarming and Jecuring the peace of the highlands of Scotland; and also so much of another l|Mj	qc0

aft made in the twenty firfl year of bis present Majefly's reign, intituled, An act to amend and enforce fb much of an ad made in the nineteenth year of his Majedy's reign, as relates to the more effedual difarming the highlands in Scotland, and redrawing the ufe of the highland drefs; and to madersand teachers of private fchool6, and chaplains; and to explain a clause in another ad made in the fame year, relating to letters of orders of epifoopal miniders in Scotland; and to oblige perions allowed to carry arms, and the diredors of the banks there, and certain persons belonging to, and pradifing in, the courts of fefiion and judiciary, to take the oaths ; and to repeal fome claufes in an ad made in the fird year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fird, whereby certain encouragements arc given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who Chould continue in their duty and loyalty to his faid late Majeftv; and for other purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the difarming of the highlands, art near expiring: and whereas all thefe afts have been found ufeful and beneficial to the publick; be it therefore enaded by tbe King's mod so much 0f excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the the fird recit-lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- *dad of ** liament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That fo 9*°' *• **rc“ much of the (aid fird mentioned ad made in,the twenty fird tHai#and pu-year of the reign of his present Majedy, as relates to the trial nifhment of and punifliment of high treafon, and mifprifion of high tteafon, high treafon, committed in the highlands of Scotland, {hall, from and after ^d mifpnfion the fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, be trea" revived, and shall continue and be in force for the fpace of further conti-fewen years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion nvtcA for 7 of parliament.	years.

‘ IU And be it further enaded by the *pt}u>rity afofltftid, That	f	e

foad»ofi9&



Gq	Anno	tricefimo tercio Gcorgii II. c.27.	[1760.

1o much of the two other ads made in the nineteenth and twen-

*f1ateto the* *¥ Ycars	rc*8n	°f	h*8 present Majesty, as relate to

moreeffcftu* the moreeffedually difarming the highlands of Scotland, and fe-ally difarming curing the peace thereof, fhalj be, and are hereby continued, the highlands, and ihall be in force from the time limited for the expiration further conti- thereof, for seven years, and front) thence to the end of the then Jear.. 7 P«xt session of parliament,

CAP. XXVII.

An aB to repeal so much of an aB pajfed in the twenty ninth year of bis present Majefty's reign, concerning a free market for fifb at Weftminfter, as requires fijhcrmen to enter their fifhing veffels at the office of the fearcher of the cufioms at Gravefend; and to regulate the fale of fijh at the first band in the fifh markets in London- and Weftminfter •, and to prevent falefmen of fifh buying fifb to fell again on their own account; and to allow bret and turbot, brill and pearl, although under the refpefiive dimen-. /tons mentioned in a former aB, to be imported and fold; and to punifh persons who shall take or fell any fpawn, brood, or fry of fifh, unfizeable fifh, or fifh out of fea-Jon, or finelts under the fisce of five inches; and for other purpofes.

Preamble, re-	®	^	®	A	S by an aB made in the twenty ninth year of his

piting adt* V V present Majeflfs reign, intituled. An act for explaining, a-*9 Gea a. mending, and rendering more effedual an ad made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled. An aB for making afree market for thefale of fif).) in the city of Weftminfter ; and for preventing the forejlalling and monopolizing of fifh; and for allowing the fale of fifh, under the dimenfions mentioned in a clause contained in an aB of the firJl year of hit late Majesty 5 reign, in cafe the fame are taken with a hook , it was (amongft other things) enaBcd, That if any fifherman, or other person or persons whalfo-ever, mafler or owner of any fifhing Jhip, Jhop, fmack, or fifhing . tUjffil, coming from fta, or other person having the conduB of such fifhing Jhip, fioop, fmack, or fifhing veffel, natives or foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing, or vending of fifh, for the fup-ply of the cities of London and Weftminfter, Jhould break bulk or make fale of their fifh, or any part thereof, between Harwich and the Nore, or Margate and the Nore, to any person or persons to fell again, or Jhould not enter their Jbip, [loop, fmack, or other fifbing veffel, at such place or places, and within fuck time as therein was, and hereinafter is, mentioned, or Jhould keep any fhcll fifh, or other fifb wbatfoever, in such their Jbip, fioop, fmack, or other their fifbing veffel or veffels, or in any well-boat or jlore-boat, after such their arrival, fo as not to fell off their whole cargo of fifh within the fpace of eight days, to be reckoned from the day of such their arrival at the $Nore as aforefatdy and thereof Jhould be conviBed before one or more 

XjSo.] Anno tricesimo tertio GeoRgii ll. c. 27.

of his MajeJlfsjuJltces of the peace for the counties of Kent ot Ef-iex, or before the mayor, recorder, or'fuch aldermen for the time . being, who bad power to oft as jujlices of the peace within the corporations of Queenborough or Gravefend, on his, her, or their . own confeffion or confejfions, in writing under his or their hand or bands, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wltnejfei\ . which conviction Jhould be final', and without any appeal whatfoeiter 5 such Jhip, Jloop, fmack, or fijhing vejfcl, boat, Jlore-boat, or other' boat, into which the said fijh, or any part thereof, Jhould be unloaded . or delivered, with all tackle, apparel, and furniture to the fume be- . longing, together with the whole cargo of such fijh, Jhould be forfeit-» id by the owners thereof, and difpofed of as therein after mentioned; such forfeitures to be levied by difirejs and fate, by warrant under the hand and feal of any one or more of his Majejiy's juflices of the peace within the said counties of Kent or Eflex, or of the said mayor, recorder, or aldermen, a Cling for the time being as magi-firates, within the towns of Queenborough and Gravefend* or such mayor, recorder, or aldermen, of any other corporate town,. between the said towns of Queenborough and Gravefend and the city of Weftminfter as afore faid; which warrant or warrants the find justice or juflices, mayors, recorders, or aldermen, was and were thereby impowered and required to make and ijfue accordingly, and to be directed to the high confiable, petty conjlable, headbotough, of tythingman, of either of the said towns of Queenborough or Gravefend, or any other towns as aforesaid, near unto where any such offences Jhould be committed, or where such Jhip, Jloop, fmack, or fjh-mg vejfcl, boat, Jlore-boat, or other boat, Jhould then be, to take and ftiTze the fame, and fell and difpofe thereof within fourteen days accordingly \ and one moiety or half part of the produce of such fale, after reasonable charges deducted, Jhould go and be paid to the informer or informers, as the said juflices Jhould appoint, and the other moiety to the trufiees appointed to put the said recited ad in execution, and for the purposes therein mentioned: provided neverthelefs. That in cafe any Juch fijhing vejfel was freighted or loaded with lobjlers, or wbofe part loading might be made up with lobjlers, and the fijher-men or other person or persons, natives or foreigners, who Jhould be owners of such lobjlers, or have the power to fell and difpofe of the same, Jhould fell off her whole cargo of such lobjlers, within twelve days after the arrival of such vejfel, at the place or places therein before appointed for that purpofe, and in all other re-fpeCts conform to the directions of the said ads ; then and in such cafe, the fale of the whole cargo of such lobjlers, Jhould be, and was thereby declared to be, as good a fale thereof, as if such fale had been compleated and made within the said limited time of eight days before mentioned: and it was thereby further enaded. That from ana af-> ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty fix, there Jhould be paid to his Majejiy's fearcher or fcarchers at Gravefend, for the certificate of the entry of the arrival of any fucb fijhing Jhip, Jloop, fmack, or other veffel or vcffels as aforesaid, the sum of two Jbillings, which was to be applied in manner follow ing j that is to fay. There Jhould be kept and retained by, and to the

ufc

62,

Anno tricesimo tertio Gioftdi II; c* 27/	[1760*

*/# of, the fend, ftarcher or farther:, yjr making out such certificatef fix pence; and the remaining one /billing and fix pence was thereby vefled in the said truflees, and was to be paid by fitch fearther or ftarcbers, from time to time, to the find truflees, or fucb other per-fin or persons as the Jaid truflees, or aky five or more of them* /bould, by arty writing for that purpofe under their bands and feats, direct and appoint; and which faid payment of one/billing and fixpencef on each fi/hing ve/fel as aforesaid, was to be applied by the said tru* flees, or any five of them, in the first place to pay such in* fpeftor or infpeftoks of the fi/hing vefiels,for his or their faid fervice, and for the charges of a boat, such yearly film, as the Jaid truftees, or any nine of them, /bould think was fit and reafenable for such fee*, vice 1 and if any Jitrplus arofe over and above, then to apply fucb furphts in the fame manner as the furplus arifing from the toUs and duties of the said recited aft, were dir tiled to be applied: and it was thereby also further tnafttd, That the mafler, owner, chief officer 9 or mariner, who /bould have the care or conduft of any fucb /hip, /loop, jmack, or other veffel or vc/ftls made u/e of for the catch* ing or importing of fijh as aforesaid, /bould within three days after the arrival of such fi/hing/hip, /loop, fmack, or other ve/fel or vejfels at the Nore as aforesaid, truly report the time of such arrival to his JMajeftys faid fearcber or ftarcbers at their office at Gravefend, or to the chief officer of his Majejly's cufioms there, who was thereby di+ refled and required to takenotice of and enter thefame ina book to be kept for that purpofe,and to give a certificate thereofto fucb ma/ler,owner,chief officer, or mariner belonging to tiefaidfi/hing /hip, fioop,fmack, or other ve/fel: and whereas the going to Gravefend, and the flopping there to report to his Majefly s fearchtr or ftarcbers at their office at Graved end, or to the chief officer of his Majejly's cufioms there, the time of the arrival of every fi/hing /hip, /loop, fmack, or other veffel or vejfels at the Nore, within the fpace of three days after fucb the arrival thereof at the Nore, hath been found inconvenient, and fometimes prejudicial, to the owners of such fi/hing /hips, /loops, fmacks, and vejfels, as by flopping to male such report or entry there, fi/hing/hips^ /loops, fmacks, and vejfels, fometimes lofi the tide, and cannot get to Billingfgate market to fell their cargo of fi/b there, until the next day's market; and the great penalties the owners of such vejfels are, by the said herein before recited aft made in the said twenty ninth year if his prefint Majejly's reign, liable to in cafe of the negleft or omif-fion of the ma/ler or other perfin, who hath the conduit of the fi/hing Jbip,/hop, fmack, or other fi/hing ve/fel (and in general is only fexvant to the owner or owners thereof) to make such report at Gravefend, as by the said herein before recited aft is direfted; and the not giving a power to appeal where the parties informed againjl deem themfejves aggrieved by the conviftion of a jufiicejf peace, tend to the difcourage* Went of the owners of fucb fijbing vejfels, who are at a confmerabU ex* pence to fit out such veffils to catch fi/h at fea; for remedy there* fore in the premifles, may it pleafe your moft excellent Maje» fty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of Che lords fpiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present

par-



1760.] Anno trtcefimo tertio Georoii II. c. 2^.	63

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That $0 much of from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand the recited seven hundred and fixty, so much of the said recited a61 made of 19 in the said twenty ninth year of his faid present Majesty's reign, 1# *• ^ as obliges the filhermen and others, mailers or owners, or hair- merfto enter* ing the conduct of any fiihing (hip, (loop, fmack, or fiihing vef-.and report fel, to enter their (hip, fmack, (loop, or other fiihing veflel, their veflels with his Majesty's fearcher or fearchers at Gravefend; and to the "lth *he payment to such fearcher or fearchers thereof the sum of two Gravefend lhiliings for the certificate of such entry ; and alfoto report the&c. repealed. ' time of the arrival of such fiihing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other fiihing veflel or veflels at the Nore9 as aforesaid, to his Majesty's laid fearcher or fearchers at their office at Gravefend, or to th© chief officer of his Majesty's customs there, (hail be and is here* by repealed.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That And such re-from and after the said twenty fourth day of June9 the mafter, own- port, for the er, chief officer, or mariner, who shall have the care or conduct* future, to be of any such fiihing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other veflel or veflels made ufe of for the catching or importing of fi(h as aforeiaid, ^arrfvalof (hall, within three days after the arrival of any such fiihing (hip, every veflel (loop, fmack, or other veflel or veflels at the Nore9 as aforesaid, with fifh at with any such fifh, truly report the time of such arrival of every ^ore,jo such fiihing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other veflel, tp the person who, £oaft offer the time being, shall ad as deputed clerk in the coall office, fice, London, under the collector outward in the port of London, at the Cujlom*

Hottfe in London, who is hereby diredted and required to take no- who is tomake tice thereof, and to enter the fame in a book to be by him pro-an entry, afid vided and kept for that purpofe 5 and also to give a'certificate there- g1**11* ? ccrtl; of, if required, to such mailer, chief officer, or mariner, who (hallhcatc crco * make any such entry as aforefaid; and that there shall be paid to fech faid perfon, who, for the time being, shall adlas deputed clerk at the said coall office under the colledlor outward in the (aid port of London, for receiving and entering every such report, and giving a certificate thereof, if required, the sum of two fhil- for which »s. Kngs, which shall be applied in manner following; that is to is to be paid; fay; The fum of fix pence, part thereof, shall be kept and re-6j. thereof to tained by and for the ufe of such person who, for the time being, go to the shall ad as such deputed clerk at the said coall office, under the clerk; and laid colledor outward, for receiving and entering every such report, and giving a certificate thereof, if required ; and the fum vs. 6d- to the? of on© (hilling and fix pence, the remainder thereof, shall from trufteesof the time to time be paid by such faid deputed clerk to the truftees of at the said filh market in JVeJlminJter for the time being, or such ftcr. person or peribns as the said truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, by writing for that purpofe under their hands, di-red or appoint; add the receipt of such person or perfoas as the	1

iaid truftees, or any five of them, (hall, from time to time, di-red <sr appoint to receive the remainder of every such two tbil* lings, ftiall be and is hereby declared to be^ at all times,, a full discharge to such faid deputed clerk at the laid coaft office, snw

der

6

 LjOoq le

64	Anno tricefirttO tertio GfioftGii tl. c. 27:	[i

der the collector outward, for the fame: and the money which shall be received by any such person or persons (hall, from to be applied time to time, be applied by the said truflees, or any five of to	ufes and parpofes as the money, by the said

* r * herein before recited a£t to be paid them by the said fearcher or fearchers at Gratoeftnd, Was thereby directed to be applied.

The mailer, M** And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That &c.negleaing if the mailer, chief officer, or mariner, who shall have the care or to make such conduct of any such filhing fhip, (loop, fmack, or other fifhing entry, forfeits, veflel or veffels, shall not, within the (pace of three days next “Sft, the arrival of such filhing (hip, floop, fmaek, or other veflel or veffels* at the Noret as aforesaid, enter, or caufe to be entered, every such filhing (hip, (loop, Attack, or other fifhing veflel or veflels, with such faid deputed clerk as aforesaid, at the said coaft office, under the said collector outward, then, in every such cafe, on information being given thereof on oath before any juft ice of the counties of Kent, Surrey % EJJix, or Atiddlifexj or of the cities of London or Weftfninjier, or before the mayor, v, recorder* or aldermen a&ing, for the time feeing, as magiftratesr within the towns of ShteeriboroUgk and Gritvefend, or before the mayor, recorder, or aldermen, of any other corporate town between the said towns of Queenborougb and Gravefend, and thef faid city of Wejiminjier, an3 ort such mailer or other person asr aforesaid, who shall have the care or conduct of any such fifhing fhip, floop, fmack* or other fifhing veflTel of veflels, as aforesaid, being convicted of having neglected or omitted to make fuchr entry as aforesaid, either on his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs* before any such juflice or ju-ftices, the owner or owners, of every such fifhing (hip, (loop,' fmack, or other fifhing veflel or veflels as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and if he re- IV. And be it also ena<5led by the authority atorefaid. That fufetor neg- every mafler, owner* chief officer* or mariner, who shall have jc^s to give the care or condu<$t of any such fifhing fhip, floop, fmack, or time 'a* ar^ ot^er	as aforesaid, thall alfo, at the time of his making,-

ticular andT" or caufing to be made, at the said coaft office, the report hereby true account required to be made by him, give to* and leave with, the said of the several person who, for the time being, shall a<5l as the deputed clerk at brou ht alive	coa^ °®ce> unc*er *he kid colle<ftof outward* a true and

to the Nore,** particular account, according to the beft of the judgment and in his vefleJ, belief of every such matter, owner, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, and either in writing or printed, of all firefh falmon* falmon trouts, turbots, and large frefh cod, and half frefh cod fifty, haddock, fcate fifh, frefh ling, lobfters, foies, and whitings, which shall be brought alive to the Nore in every fuch, fifhing fhip, floop, fmack, or other fifhing veflel, as aforesaid, upon he forfeits 20I. pain that the owner or owners of every such fifhing floop, Attack* or other fifhing veflel or veffels, whofe matter, owner, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall refufe, negledl, or omit, to give or leave such account, or who shall give or leave any falfe or untrue account thereof, fhall, on any such matter, owner* chief

-offi-



17^0.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27.	65

officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, being con vidted of anjrfuch offence, either on his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs of wirneffes* before any such justice or juftices as aforesaid, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the and if after fum of twenty pounds ; or it any such mafter, owner, chief of-	arrival,

ficer, or mariner, who shall have the care or conduct of any fuch	deilrov

filhing (hip, floop, fmack, or other veflel, or any other person on or throwT-board such tifhing (hip, floop, fmack, or other veffel, after her way anvof arrival at the Nore, shall wilfully deftroy, or throw or caft away, die (aid fill, or caufe to be wilfully deftroyed, or thrown or caft away, any n?1un* fifh which the said filhing (hip, fldop, fmack, or fifhing veflel, ™nmarkeu-° shall have brought from the fea that is not unwholefome, perifh- ble, &c. ed, or unmarketable, such mafter, chief owner, officer, or ma- be is liable to riner, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to {jthc^Qufe remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour, Df correction, for any time not exceeding two months, nor lefs than one and kept to ' month.	hard labour

for any time not exceeding * months, nor lef* than one.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Method of all the above mentioned forfeitures shall be levied by warrant recovery of under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any justice or efe]5ltu^c, juftices of the peace as aforesaid, by diftrefs and fale of the goods a °fC

and chattels of the owner or owners of the fifhing (hip, floop, fmack, or other veflel, whofe mafter, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall be convidted of any such offence as aforesaid, by any such justice or juftices as aforesaid, or by diftrefs and fale of the fifhing (hip, floop, fmack, or other tiftiing veflel or vef-fels, whofe mafter, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall have been convidted of any such offence as aforesaid, or of any nets, tackle, or furniture, as shall belong to any fpeh fifhing (hip, (loop, (mack, or other fifhing veflel or veflels, together with the cofts of every such diftrefs and fale; rendering the overplus, if any, after the money forfeited, and the cofts of every such diftrefs and (ale, shall be paid, to the person or persons intitled thereto.

VI.	And be it likewife enadled by the authority aforefaid,	.

That the person for the time being who shall adt as deputed	ot°

clerk at the said coaft office, under the said collector outward, ffce is to re-fha!!, from time to time, receive at the said coaft office evqry ceive and report which shall be there made, or offered to be made, of the n‘.ak® ?ntrY time of the arrival of every such fifhing (hip, floop, fmack, or repomor other veffel or veflels as aforesaid, at the Nore, and enter the arrivals, fame in a book to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe ;

and lhall alfo, from time to time, receive at the said coaft office every account which (hall, from time to time, be brought, or offered to be made there, of the fre(h faltnon, falmon trout, turbot, and large fre(h cod, and half frefli cod filh, haddock, fcatc fi(h, frefh ling, lobfters, foies, and whitings as aforesaid, which shall be brought in any such fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other fifhing veflel as aforesaid, to the Ncre; and shall alfo, from anj accounts time to time, with all convenient fpeed after any such account given in of fiib, of fifh as aforesaid shall be brought to the said coaft office, caufe on board (uch Vol. XXIII.	.	F	the	veffcl*i

66	Anno tricesimo tertio GeoROU II. c. 27.	[1760.

and the book* the fame, or the purport thereof, to be entered In feme book to in which such ^ provided by the said person who, for the time being, shall be made[C ° a& as deputed clerk at the said coaft office, under the said are to be kept collector outward, for that purpofe; and which book and books at the coaft	(hall, from time to time, be kept at the said coaft office, and

office, and	may ^ at ajj timcs m office hours there, examined into, and

minedebyX^y	.	......

perfon;	VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

and is to make That from and after the said twenty fourth day ot Jwse9 the [eturP! w*ck‘ person who, for the time being, shall aft as such deputed clerk WednefdaysJ* at the kid coa^ °®cc as aforesaid, under the said colleftor out-and Fridays! ward, (hall, on Monday, Wednefday, and Friday in every week, to the mayor	return, or caufe to be returned unto the mayor of the city of

of London,	London for the time being, in London; and to such person as the

fbn who ffiaT ^ truftees of the said fifti market at JVeJlminfter9 or any five of be appointed them, shall appoint, in the city of JVeJiminJier; and likewife to by the truftees the infpeftor as aforesaid, at such place as the said truftees, or for the fifh any five 0f them, (hall, by any writing figned by them, appoint Weft min fie r tllc ^arac to be ^ent to infpeftor, and give notice thereof, and alio to the to the persons who for the time being shall aft as deputed clerk infpeclor, at the said coaft office as aforefaid; a true account in writing, or printed, and in a fair and legible ebarafter, of the time when every refpeftive fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other fifhing veflel tries andre-H" as af°rcfeid, shall have been entered at the said coaft office as ports as afore- having arrived at the Non; and also of the fre(h falmon, falmon ' laid.	trout, turbot, large fire(h cod, and half fre(h cod fi(h, haddock,

fcate fifh, fre(h ling, lobfters, foies, and whitings as aforesaid, which shall have been entered at the said coaft office as brought to the Non in such refpeftive fiftiing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other fifhing veffel as aforesaid, upon pain that the person who, for the time being, (hail aft as such deputed clerk at the said coaft office as aforesaid, under the said colleftor outward, shall in any wife offend in the premises, and be thereof convifted, either on on forfeiture his own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more witnefs or of 51- f°r eve. witneffes, before anyjuftice orjufticesas aforesaid, (hall, for

Su ornegleft cvcrY °^encc> negkft, or omiffion, forfeit and pay the fum g * of five pounds. m firti r VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, its arrival at* That no ^ve falmon,1 falmon trout, turbot, large frefncod, half theNore, is to frefh cod, haddock, fcate, frefh ling, foies, or whitings, shall at be removed any time after the arrival thereof at the Non as aforesaid, be out of the vef- pUt imo any well boat or (lore boat from or out of any fuchfifh-e in w ic jng j]00p9 fmack, or other fifhing veffel or veffels as aforesaid, in which the fame shall have been brought to the Non9 upon pain that every person who shall offend in the premiffes, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and that no such fifh shall be unloaded or delivered out of any fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other fifhing veflel or veffels, unlefs by retail, into any other veffel or boat after such her arrival at the Non9 but into such veffel or veffels, boat or boats, as shall be employed to carry the fifh direftly to the market of

Bit-

6

was brought, into the ftore or well boat of any other veffel, on pe. toalty of 20I. nor may any fifh be delivered out of such fifhing veffels, unlefs by retail, in-





17^o.J Anno tricesimo tertlo GeoRGII II. C. 27.	By

BiFingfgate or lVeflminfler\ and that no such veflel or boat, af- to other vef-fpr such fi(h put therein, fliall afterwards loiter or keep from go-	cm*

ing, on diredly, and as foon as may be, to and for the market p|0yed to car-to which such veflel or boat is appointed or bound; and in cafe ry the fiih dir such veflel or boat, into which such fi(h shall be unloaded and redly to mar-delivered out for the market, shall remain above one tide with market her filh, after taking in the fame, in her way between the place veflels shall of such taking in and the market at Billingfgate or iVeftminfler as loiter on their aforefaid; or shall remain without delivering her fi(h there at or or bea^ before the next market, accidents of winds and weather excepted, ^ukinc ia eyery such person acting contrary to the said prohibitions, shall their loading, he committed to the house of correction, there to remain with- in arriving at put bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour for any time th« market, not exceeding two months, nor lefs than one month.	her there**

the offender'is to be committed to hard labour for anytime not exceeding % months, nor lefs than t.

IX. And be it further enaded by authority aforesaid, That The infpe&or the infpedor already appointed, and who shall hereafter be ap- is to examintf pointed under the (aid recited a#, shall from time to time cm* whether the ploy himfelf as the said truftees shall from time to time dired and appoint, in infpeding and examining whether the entries 7	*

amde at the (aid coaft office as hereby direded (and whereof copies as aforesaid shall be tranfmitted to him) were made from due to time, within the time the fame ought to have been, and according to the account which shall from time to time be tranf-mitted from the (aid coaft office to such infpedor, foas that such infpedor for the time being may the better difcover and prevent the frauds defigned to be remedied by the said recited ad, and an(J f ^ this present ad* and fee that no fi(h shall be put in any (lore or bc put well boats contrary to the intent of this ad; and if any such in- in any itore fpedor shall be negligent in the performance of his .duty, or or well boats shall wilfully mifbehave himfelf in the execution of his duty in contralto the preroiffes, he (hall, on being convicted of any such negled a&*nto* or wilful mi(bchavk>ur, either on his own confeflion, or the oath on forfeiture, of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles as aforesaid, for any neg before anyjuftice orjuftipes as aforesaid, forfeit and pay for ,c^» or w!,f^ every such negled or wilful mifbehaviour the sum of twenty of 2o^,aV,OU^,

^X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ^y buy^y That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no freih n(h to be person who shall fell, or be concerned in the fale of any fre(h fi(h fold again, ia by commiflion, shall diredly or indiredly buy or be concerned ^bichhc is to in the buying of any freih fifh to fell again for his or her own fe- jnterefted/* parate account, or for the joint account of him or herfelf and any	*

other person or persons wliatfoever: and if any person shall offend, in the premifles, and be thereof convided either on his or her own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-pefs or witnefles, by any such justice or juftices as aforesaid, on forfeiture every such offender shall forfeit and pay for every such offence of the sum of fifty pounds.

XI- And whereas by an act ofparliament pajfed in the fir/} year of Claufc jn ad 1 majefiy King George the Firjl> intituled, An *	>.

the reign of hi/ late

F 2

ad

>ogk



Bret, turbot, trill or pearl, may be brought to market, tho* under the di-

Anno tneefimo tertio Gborgii II. c. 27;	[1769.

a<ft for the better preventing fre(h fi(h taken by foreigners imported into-this kingdom; and for the prefervation of theiry of fifh; and for the giving leave to import Iqbfters and iurhots in foreign bottoms; and for the better prefervation of falnaoa within the several rivers of that part of this kingdom called Engr land; it is', amon^fl other things, enafted, That after the time in thf [aid aft mentioned^ no person Jhould bring to Jhore in that part of Great Britain called England, or fell, offer, or expofe to fale, or ex-change for any goods, matter, or thing, any bret or turbot which Jhould not be of the length or fize of fixteen inches from the eyes to the utmoft extent of the tail; or any brill or pearl, which Jhould not be fourteen inches from the eyes to the utmojl extent of the tail, under the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas bret or turbot, brill or pearl, are often taken in the fea with an hook, under the several dimtnfions in the fold lajl in part recited aft mentioned, and if thrown again into the fea, it is uncertain whether such thereof as nave fwallowed the booh, will afterwards live, or not 5 be it therefore further enadked by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, bret or turbot, brill or pearl, although under the refpedkive dimenfions mentioned in the said clause of the said laft recited adk, may be expofed to fale in England, any thing contained in the said laft recited adk to the contrary notwichftand-ing, fo as the fame be not by any person or persons, at any time

inchc0nS °^‘I ^ a^ter	twentY	day	of June, fold by retail, at a pnee

e^by^he^re-" or rate exceeding fix pence a pound for every pound any such cited claufe, bret or turbot under the said dimenfions of fixteen inches from lb as the fame the eyes thereof to the utmoft extent of the tail thereof, or any be (°,cl such brill or pearl under the dimenfion of fourteen inches from Semper lb.VC l^e eycs hereof to the utmoft extent of the tail thereof, shall weigh, and after that proportion for any lefler weight than a If any greater P°unc*: an<* if *nY Perfon shall alk, demand, or take, for any price shall be such bret, turbot, brill or pearl, under the refpedtiye dimenfions as aforesaid, any higher or greater price than at and after the rate of fix pence the pound, and fo in proportion for any lefler weight thereof than a pound, which any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall weigh ; or shall refufc or negledk to weigh and meafure any such bret or turbofc brill or pearl, which shall be expofed to or for fale, when required; every such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall be forfeited : and it shall be lawful for any person to feize any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, and deliver the fame into the bands of a conftable, and to charge be carriedf7o- such constable with the party who asked, demanded, or topk, gc-tber with • any greater or higher price than as aforesaid for the feme5 and every such constable is hereby required to carry the party fo charged, and also the bret or turbot, brill or pearl, which mall be fo feifed and delivered to him, with all convenient fpeed before fomc justice or juftices of the peace, within whofe jurifdic-tion any higher price than as aforesaid was asked, demanded, or taken, for any such bret or turbot, brill or oearl, which shall have been fo feifed: and if the person who shall be charged with any such offence, shall be convicted thereof, either on his or her

con-

demanded or taken,

or such filh shall not be weighed or meafured, if required, the fame may be feized, and

the party, before a juftice,





1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgia II. c. 27.	69

confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or and the of-#rtneffds, by any such justice orjuftices as aforesaid, every such fender, ujwm offender shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings for to forfeit 20s! every such offence, and the bret or turbot, brill or pearl, which shall have been fo feifed as aforesaid, (hall, by order of such justice or juftices, be given to the person or persons who shall pro-fecute to conviftion any such offender or offenders; and the and the money money paid for any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall be {?aid for the returned to the party or parties who paid the fame.	turned.

XII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June, no per- No frcflL fon shall fell, or expofe to or for fale, at the first hand, at any	hand^

filh market within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or at the market, within one hundred and fifty yards of any such fi(h market, and or within a during the market hours of any such fi(h market,any frelh falmon, certain di-Talmdn trout, turbot, large frelh cod fi(h, or half fre(h cod filh, n^^Vm^rket 'haddock, fcate fifh, frelh ling, lobfters, foies, or whitings, be- hoursf fore he or (he shall have first placed up, or caufed to be placed before a parti-up, in fome confpicuous manner, on or over the form, bench, cular apeouj^t ftall, or place, at which he or (he shall offer or expofe to or for Tale, any such frelh falmon, falmon trout, turbot, large frelh fortg Qf £(h be cod filh/or half frelh cod, haddock, fcate filh, frelh ling, lobfters, placed over the foies, or whitings, a true account, and in a large, fair, and Kali or placc legible charadter, and either wrote or printed, of all frelh fal- whe,rCuhe(?u? 'mbn, falmon trout, turbot, and large frelh cod, and half frelh aie 0 c ' cod filh, haddock, fcate filh, frelh ling, lobfters, foies, or whit-'ings, which any such person shall then have, or have been intruded with, to fell; diftinguifhing in every such account, the several forts of all such frelh falmon, falmon trout, large frelh cod, and half fre(h cod filh, haddock, fcate filh; frelh ling, lobfters, foies, or whitings asaforefaid, and the quantity of every Tort thereof refpedHvely, which any such person shall then have, or is then intruded with, to fell: and if at any time of the morning or dav, m which any such account shall have been fo and all fudi placed up, and before the filh market of that day shall be ended other fifh as or over, any other frelh falmon, or falmon trout, large frelh cod J1311 b* filh, or half frelh cod filh, haddock, fcate filh, frelh ling, lob- fJ°UbJforethe fters, foies, or whitings, lhall be brought to, or be intruded marketis ovsr, with, any such falefman or fadtor as aforesaid, to fell, every such are to be ad-falefman or fadtor, before he or (he lhall fell, or offer or expofe ded to the ac» to or for fale, any of such other frelh falmon, falmon trout, count» turbot, large frelh cod, or half frelh cod filh, haddock, fixate filh, frelh ling, lobfters, foies, or whitings as aforesaid, lhall add a true account or particular thereof to the account fo before put up : and shall take care that every such account and accounts and the ac-wiiich lhall be fo put up. lhall continue up where the count kept up fame lhall have been first placed, until all the filh Ipecified undefaced till therein fliall be fold, or the filh market of the day on ^rk\eti°rover which the fame shall be fo placed up lhall be over or ended, without being defaced or obliterated; upon pain that every one who shall in any wife offend in the premifies, or who lhall wil.

F 3	fully





on forfeiture of iol. for offending in any of the premises, except for pulling down, or defacing, any such account, for which the forfeiture is 40a.

All fpawn, fry, or brood ©f fifti.

Anna tricefimetertle <Jeorgii II. Cfay.

fully take down, deface, er obliterate, any account which (hai^ be placed up as aforesaid, during the ticnethe fameought to cmk~ tinue up, and (ball be convi&ed of any fuck offence (other than and except the taking down, defacing, or obliterating such account, which shall be placed up as aforefaid) on bis, her, ,or their own confeffian, or by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, before any such justice or juftices as aforesaid, fhall, for every fiich offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and that every person who fh&ll be coavi&ed in manner as aforesaid, of taking down, wilfully defacing, or.obliterat-ing, or caufing to be taken down, defaced, or obliterated, aoy such account placed upas aforesaid, at any time whilft the fame ought to have continued up, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

XIII.	And for the better prefervation of the jpawn, brood? and fey offjh% and for preventing the Jole offmalland unfizeable fifb, andfijb out of feafon? be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That no person (hall, at any time after the said twenty fourth d*y of June, take, kill, or dcftroy,or knqwingly have in his or her pof-feffion, either on the water or on (here, or shall bring to ffiorc, or cry, carry about, fell, offer, or expofe, to orforfale, or (hail exchange for any goods, matter, or thing, any fpawn, fry, or unfizeable fifh brood of fifh, or any unfizeable fifh, or any fi(h out of feafon, or fifh out of fea- any fmelt which shall not be full five inches in length, from the ion, or fmeltsnofe to the utmoft extent of the tail thereof; and if any one ch^Tf nm	m premiffes, it shall be lawful for any other

which°(hail be Perfon or persons, under the authority of this adf, to take and found in any feize all or any such fpawn, fry, or brood of .fifh, or any unfizea-perlon's pof- ble fi(h, or any fi(h out of feafon, or any fmelt of lefs fize than fcff °be r t d ®vc *nc^es ^rom t*le n°k to t^ie	extent	of	the	tail thereof,

together^ith wherever the fame shall be found, together with all baskets and the offender, package in which the fame shall be ib found or taken, aud al(q to charge a conftable, or other peace officer, with every such offender and offenders in the premifles; and after every such feizufe shall be made, the fpawn,fry, or brood, or otherfifh, as aforesaid, together with the baskets and package in which the fame shall be lb feifed, shall be delivered into the hands of fome conftable, or other peace officer; and every such conftable, or other peace officer, is hereby authorised and required to take every such offender and offenders, with whom he (ball be fo charged for any such faid offence, into his cuftody, and also the fpawn, fry, or brood of fi(h, and all unfizeable fi(h, and fi(h out of feafon, and all unfizeable fmeks, and all baskets and package in which the fame shall be fo feized, and which shall be delivered to such conftable, or other peace officer, as aforesaid, tobe taken be-and to carry every such offender and offenders, and all such tore a juftice,) fpawn, fry, or brood of fi(h, and all unfizeable fifh, and, fifh out of feafon, and all unfizeable fmelts, together with the baskets and package as aforesaid, which shall have been deliveredlo any such conftable, or other peace officer, with all convenient fpeed, before fome justice or juftices as aforesaid, for such offender and offenders, to be dealt with according to law; and on the

con-

2nd be delivered over to a conftable.

to be dealt with acco d-ing to law j



176°.] Aimotricefimo tertio Georcii H. c. 47.	yi

con vision of any filch offender or offenders, for any fueh faid *nd oik con-

offence, before any such justice or indices as aforesaid, every

fuch offender and offenders shall forfeit all and every such fpawn, fci^aUfuch'

fry, or brood of fifh, unfizeable fifh, and fifh out of feafon, and (pawn and

every fmelt and fmeltsof lefs fize than five inches from the nofenfh, See. to

to the utmoft extent of the tail thereof, which shall be fo feifed, thcProfccutor*

together with all baskets or package in which the fame shall be

fo feifed, and all such fpawn, fry, or brood of fifh, unfizeable

fifh* and fifh out of feafon, and unfizeable finelts, together with

fuch baskets and package in which the fame shall have been fo

feifed as aforesaid, (hall, by order of the justice or juffices before

whom the fame shall be fo brought, be delivered to the perfon

or persons who shall have fo feifed the fame, and shall profecute

to conviction any such offender or offenders; and every offender

*nd offenders in the premifles who shall be convicted as aforefaid,

of any such offence, shall befides forfeit and pay, for every such and is to pay

offence, the sum of twenty (hillings.	moreover aos.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid.

That the under water bailiff of the city of London for the time Theunderwa-being, and also the officers of the city of London for the time ter bailiff, and being, commonly called The yeomen of the waterfide% (hall, from ycon^” of the and after the said twenty fourth day of June, from time to time, ^that the° take care to fee that the provifions hereby made concerning the provifions of fale of frefh fifh in the fifh market at Billingfgate, and for punifh- this alt coning persons who shall have there in his or their poffeffion, any cerning the fpawn, brood, or fry, of any kind of fifh, or any unfizeable fifh,	Billin r

or any fifh out of feafon, or any fmelt of lefs fize than five inches	anVpuL

from the nofe to the utmoft extenc of the tail thereof, shall be nilhment of enforced and carried into execution; and shall alfo, from time perfonshaving time, take care that the provifions made by a ftatute paffed in the J^ble°fi0in' ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (intitu- &c in their led, An act for the better prefervation and improvement of the fijhery pofleftion, within the river of Thames; and for regulating and governing the be carried in-eompany offijhermen of the said river) againft regrating of fifh in and at the market of Billingfgate, or within one hundred and ^ 9 Ann«C fifty yards of Billingfgate dock, be ftriCHy obferved; and to lay againft re-information, from time to time, before feme justice or juft ices of grating of fifh the peace of the said city of London, againft every person and per-in th® £a,<* fons whom the (aid under bailiff, or any yeoman of the waterfide ^obferved 5 for the time being, shall at any time find or difeover to offend and lay infor-againft the ftatute, in order that every fucli offender may be pu- mation before ntfhed as by the said laft mentioned ftatute is directed: and thata proper ma-from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, the perfon	1

perfons for the time being, who is or shall be appointed by thegainft the said truftees aforesaid to fupervife the fifh market of the city of IVeJl- ftatute; fmnjler, shall take care to fee, from time to time, that the pro-an^ thefuper* vifions hereby made concerning the fale of frefh fifh in the fifh Hmket at IVeftminJler, and for punishing persons who shall have Weftmintter is there in his, her, or their pofleflion, any fpawn, brood, or fry, to take care, in of aijy kind of fifh,. or anv unfizeable fifh, or any fifh out of ^ manner, feafon, or any fmelt* of lels fize than five inches frQm the nofe ^

F 4*	tQbedulyc*ecut*

r



ji	Anno	triceflmo	tertio	Georg	ri	II. coty*	[f76bva

ted andobfcr-to the utmoft extent of the tail thereof, fo*tt'be'ctrfoTcedw4 vedtbfirei carried into execution: and if the under water bailiff or dnjo yeoman of the waterfide of the (aid city of London^ for the time' being, or the pcrfon or persons appointed, or to be appointed* as aforesaid, to fupcrvife the said	market of the citf of fVifta

minjier, or any of them, shall at any time be negligent, or fend in the premises, and shall becotiviAed of any filth ftegtebt on penalty of or offenw, either on his own confeflion, or by the oath of one their	or more credible witnefs or witness, before any justice or ju*

in& ifoMmy * ftices of the peace within whofe juri(di6hon any fiich negled or negiett or o- offence shall be committed, every such offender (hall, for every miflion f their such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, duty 5I.	XV.	And be it also enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Recovery and That any justice or ju(tice9 of the peaceas aforesaid, withm hia application of or, their reJpedtive jurifdidtion, (hall, on application to him of thefor tenures.	that purpofe made, grant his or their warrant under hit

hand, and feal, or their hands and feals, to levy any money which shall be forfeited by virtue of this adt, on the convidtion of any offender or offenders, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and * ;	chattels	ofthcperfon	or	perfons	who	(hall	be	convidled of airy ofc

fence againft this adt, together with the cofts of every such diftrefs and fale (except in the cafes herein before particularly provided to charge the owners of such fifhing (hip, (loop; ftnack, or other fidiing veffel or vcffels) and that one moiety of all the money which shall be forfeited for any offence committed againft this a A (the application whereof is not herein before particularly ap-i' propriated) (hall, when recovered, go and be paid to the perform or persons who shall profecute to convidtion any such offender or offenders; . and the other moiety thereof, except where tbe> -convidtion shall be for anyoffence committed in thecitv of Weft-minjier, or for not making the entry at the saidcoaft office of the time of the arrival of any such fiftiing (hip, (loop, ftnack, or fibbing veffel, at the Nore as aforesaid, shall go, and be paid to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifti in which any such offence shall be committed: and where any convidtion (nail be for any offence committed in the city of Weftminfter, or for not report* ing, as herein before is diredted, the time of the arrival of any filch fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or veffel, at the said coaft office; as aforesaid, the said other moiety of the money which shall be forfeited on any such convidtion, shall go and be $>aid tp the truftees appointed to put the said recited adts in execution, to be placed by them, or any five or more of them, or their order, to-the general account of furplus of profits arifing from the said fi(h market in Weflminjier, and to be appropriated as the said forphas in the said act, in the said twenty second year of his prefect Ma-For want of jefty's reign, is diredted: and if fufficient diftrefs at any time lufficient di- cannot be found, wherefrom the money which shall be forfeited firefs whereon by any offender or offenders againft this adt can be levied on his, forfeitureJ the ^er7 or their goods and chattels, then, and m any such cafe, offender is to every such offender and offenders (hall, by warrant under the he committed, hand and feal, ox hands and feals, of one*or more such justice or and kept to	ju„



Ljrffa] Anno tricesimo tertio Georg it II. c. 27.	73

jaftkeadirc&od to fane peace officer, be apprehended, if he, fhe, **rd labour, or (they can be found, and be committed to fome house of cor- fwany rrtftion Of the county; city, or place, w here any such offender shall “ m^ths#

\$. apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for 3 aity time not exceeding three months, as an/ such justice or ju-fttces shall order, unlefs the money which shall be forfeited by ii^ offender or offenders shall be fboner paid.

, XVJ. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That'no Limitation of person shall be punifhed for any offence againft this ad, unlefs a Profecution#. profecution shall be commenced againft him for the fame within two months after every such offence shall be committed, or who shall have been punifhed for any such offence under any other law; and that where any person shall be committed to any house of cofredion for default of payment, or for want of fufficient di-ftrefe being met with to anfwer any penalty incurred by any offence againft this ad, and shall remain there during the time for which he, (he, or they, shall be fo committed, no such person (hall' be liable afterwards to be profecuted again for nonpayment of such money forfeited 5 and that any person who shall inhabit inhabitants ire any parish in which any offence againft this ad shall be com- deemed com? .mined, (hall, notwithstanding luch inhabitancy, be allowed and P**:”* admitted to be a competent witnefs.	«c cs.

XVII.	Provided alio, and be it likewife enaded by the autho- . rityafbre(aid,That any justice or juftices of the peace before whom

any offender shall be brought and convided of any offence againft ties. this, ad, shall and may, from time to time, as he or they shall fee occafion, mitigate any of the penalties under the sum of five pounds hereby innided, fo as such mitigation doth not at any time extend to remit above one half of the penalty inflided for any offence committed againft this ad; and every such mitigation shall be a fufficient difeharge to the person offending, for fa much of the penalty under t he fum of five pounds as shall be fo mitigated.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, -

That the justice 01* juftices before whom any person shall be	Con"

convided by virtue of this ad, shall caufe fuen refpedive con-,

vidion to be drawn up in the form, or to the effed following, that is to lay.

To Wit R ® lt remembered^ That on this *_k	'	JD	day	of	in	the	year

of the reign of	A. B .is conviftei before

ri; *	of bis Majeftys juftices of the peace for the

ceufity of	or	city	of	or corpo.

ratifih of)	(as	the	cafe	(hall	happen to be) for

and	do	adjudge	hint)	hery or

them the cafe shall be) to pay and forfeit the sum of

Given under our hands and feals (or my band and feat) the day and year abovefeud.

XIX.	Pro-





74	Anno	tricefimo	tertio	GeorgH II. C. 47.	[1760.

Appeal may XIX. Provided further, and be it also enabled. That it th t0	any	perfon	or persons who shall think him,

raf or quarter ber* or thcmfelves aggrieved by the convidion of any justice or feflion, juftices of the peace for any offence committed againft this adt, or the said recited adl of the twenty ninth year of his faid pre-fern Majesty's reign, to appeal to the next general or quarter fcf-Coa to be holden for the county, city, or place, in which any such obnvidtion shall have been made; the perfonor persons fo entering into aPPea**ng, first entering into a recognizance in double the fumof a recogni- money forfeited, before such justice or juftices, to profecute such •ance, and appeal with effect, and abide by the order or orders which shall giving due nor ^ made on such appeal; and giving eight days notice in writing locator *C Pr°'	cvcry fu°h intention to appeal, to the party or parties on whole

profecution any such convidtion was made; and the juftices of the county, city, or place, in which any such conviction shall and the jufti- have been made, are hereby authorized and required in their ces at the said next general or quarter session after any such appeal shall be ^mhoriwd t ma^c> to kear a°d determine the matter of every such appeal, fcarand'de-0 an^ tomake such order, and toaward such coftsand damages, as tertninethe to them in their diferetion shall feem reafonable; and to levy, matter of such by their order or warrant, the cofts which shall be fo awarded, appeal, &c. together with such money as they shall adjudge to be forfeited, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any person who shall refufe to pay the fame; and for want of fufticient diftrefs, to commit the party or parties to the common gaol or prifdhuf the county, city, or place, in which he, (he, or they, shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months, unlefs the money which shall be adjudged to be forfeited, as well as the cofts ordered to be paid, shall be fooner paid; and such order of any such juftices at their general or quarter feffions, shall be final; and no proceedings dcr tobefin l\.an?	Ju^ccs out of feffion, or in their faid general or quar-

° * ter feffion, in purfuance of this adt, shall be removeable by car-tiorari, or otherwife.

XX.	Provided likewife, and be it also enradted by the au-JLimitatkm pf thority aforesaid. That if any adtion or fuit shall be commenced addons. againft any person or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, every such addon or fuit shall be brought within fix months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, in which such offence shall be committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such adtion or fuit fo to be General iiTue. brought, shall and may plead the general ififue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it lhali appear fo to have been done, or that such adtion or fuit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame vas aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon such verdidt; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his adtion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared ^

or



?7£q.vJ Anno tncofimo terdo Georgii IL c.	75

pr upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againft the	<

plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall be paid treble coils, and have such remedy for recovery of the same, as Treble colts, any defendant or defendants hath or may have, in any cafe, to recover his, her, or their coils by law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for encouraging the exportation of rum and fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufafture, of the Britilh fu~ gar plantations, from this kingdom,	of Britifh fpirits

made from tnelajfes.

FO R encouraging the exportation of rum and fpirits of the Preamble.

growth; produce, and manufacture, of the Britijh fugar plantations in America, from this kingdom, as merchandize, be it cnaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-	•	f

thority of the same, That from and after the sixteenth day of The duties of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, upon the expor- cpj*°ro W* ration of rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufac-lure, of the Britijh fugar plantations in America, from this king- of rum and dom, as merchandize, there shall be, inftead and in lieu of fpirits from all former drawbacks and allowances out of the duties of cuftom, t"c fh* a drawback, or an allowance of all the duties of ctlftom payable fjonsPmbe"re-upon the importation of such rum or fpirits; and which draw- paid upon the back or allowahce shall be made in such manner, and under such exportation rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as any drawback or thereof; allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such rum or fpirits, was, could, or might, be made before the palling of this ad.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That and the du« from and after the said sixteenth day of Juney one thousand seven ties ot excife hundred and fixty, all rum and fpirits of the growth, produce,t0 ** and manufacture, of the Britijh fugar plantations in America y fu^hasfhaUbe which (hall, before the payment of the duties of excife charged exported be-upon the importation thereof, be exported as merchandize, un- fore paymeht der the rules, reftri&ions, and regulations, herein after eftablifh-	the

ed and referred to, from any warehoufe or warehoufes in which faid dutl*** such rum or fpirits hath been, or shall be, lodged or depofited, by virtue and in purfuance of an ad made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britilh fugar plantations, to land, the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence y and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in refpeft to the duty on fome rock falty loji by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane; shall be freed and difeharged from all duties of excife, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

III.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid. That

be*





Upon produc ing a certificate of such bond having been given, the rum or fpirits men-

76	Anno	tricefinto	tertio	Georgii II. c. it. (i7'6d.

Exporter to before any such ram <?r fpirits (half be delivered out of any ware-give bond forhoufe, as aforesaid, for exportation, the person or persons in-thedueexpor- tending to export such rum or fpirits, shall give bond, with fuf-tationthereof, ficient fecurity, to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, to be approved of by the refpedtive commissioners of excife in England ' v	and Scotland for the time being, or any three of them,

or by such person or persons as they (hall, from time to time,

.	appoint for that purpofe, in double the value of the goods and

1 , the duties of excife payable thereon, that such rum and fpirrtV, and every part thereof, shall (the dangers of the feas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported as merchandize to, and landed in, such ports or places beyond the feas, as shall be fpecified in such bonds; and that the lame shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, nor re-landed in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, v	'Jtrfey* Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them.

IV.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid. That the rum and fpirits lodged or depofited in such warehoufe or warehoufes as aforesaid, (nail and may, from time to time, be delivered out of such warehouse or warehoufes for exportation, and upon the exporter or exporters, or fome person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, producing to the keeper or keepers of tioned therein such refpe&ive warehoufe or warehoufes, and to the officer or veredou °®cers aPP°inted by the commissioners of excife refpecftively to the warc-° atten<^ 'be fame, a certificate or certificates from the refpedhve Routes, commissioners of excife, or any one of them, or such person or perfons.as they shall appoint to take such bond and fecurity, as aforesaid, certifying that such bond and security hath been given,

,	the keeper or keepers of such warehoufe or warehoufes, and

.officer or officers of excife attending the fame, shall deliver so much rum or fpirits, as shall be mentioned in every such certificate refpe&ively, to be exported; and such refpedive keeper ,	.	or keepers of such warehoufe or warehoufes, and officer or of-

' ficcrs of excife, shall thereupon give to such exporter or exporters, or the person or persons employed to take care of the ai)d*ceruii* delivery of such rum or fpirits, a certificate, fpecifying the quan-cate of the,	tity of the rum or fpirits io delivered, the fize or contents, and

9«a,u7*	the marks of the ca(k or package in which such rum or fpirits

of^he casks are contained, the quantity of rum or fpirits contained in such lSsc. ta.be giv- ca(k or package on the landing thereof, the name or names of eji therewith, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of such rum pr fpirits, and also certifying that the fame are delivered oqt for exportation, and the day and particular time vyhen, and to hPr°f!;UC*d■ whom, such delivery was made; which certificate shall be fign-J#tending the ^ by such officer or officers of excife, and shall be produced to (hipping? tne officer of excife attending the (hipping of such rum or fpirits: Due entry to and the keeper or keepers or such warehoufe or warehoufes, and rC w !m*°^ .the officer or officers appointed by the commissioners of excife to ipch e very,	the	fame> Hiall make such entries of the delivery of fu<;h

rum and fpirits as by the said former a£t is cjire&eq to be made, with refpetf to the rum and fpirits delivered upon the payment

of





?7

ty6q.]	Anno tricefirao tertio Georgii II, c. 28,.

of the diittes ; and no such warehoufe keeper, or other perfon,

(hall be fubjetft to any penalty or forfeiture fpr making; any such delivery ; any thing in the said former a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further eqatfted by the authority aforesaid. That Bonds given upon oath being made before any two or more of the refpe<ftive for the duties commirtioneis of excife, or two or more juftices of the peace for vcJed°Up^,d on the county or place from whence any such rum or fpirits are in- oath made* of tended to be exported, that the fame are to be exported for mer- the intended chandize to be fpent beyond the feas: and upon producing to exportation, the cammiffioners of excife refpeeftively, or to their refpetfive

officer or officers, having cuftody of the bonds given in purfu-ance of the laid former a<ft, for securing and paying the dudes of excife upon the importation of such rum or fpirits, a certifi- and certificate under the hand or hands of the proper officer or officers of cates pro-the excife for the port or place where such rum or fpirits were duced, See. of (hipped, of the quantities fo (hipped, and that the fame were quantltK proof fpirits, and (hipped in the prefence of such officer or of- that^he* fame fleers, and that ti.c fame were accompanied with such certificate are proof fpU of the delivery from such warehoufe or warehoufes as aforesaid $ ritsi apd alffy and also upon delivery of such lad-mentioned certificate, such "Cejrc[j.verjr commissioners, or person or persons refpeeftively having the the^are* cuftody of such refpe<ftive bonds, in cafe the whole quantity of hou/es, ] rutn and fpirits mentioned therein, shall be certified to be deli- . vered and (hipped as aforesaid, shall deliver up such bonds re-	n	*»

fpedHvely to the person or persons producing such refpetftive cer- r.** u tificates ; or in cafe only a part of the rum or fpirits mentioned Ih^rum or in such bond shall be certified to be delivered and (hipped, the fpirits men-faid commissioners, or any person or persons refpeeftively, shall tioned in the indorfe on such bonds the quantity or quantities fo delivered and (hipped ; and if at any future time or times, before the expira- livered and tiqn of the termftipulated in such bonds for the payment of such (hipped, the duties shall have expired, the remaining part of the rum or quantity is to fpirits mentioned therein, shall be certified as aforesaid to bede- ^n^nrjr?oa livered and (hipped as merchandize for exportation, then such ^ t£e bonds refpe<ftively dial!, in like manner, be delivered up to the is to be deli-perfon or persons producing such certificates, and the proprietors veredup.whtti and importers of such rum and fpirrs shall be freed and dif-charged from the payment of all duties for or in refpeeft of the ^]5fic^rto be importation thereof.	delivered and

flipped ; provided the fame be before the time-ffipulated for payment of the duties.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the au- All rum and thority aforesaid. That the said drawback shall not be allowed, fpirrs inti led nor shall the said bonds for securing the duties of excife be deli-

vered up, or such indorfement as aforesaid made thereon, or the are to proprietors or importers be freed and difeharged from the pay- portedincafiet ment of such duties of excife, for any rum or fpirits which shall containlngnqt be expprted in any cask which shall contain lefs than one hun-rt,a41 loc* dred gallons, or that shall be (hipped on board anyveflel of lefs |nd°in VeflWi burthen than one hundred tons, or be exported from any port not lefs than not being the port of the importation of such rum or fpirits. 100 tons bur-

VII.	Pro-tilcu*



upon the im portation thereof;

78	Anno	triccfimo tertloGeoRGH IT. cs 28.	7^>.

The quantity VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority delivered out aforesaid, That the quantity ef rum and fpirits fo to be deliver-puted accord- e<* out	ware^ou^	or	warehoufes,	and to be exported, (haQ

ing to the be computed and allowed according to the gauge which shall be gauge taken taken at the time of landing the fame, upon the importation thereof, in such manner as the duty of excife is by the said former a61 diredted to be computed.

If af er deli VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, very amy shall That if any rum or fpirits, after the delivery thereof from such be concealed, warehoufe or warehoufes as aforesaid for exportation, (hall, be-ornotlhipped fore the (hipping thereof, be lodged or depofited in any ware* within twelve houfc or other place, fo as to be concealed from publiqk view or the calks an<* ,nfpe<Tion > or lhall not be (hipped within the fpace of be opened, twelve hours after the delivery thereof; or if the cask or pack-or the fame be age in which such rum or fpirits are contained shall be wilfully reduced oral- opened, or any part of such rum or fpirits taken thereout, or if riVyCorqualfty; t^c quality of such rum or fpirits shall be changed or altered ; in such ruin or each and every such cafe, all such rum or fpirits, and the casks fpirits are or packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be *orJ^d,K feized by any officer or officers of excife: and the person or per-Isuj b/putto ^ons w*10 ^all ^ave 8iven b°nd for the due exportation of such fuit; ° rum or fpirits, (hall, upon proof of any such offence, be fub-unlefs the jedt to the penalty of such bond, and the fame shall be put in commissioners fu|t accordingly ; unlefs the commissioners of excife, by whom forbear the or whofe authority such bond shall have been taken, (nail find £me.	fufficient caufe to forbear the fame.

Bonds given IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for exporta- the bonds to be given by virtue of this adt for the due and re-tion are not to gular exportation of such rum and fpirits as merchandize, shall rill certificates not ^e^vercc^ UP or difeharged until certificates shall be probe producwiof ^ucc<* the exportation to, and landing and difpofal of such the due ex- rum or fpirits at the ports or places mentioned in such bonds; portation and and proof made, upon oath, in relation thereto, in such man-landing, ner an(j form respectively, as is directed and required by an adt madeMthereof mac^e in this present session of parliament, intituled, An at7 for on oath, in preventing the exeejjive ufe of fpirituous liquors, by laying additional manner re- duties thereon; for Jhortming the prohibition of making low wines "aa fol' bycthe and fpirits from wheats barley, malt, or other grain, and from venthig^the tneal, flour, and bran, for encouraging the exportation of Britilh exceflfive ufe made fpirits, and for more effequally securing the duties payable up-ot fpirituous on fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation liquors, &c. thereof, with relpedt and in relation to the bonds to be taken by virtue of the said adt upon the exportation as merchandize of . fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain, from the materials in the the1 bonds for ^ a<^ mentioned * and the condition of all the bonds to be exportation, taken by virtue of this adt, shall be, to produce such certificates within such times refpedtively, as are limited by the said adt made in this session of parliament, for producing the'cCttificates therein required to be delivered : and all persons authorized by the said laft mentioned adt to adminifter oaths, are hereby authorized to adminifter such or the like oaths in purfuance of

this



1760.] Anno tricesimo tcrtio Georgii IL c. 2S.	79

this aft: and in cafe no such certificates shall refpefttvdy be produced, or proof reljpeftively made within the times therein ' limited, it shall and may be lawful for the refpeftive commif- and of their fioners of excife to caufe the bonds which shall be taken by vir- put ia tee of this aft to be put in fuit, unlefs they shall find fumcient *uit#

£aufe to forbear the fame ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

X. And, for the preventing the relanding of fucb rum or fpirits If foch mm after the fame Jball be Jlipped; be it further enacted by the au- or fpirits shall thority arorefaid. That from and after the said fix teen th day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, in cafe any luch ed> rum or fpirits, entered as merchandize for exportation, shall not be really and bona fide (hipped and exported (the danger of the or shall be feas and enemies excepted) or shall be landed again jn any part fraudulently of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfcy, Alderney,rc andcd# Sark, or Man, or either of them, unlefs in cafe of diftrefs to fave the goods from perifhing, which shall be prefently made known to the officer or officers of excife, and the principal officers of thecuftoms in the port; then, not only all such rum and the feme, to- * fpirits, and the casks or other package, shall be forfeited and gather with loft, but also the pcrfon or persons who shall bring, or caufe, ^JeMd* or procure to be relanded, such rum and fpirits, or any part carriages em-thereof, into any part of Great Britain, or of the ifiands of ployed there-Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sari, or Man,, or either of them, »n,ire fortck-or be affifting, or otherwise concerned in the un(hipping the fame, e^J tllc or to whole hands the fame shall knowingly come after the un- ^ned forfeit (hipping thereof, or by whofe privity, knowledge, or direftion, double the the said rum or fpirits, or any part thereof, shall be fo relanded, amount otthe shall forfeit double the amount of the duties charged upon thedutie#* importation of such rum or fpirits; and the casks and other package containing the lame, together with the veflcls and boats, and all the horfes or other cattle and carriages whatfoever, made ufe of in the landing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same, which shall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife: and if any matter, commander, or and the m-othet person belonging to any (hip or veflel, shall affift in, or ttcr, &c. if fas connive at, the fraudulent landing any such rum or fpirits as a- orcoa-forefaid, he, (he, or they (over and above all other penalties ^oftSarit provided by this or any other aft or afts now in force) (hall, for fQ 6 months every such offence, (uffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix imprifon-months, without bail or mainprize ; and in cafe the package of ment» such rum or fpirits fo entered for exportation, or any part thereof,

(hall be altered at any time after the (hipp ng thereof, and before before arrival the arrival of the (nip at the port or place of difeharge, the at the place ai matter, or other person taking charge of every such (hip or vcf* difclwrge, be (el, shall forfeit and lofethe sum of one hundred pounds.	forfeits 10aL

XL And, for the preventing of frauds which may be committed in The rum or the exportation of fucb rum or fpirits, be it further enacted by the fpirit* to be authority aforesaid. That from and after the said (ixteenth day t*^*6^^* of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, all such rum p 9

or



8o

and the exporter is to give 5 days previous notice of the (hipping thereof ;

and allow the officers to mark the calks,

and take fam-ples, paying for the fame, if demanded;

noon penalty of forfeiting fool.

If any rum

or fpirits shall be altered or reduced in quantity or quality after being (hipped, the lame is forfeited, and the persons concerned therein, forfeit also iool. Penalty of granting a falfe certificate, or 0f counterfeiting, altering, Ac any oath or certificate, it 500I.

One moiety to the crown, and the other to the profe-cptor,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28.	[1760^

or fpirits fo to be exported shall be proof fpirits; and in order that the fame may be properly examined, and the casks marked, when any perfonor persons lhall be defirousof (hipping any quantity of such rum or fpirits, they are hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to the officer of excife, of the division or place where such rum or fpirits are intended to be (hipoed, five days next before such rum or fpirits shall be put on (nip-board ; in which notice shall be expreffed the number of casks, and the quantity of rum or fpirits, fo intended to be (hipped : and it shall be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other officers of excife, before the delivery of such rum and fpirits from such ware-houfes, and at any time afterwards, to mark all and every such casks, or other package, in such manner as the refpedtive com-miffioners of excife shall direct, and to take a fample or famples (not exceeding one pint in the whole) out of each of the said casks, or other package, containing such rum or fpirits, paying for such fample or famples (if demanded) according to the market price rum or fpirits of the like quality shall be fold for, at the time such fample or famples shall be taken : and in cafe any person or persons shall put on (hipboard any such rum or fpirits, for exportation, as merchandize, without having given such notice as aforefaid,or shall obftrudt or hinder the gaugers, or other offi. cers of excife, in the marking such casks or package, or in tak-ing such fample or famples, he, fhe, or they, shall refpedtively forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds ; and if the rum or fpirits fo intended for exportation as merchandize, (hall, after the (hipping thereof, be altered or reduced in quality or quantity, after any officer or officers of excife shall have examined the fame, the said rum or fpirits, and the cask or casks, or other package or packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited and loft, and the person or persons who shall have fo altered or reduced such rum or fpirits, or caufed or procured the fame to be altered or reduced, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence, and no drawback or allowance of the duties shall be made for the fame, and no drawback is to be allowed for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority tforefaid. That if any person or persons shall knowingly or wittingly grant any falfe certificate ; or counterfeit, erafe, or alter any oath or certificate made or given purfuant to this adl, or shall knowingly or wittingly publifh or make ufe thereof, such person or persons shall forfeit five hundred pounds ; which forfeiture lhall and may be profecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVcJlminJlcr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; one moitny whereof to he for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for, profecute, and recover the fame, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law‘ shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and such oath or certificate fo falsified, counterfeited, erafed, cr altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XIII.	And, for the further encouragement of the exportation

of

 v^ooQie

i£&><].	Anno trieefimo tcrtio Georgia IL c* a 8;1	Si

of fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain from melafles; be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Art additional' sixteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty, drawback of I there shall be an additional drawback or allowance of three ^

I pounds three shillings, for every tun of such fpirits fo drawn or on au Qj-itift ' made in Great Britain, which shall be exported for merchant made fpirits dize to parts beyond the feas; and upon oath bring made before drawn from N any two or more of the refpeCtive commiflioners of excife, or	ex-

jufticcs of the peace for the county or place from whence any being such fpirits are intended to be exported, that the fame were made of the t' drawn or made in Great Britain from melafles without any mi*- truth thereof ture with any other materials, either native or foreign; or in cafe such fpirits shall be rectified fpirits, then, upon oath made, that the lame were drawn or made in Great Britain from melafles	|

without any mixture with any other materials, either native of	t

foreign, except what has been neceflarv for the rectifying there-	,f

of; and also on oath made, that the duties of the same are duly and of the

Eid, and that the lame are to be exported for merchandize to duties fpent beyond the Teas; and upon producing a certificate un-der the hand or.*hands of the officer or officers of excife for the cate produced port or place where such fpirits were (hipped, of the quantities of the quanti-1b (hipped, and that the fame were proof fpirits, and (hipped in lY	.

the prefence of such officer or officers, the diftiller or diftiliers,	*

or other person or persons exporting the fame, shall be allowed pr0of (pints* ■ or paid back, by the commiffioneFS of excife, or their collector &<* for the port or place where such fpirits shall be (hipped off, the	j

(aid additional drawback or allowance of three pounds three (hillings for every tun of such lpirits fo (hipped off, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted tby the authority aforesaid, The powers^ That the said aCt made in this present fefiion of parliament, regulations, and all the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, andcUufeV-reftriCtions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, &c. in t^c ^ therein contained or referred unto, relating to the drawback or cited aft, reallowance thereby granted upon fpirits exported as merchandize, Jjiting to the and the difeharge or putting in fuit of the bonds to be taken hcr^y^rartt-' virtue of the faia aCi, and to the entring, (hipping, and due and ccj ontfie ex^ ; regular exportation of such fpirits, and the landing and clifpo- portation of ling of all and every part thereof in parts* beyond the feas, and fpirits; arid T to the preventing of all frauds and abufes, and punishing of of-	or

fenders, (ball be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufed, impqfed, punjflj,ng levied, recovered, and put in execution, with refpeCt to the frauds, &c.* drawback or allowance, hereby granted, and the melafles fpirits extended t<* intended to be, or which shall be, entered for exportation bythis virtue of this aCt, and for preventing, detecting, and punching, frauds and abufe9 relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, reftriCtions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again re-enacted in^rhis present aCh

XV.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority now the fines 'VoL* XXlII.	G	aforefaid,	and penalties

82	Anno	trieefimo tcrdo Georoii II. c. 29,30. [1760.

arctobereco-aforcfaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by VCted* md	a&> or to b* incurred by virtue thereof, shall be fued for,

ap' levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife (not otherwise directed by this adt) or by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at lVeftminJiery or in the court of exchequer m Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforeiaid,

‘	That	if	any	perfon or persons shall be fued, molefted, or pro-

fecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, such person or persons shall and may plead the general if-Ccneral liiue. an(j - c t^js a(^ an(j t^c fpCCjaj matter in evidence in his

or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdi& shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinue his, her, or their a&ion or a&ions, or be nonfuited, or judgment shall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then such defendant or defen-Trcble celts, dants shall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, a-gainft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have omitted to regifter or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying afts of i Geo. i. 13 Car. a. *5 Car. 1, 30 Car. a, 18 Geo. 2. 30 Geo. 2, and 31 Geo. a. Further time to ia Feb. 1761, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves, as the said laws direct. Perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time, appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. Offices, &c. already avoided oy judgement of a conrt, and filled up, confirmed. None indemnified where final judgement bath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. XXX.

An aEl for widening certain lanes, and

within the city of London, and liberties	;	and	for

opening certain new Jlreets and ways within the fame ■, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS feverallanes, andpajfages, viithin the eity of London, and the liberties thereof, are too narrow and incommodious for the paffing and repajfmg, as well of foot fengers as of coaches, carts, and other carriages, to the prejudice and inconvenience of the owners and inhabitants of houses in and near the fame,and to the great hindrance of bujinefs, trade, and	:

and whereas such defefls might be remedied, and several new Jhreett and ways be made within the said city and , to the great cafe,

faf'tJ>

Preamble.



1760.] Armo tricefi mo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.

*S

and convenience, of pajfengers, and advantage of the publick in general, in cafe the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council ajfembltd,	enabled to widen and enlarge the said

narrow freets, lanes,	pajfages, and to open and lay out such new

Jtreets and ways; and for thofe purposes to pur chafe the several houfes, buildings, and grounds, which may be necejfary to that end: wherefore, for promoting and encouraging a defign fo ufeful Power given and beneficial to the publick. May it pleafe your mod excellent to the mayor, Majesty, that it may be cna&ed; and be it enaded by the aldermen, and King's mod excellent majefty, by and With the advice ana con- ^ecity^in fent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this common prefcnt parliament affembled, and by the authority of the same, council afTem-That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in bled, to widen common council affembled, shall have power and authority, not Jirecrs aud only to widen and render more convenient such and so much paflages men-of the several streets, lanes, and paflages, mentioned and defcri- tioned in the bed in a fchedule to this ad annexed, intituled. The frjl fibe-	fchedule*

dale, in manner in the said fchedule particularly mentioned, butj2y°out also to defign, make, open, and lay out, fucb new streets, ways, such ngW oncg and paflages, in the parts and plactes particularly n^entioned and as are menti-. described in another fchedule to this ad also annexed, intituled, oned and de-Tbe second fchedule, in manner in such fccond fchedule men- rationed.	dule$

II.	And, for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons,

of the said city, in common wttincil affembled, to effed the and in order purposes aforesaid, be it further enaded by the authority afore- thereto, they faid. That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of ^he faid ^^with^he city, in common council affembled, shall have full power and owners and authority to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers of, occupiers, and all other persons interefted in, such houfes, buildings, °*/uch. grounds, and eftates, as shall be neceflary to be purchased For toes™* the more efFedual performance of any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be necef-and to purchafe and become poffeffed of the same; and, upon fary for chat payment of such fum or fums of money as shall be agreed upon purpofe, for for such purchases, to caufc such houses and buildings, or fo luLeof&cT much thereof as shall be neceffarv to be pulled down, and fuch1	%

grounds, or so much thereof as (nail be neceflary to be laid into new streets, ways, and paflages, or in, for, or towards, the widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the present streets, ways, and paflages, defcri bed in the two fchedules hereunto annexed; and this a (ft shall be fufticient to indemnify them the ?n<* mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common ywmninea council affembled, their agents, workmen, officers, and fervants,,or 0 oin* and all persons a&ing by or under their authority, againft the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, of any of the said owners or occqpiers, as if the fame had been fold and conveyed by deed of feoffment, bargain and fale, or other affurance in the law whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Bodies poft. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, tick, corpo-corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, uuftees and



other persons, arc impower-ed to lell and convey lands for the laid purposes ;

and th«y are indemnified for what they ihall (o do in Jrarfuance of this

but if they ihall refufe to treat or agree in the premises, or shall be difabled from treating,

or cannot evince a clear title.

a jury is to be iiftnmoned.

and drawn according to the directions in • s Geo, a.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30;	[176a

and feoffees in truft, guardians and committee* for lunaticks and ideots, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fuccef-fors, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whatfoetffcr, and to and for all femes covert who are or ihall be feifed in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomfoever, who are or ihall be feifed or pofiefted of, dr interefted in, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which ihall be neceflary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this aA, to fell and convey all or any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates, and interefts, or any part thereof, to the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contra&9, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances* which shall be made by such persons asaforefaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the perlbn and persons conveying, but alio to convey all right, eftate, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever j of their several and refpeAive ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whomfoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and all such persons, fo conveying as a-forefaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in purfuanceof this aA, notwithstanding any omiffion or miftake of matter of form whatfoever: and if it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or other person or persons, feifed of poflefled of, or interefted in, any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refufe to treat or agree for the fale and conveyance of their refpeAive eftates and interefts therein, or by reafon of difability, cannot agree with the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the feid city, in common council aftembled, or with any person or persons by them in this behalf authorised or appointed, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the pre-mifles they are in pofleflion of, or to the interest they claim, to the fatisfaAion of the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the fiiid city, in common council aftembled, or of the person or persons by them fo authorized or appointed ; then, and in every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (hcriffs of the said city, and they are hereby required, upon a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to be iftued and dircAed to them for this purpofe by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city (which warrants or precepts the said court are hereby im-powered and authorized to iflue) to impanel and return acorns petent number of fubftantial and difinterefted persons qualified to ferve on juries, not lefs than forty eight, nor more than fe-venty two; and out of such persons, fo to be impanelled, fum-moned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn, by fome person to be by the said court appointed, in such manner



\y6o-4] Anno tricesimo tertio GeoRGII II. c. 30.	85

ner as juries for the trial of iflues joined in his Maiefty's Courts at IVtJlmnfter^ by an a& made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the better regulation of juries, are directed to be drawn; which persons, fo to be impa~ nelled, fummoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said court from any of whom day to day, till difcharged by the said court: and all parties may be chal-conccmed shall and may have their lawful challenges againft any lcnS*d* but of the said jurymen j but shall not be at liberty to challenge the EOtt carrajr# array: and the said court is hereby authorized 'and impowered, witneflesmay by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occafioit shall re- be also fura-quire, to call before them all and every person and persons whom- moned aud foever, who shall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined	on

as witnefles before them, on their oath or oaths, concerning ' the premifles: and the said court, if they think fit, shall and an(i the court may likewife authorize the said jury to view the place or places may direct the in quefiion, in such manner as they shall direCt; and the said jury ^ view court shall have power to command such jury, witnefies, and J*«^ces m parties, to attend, until all such affairs, for which they were q 9 fummoned, shall be concluded: and the said jury, upon their and to afleft oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons the damages as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said court is'here- pcnc^imon by impowered and required to adminifter) shall inquire of the J,ath i value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the refpeCtive estate and interest of every person feifed or poflefled thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any part thereof 5 and shall aflefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every such person or persons, for the purchafe of such their eftates and in-terefts ; and the said court shall give judgment for such fum or fums of money fo to be aflefled : which faid verdiCt or verdicts, and their ver-and the said judgment, decree, or determination thereupon (no- ■ j cani?ie tice in writing being given to the person or persons interefted, ^vfn thereat lead fourteen days before the time of such afleflment, decla upon, ring the time and place of the meeting of the said court and (previous nojury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling-houfe of such per-Ton or persons, or at his, her, or their ufual place or places of y\n to[hegl~ abode, or with feme tenant or occupier of fome of the said parties int*» lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued and refted) aflefied, in cafe such party cannot otherwise be found out to be ferved with such notice) shall be binding and conclufive to all intents and purposes whatfoever, againft all and every person or aretobebind-perfons, bodies politic and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, >n<? and con-title, truft, ufe, or intereft, in, to, or out of the said lands, te- t0 nements, or hereditaments, and preiniffes, either in pofleflion, p 1,1 reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, as well againft the King's moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as againft infants and iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or difability, and all trufteqf and ceftuiquc trufts, bis, her, and their heirs, fuccef-

G 3	for*,

and the (aid verdi&s,

»ements, other proceedings, are to be writ

86	Anno	tricefimo tertio Gborgii II. C. go. [1760.

fors, executors, and adminiftrators, and againft all other per* fons whomfoever; and the said verdidts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings of the said court and juries, fo to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and figned by the town clerk of the said ten on parch- cjty for ttime being.

figned by the	And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au-

tpwn clerk, thority aforesaid. That upon payment of such fum or fums of U ' money, fo to be awarded or adjudged, the person or persons to ment of fhe whom the fame shall be fo awarded, for the purchafe of the said purchafe-mo- lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for the purchafe of any

ney, the parties to

of the said lands and grounds.

eftate or interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to

..... be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances,

execute legal alignments, and afTurances in the law, to the said mayor and conveyances commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council aflembled, shall order, diredt, or appoint, of the (aid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or intereft, for which such fum or fums of money shall be fo awarded* and shall procure all neceflary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and afiurances; and shall do all a&s, matters, and things, neceflary and requifite to make a good, dear, and perfedt title to the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or the person or persons fo by them in this behalf to be appointed as aforesaid 5 and such conveyances, alignments, and aflurances, shall contain all such reafonable and ufual covenants as, on the part of the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or of the person or persons fo by them in this behalf to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be reasonably required : and in shall not make cafe such person or persons, to whom such fum or fums shall be orexecutele- awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their tide to gal convey- the premifles, and to make, or procure to be made, such good, ances thereof, valid, and legal conveyances thereof as aforesaid, or shall refufe fo to do, being thereto required, and such fum or fums, fo af-fefled and awarded as aforesaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making (uch title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, alignments, or aflurances, as aforefaid; or in cafe such person or persons, to vendiri con whom such fum or fums of money shall be fo awarded as aforc-cemin/a° " faid, cannot be found within tire faid city, or liberties thereof;

or in cafe, by reafon of difputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defed of evidence, it shall not appear what person or persons is or are intitled to the premifles in queftion; then, and in every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen, to order the said fum or fums, To aflefled ana awarded as aforesaid, as and for the value of, and purchafe-money for, the said lands, tenements, arid hereditaments, to be paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the parries interefted in rhe faid premifles, to be paid them, and every of them, according to their refpedive eftatesand in-terefts therein, at such time as the said court shall o.der ant} 6	dirqft;

But if they

upon tender of the fum awarded,

or cannot be found, ora

cerning a right to the premiifes,

the money is then to be paid into the bank for the ufe of the parties.





1766.] Anno tricesimo tcrtio Georgii II. c. 30.	tj

direct: and the caftiier or ca(hiers of the bank of England, who

(hall receive such fum and Aims, is and are hereby required to

give a receipt or receipts for such fum or Aims, mentioning and and a receipt

fpecifying for what premises, and for whofe ufe, the fame is or tor thc

are received, to such person as shall pay any such fum or Aims ,amc‘

into the bank as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All verdi&s, all such verdidts, judgments, fentences, decrees, orders, and judgements, other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, as relate to, or concern any lands, tenements, or here-cced[ng«of ditaments, fo to be purchased as aforefaid; and all receipts the court, which the said cafhier or cafhiers of the bank shall give for any and receipts fum or Turns of money paid into the bank, in confequence °f any such verdidt and judgment; shall be entered into a diftinfl inp^ book or books, which shall be kept among the records of the per bookstand faid court: and the said verdidls, judgments, fentences, decrees, kept among and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken *j|c records °f to be records, to all intents and purposes wbatfoever; and the	foal? be

fame, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be deemed good good and effc&ual evidence and proof in any court or courts of evidence of law or equity wbatfoever: and all persons mall and may have th* fa&«* recourfe to the fame gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for may^h*!* every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, four pence, and thereto, and fo proportionably for any greater number of words: and im- copies taken mediately on such payment, and entry of such verdi<5ts, judge- there°A ments, fentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings, of the and enuy^ * (aid court and juries* and of such receipt or receipts o? the said made as afore-cafhier or cafhiers as aforesaid, all the eftite, right, title, inte- faffi, the right reft, ufe, truft,* property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, and property of the person or persons for whofe ufe such money shall be paid, ®es j8ct£^ft " in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, it, the corpo* and premises, shall veil in the said mayor and commonalty and ration ab(p-citizens, or the person or persons to whom the mayor, alder- lute|y* men, and commons of the said city, in common council aflem-bled, shall order, direct, or appoint such conveyances to be made; and they shall refpeftively be deemed in law to be in the a&uai feifin or poflefiion thereof, to all intents and purposes whatfo-ever, as fully and effectually, as if every pepfqn, having any estate in the premifies, had actually conveyed the fame to them by leafe and releafe, bargain and fale, inrolled feoffment with livery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance wbatfoever : and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whofe ufe such payment was made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and conftjrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all eftates tail, in reveriion or remainder, agaioft the iffue and iflues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as ,£ffe&ually as a fine and recovery, or either of them, would do, jf levie ‘ or fuffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

G +	VI.	PrQr

88	Anno	tricefimo	tcrdo Georgii II. c. 30.	[1760,

The purchafe- VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for w^tlinouhc	court may°r an^ aldermen, after such payment into

partie^ijne-	anc*	mtry	as	aforefaid, upon the petition or any per-

retted, may be fon or persons in whom the legal eftate, in pofleflion, of such placed out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, was vefted at the time of the said payment into the batik, to place out or inveft, or to caufe to be placed out or invefted, such fum or (urns of money, or any part thereof, in forne of the publick funds, or on government fecuTity, at intereft, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the said city, for the time being; pnd the fame fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, after the death or removal of any of them, be, by the fur-vivors or furvivor of them, transferred into the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the said city, for the time being; and fo, from time to time, as often as any one of the said officers shall happen to die, or be removed, in truft, to transfer and affign the fame to such person or persons to whom the premifles (hat! Wlong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and in the mean time, in truft, to pay the intereft: and dividends arifing therefrom to such person or persons, fo in pofleffion of the said premifles as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That all and every person or persons who would be intitied to recover the mefne profits of the premifles againft the person or persons fo in pofleffion, in cafe the fame had hot been fo conveyed to, or vefted in, the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be intitied to recover the

the public funds, &c.

in the names pfthe chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller for the time bring,

in fruft, to the interest and dividends to the £ud parties.

Tb* persons intitied to recover .the mefne profits of the pre-snilTes againft the perlons in

pofleffion, ^um or ^UII1S t0 ar*k fr°m interefts and dividends as aforesaid, are intitied tp by a&ion of debt, or otherwife, againft the person or persons recover thejn- who shall receive the fame ; and the governor and company of ter5^,ra(?ne>> the bank of England are hereby authorized and required to obey tsto'obsy any	and orders, from time to time, as shall be made by

order of the 7 the said court of mayor and aldermen, for the payment of fuefi court made fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, in order to the for th^t pur- feme being invefted in publick fecurities as aforesaid : and the f>ut the city is mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or not to be di- persons to whom the find premifles (hall, by the mayor, alder-it orbed in men, and commons of the said city, in common council aflem-their poflef- bled, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall 10n*	be quieted in the feifin and pofleflion of the lands, tenements,

and hereditaments, for which such money shall be fo paid as nor isaccount-aforefaid, and shall not be anfwerable or accountable, in any able for the court of law or equity, for the money fo depofited and placed oin^dFore- out as	any btherwife than according to the tenor, pur-

port, and trite meaning, of this a<5t.

VIIL And be it further enaefted, That in cafe any feme covert is or* shall be feifed/ in fee Ample, or in tail, general or fpecial, or for life, of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, foto be purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as aforesaid, or of any interest in the fame, to her feparate ufe, free from the contfoul

or

faid.

Where feme

jeovert is (eif-ed io fee Ample, &c. in any of the premifles to her foie ami Separate ufe.

 LjOoq le

I760J Anno triccfimotcrrioGEORGii II. c. 30J	89

or intermeddling of her hulband, the purchafe-tnoney arifing the purchafe* from the fale of such estate or interest of such feme covert, on	tobe

the conveyance of such estate or interest to the said mayor and	^rat~

commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as afore- truft, to be re-faid, shall be paid to such person or persons as (he (hall, by invefted in writing under her hand, nominate to receive the fame, in truft, ®th®r *° to be re-invefted in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fame ufcs. conveyed and fettled for such ufes, eftate, and intereft, as the laid feme covert had in the premifles fo purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or per-ions, as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The m0liey

That the principal money arifing from the fale of any houfes, payable in edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be refpedfc of purchased for the purposes contained in this adfc of any body |and!» Incorporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, beipg feof- corporate0 fees in truft, guardians, committees, or other truftees, shall be bodies, &c. paid to them refpeflively, or to such persons as they lhall re- is to be paid fpe&ively nominate to receive the feme, in truft, with all con- tjnm or venient (peed then afterwards to be reinvefted in the purchafe of	***

other mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be be reinvefted conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjedt to, the like in otherlandsf ufes, -trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the to ^ houfes, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whichfameufrgf shall be purchased from them refpedfively by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as afore-

feid, were refpedtively fettled, limited, or aflured, at the time of fiich the purchasing of the feme, or fo many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and fettlements, shall be exifting and capable of taking cffedh

X.	And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforesaid. That All bargains all bargains and fales whatfoever, to be made and acknowledged and (ales in by any person or persons whomsoever, and which shall be in* aa ^nd rolled in the huftings of the feid city,, of any such lands, tcne- inroHeci in the -ments, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased by virtue of huttings,

and for the purposes of this adt, shall have the force, eflfed}, deemed good and operation, in law, to all intents and purpofes, which any and valid in fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever, would have, iflaw* levied or fuffered bv the bargainer or bargainers, or anv person or persons feifed or any estate in-the premifles, in truft, for or to the life of such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Memoriahof That all and every person and persons whofoever, having or all claims of claiming any right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and de- right, &c. to mand whatfoever, whether in poffeffion, reversion, remainder, or expedtancy; in, to, or out of, any lands, tenements, or he- ^chafed and reditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this adt, conveyed os shall be purchased and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to aforesaid, be conveyed, by any such bargain and fale as aforefeid, (hall, are to be en-within the fpace of five yearsj to be computed from the date of tered, withw



go	Anno	triccfimo tcrtio GEORGII II. C. 30.	[17&V

the date of the the inrollment of such bargain and fall, enter a memorial of ^eir right, ritle, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and do* and foie, with ®an^» in a book to be for that purpofe prepared and kept by tlie town the town clerk of the said city; which book the saidtown cleric clerk;	is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for

his fee foren- which entry he shall be Entitled to such fee, and no other, as fame* * * the regifter of the county of Middltfex is by law intitled to, for All claims not the regiftry of a memorial containing the fame number of words ; enteredorpro and all and every person or persons whofoever, not entering such Teemed within right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such man-null and void. ner> as afc>refaid, or, having fo entered the fame, and not pro-‘ Ifecuting fuch* their right, claim, or demand, with effe<&, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, ufc, equity, property, claim* or demand whatfoever, whether in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expe&ancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the laid premiffes, and every part thereof; and the fakl mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and thofe claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the poffeffion of aH such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises 5 any law, ftatute, ufage, matter, or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Perfons W- XII. Provided neverthelefs, That any person or persons, bar-r,e<h°*&hCir re^ any	intereft,	claim,	or	demand	what-

by virtue of f°evcr> to> °* out 0£ the kid lands, tenements, and heredi* this a&, may taments, by virtue of this a<ft, shall be at liberty to bring an bring their adion or actions of debt, or for money bad and received to his, action for the her, or their ufe, or take such other legal remedy as he, (he, or ney received" t^ley» Iball think proper, againft any person or persons or the kc.	9	l*gal reprefentative of any person or persons, who received the

purchafe-money arifihg from such fale of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or premiffes aforefaid* and that in every such cafe, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any eftatc or interest in the fame, shall recover the said purchafe-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mefne profits of the premises which they would have been in-titled to recover, in cafe this aft had not been made.

Tenants at XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every tenant at will, or lefleei wiH, or leffee for a year, or other person or persons, in poffef-h>r a year,&c. fion of any fdch lands* tenements, hereditaments, and premiffes, up^mibediMe 0,1 any Part thereof, which shall be purchafedby virtueof, and poflefuon of for the purposes of this a<$, and who shall have no greater in-the premiffes, tereft in the premiffes than a tenant at will, or as leffee by pg-. role for a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the pof-feflion of such premiffes immediately to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor* aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council affemblcd, shall appoint to tafce poffeffion of the fgrae, iq cafe

the

1760,] Anno tricofimo tertio Georgii IL c. 30.	91

the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the laid city, in com? mon council aflembled, or such perfim or persons authorized by upon pay-them, shall pay or tender to him or them fix months rent of the ment, orten-fame premifles, or shall give him or them twelve months notice dcr» to quit such pofleflion, when such person or persons in pofleflion (hall, at the end of the (aid twelve months, or fo (bon after as ties to quit he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the fame; the pofleflion of the (aia premises to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or the person or persons authorized by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council aflembled, to take pofleflion thereof: and that in and if they cafe any such person or persons, fo in pofleflion as aforesaid, (hall	I*™

refufe to give such pofleflion as aforesaid, then it shall and may	^he	*

be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen to court may if-iflue their precept or precepts to the (heriffs of the said city, to fue their pre-deliver pofleflion of the premifles to such person or persons as SfP*. *°the (hall, in such precept or precepts, be nominated to receive the ^oare to defame : and the (aid (herifls are hereby required to deliver such ijVer pofleflion pofleflion accordingly of the said premifles, and to levy such accordingly, cofts as shall accrue from the iffuing and execution of such pre- and l*jythe cept or precepts, on the person or persons lb refilling to give cution ***" pofleflion as aforesaid, by diflrefs and fale of his, her, or their goods.	*

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Mortgage*, That all and every person and persons, who shall have any mort~ upon tender # gage or mortgages on such lands, tenements, and hereditaments °f the princi-M aforesaid, not being irv pofleflion thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, (hall, on the tender of the principal gather with' money and interest due thereon, together wjth fix months in-half a year's tcreft of the laid principal money, by the mayor, aldermen, and extra intereft* commons, of the said city, in common council aflembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately afiign are to aflign fiich mortgage or mortgages to the said mayor and commonalty,ovcr thcir and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, alder-men, and commons, of the said city, in common council af-	79

fern bled, shall appoint; or in cafe fiich mortgagee or mortgagees or otherwife, shall have notice, in writing, from the mayor, aldermen, and upon6months commons, of the said city, in common council aflembled, or glvcn the person or persons fo by them appointed, that they will pay and payment off and difeharge the principal and interest which shall be due on of the princi-thefaid mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of fixp»landinte-months, to be computed from such notice given s that then, at JJJail be* then the end of the (aid fix.tnonths, on payment of the principal and due,

Intereft (b due, fudt mortgagee or mortgagees shall aflign their interest in the premifles to the (aid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council aflembled, shall if they refufe, appoint: and in cafe such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refufe the interest to fo to aflign as aforefeid, on. such tender or payment, that then thax time'r qU interest on every such mortgage (ball ccafe.	'

XV, And



92	Anno	tricefimo	tcrtio	Georgii	II.	c.	30.	[1760."

and upon pay- XV. And be it farther enadted T»y the authority aforefaid* prlncj0^al*and That uP°n	°f	the	principal	money	and	intereft due on

intereft^oto anT‘ mortgage as aforefaid* into the bank* at the end of fix the bank, at months from such notice as aforefaid* for the ufe of the mort-the end of 6 gagee or mortgagees, to be paid him* her, or them, at such time JSch^tice>in 35 ^e kid court rf mayor and aldermen shall order and diffedt 5 for th°ufe of the cafliier or cafhiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts such mortga- for the (aid money, in like manner as is herein before directed* gee*	in cafes of other payments into the bank ; and thereupon all the

ftier's'reei t c^atc> right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and de-taken for tlSe TOand» of the said mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every person fame,	or persons in truft for him, her, or them, shall veft in the said

the right of mayor and commonalty* and citizens 5 and they shall be deem-eisto^S* ^ to ,n a^ua^ P°^®on of ^he premifles comprized in w the city. fach mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purposes what-foever.

The purchafe- XVI. And be it farther enafled by the authority aforesaid, t0 That all fums of money, or other conflderation, recompence, ed to th^rar^" or fat*sfa<ftion, to be paid and made purfuant to any such agree-ties,	ment or verdidt as aforesaid, or which (h^ll be due on such mort-

*nd on their gage, shall be tendered to the party or parties' intitled to the tof ac' lame 5 and in cafe of refufal to accept the fame, shall be paid in-hthentobe^10 *be bank En$an&\ before the mayor, aldermen, andcorh-paid into the mons, of the said city, in common council aflembled, or any bank,	perfon or persons authorized or appointed by them, shall proceed

be/orethepre, to pUj^ down any house or houfes, or other eredfions and made ufeof; buildings, or to ufe the ground for the pUrpofes of this adt : and the monies to the said monies shall be paid into, and the accounts thereof be, (land in the from time to time, carried on by the bank, in the names of the namc*of t.he chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of “XT' t*le kid city, for the time being, in truft for the persons intitled and comptrol- to the said monies, er, in truft for the parties intitled thereto.

XVII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid* fine theftie- That the said court of mayor and aldermen, shall have power, rifts, their de- from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine, not exceed-putiet, bailiffs, ing the Aim of ten pounds, on such (herifft, or their deputy or or agents, deputies, bailiffs or agents refpedlively, making default in the premifles, and on any of the persons who shall be fummoned jurymen, apd returned on any such jury or juries, who shall not appear*

evidences OI* w^° re^e to be ^worn on the said jury or juries, or,

* being fo fworn, shall not give his or their verdidt; and also on any person or persons who shall be fummoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or and all other faall remfe to be fworn, or who, being fworn, shall rpfufe to persons, mak- give his, her, or their evidence; also on any other person or ir»g default in persons who (hall, in any other manner, wilfully negledt his or and?ev^theSl thc'r duty m .thc Prcmi*fes, contrary to the true intent and fame by di- meaning of this^dfc ; and from time to time to levy such fine ftrpfs and fale, or fines, by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods* by warrant under the h^nd jjnd feaj, or h*nc)s and feals, of any juftice

qt

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 39.	93

or juftices of the peace, together with the reafonable charges of every such diftrefs and falc, returning the overplus (if any) to to be applied the owner: and all such fines shall be applied to the ufe of the ^d/welT and poor of the hofpitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, within the said Bethlehem city, and be paid for that purpofe to the treasurer of the said hofpitals. hofpitals for the time being.	<

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it hereby ena&cd and declared where the by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, body proprietors or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall be applied to, by **

or on behalf of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said	an^ ^nm

city, in common council fcflembled, to treat for, fell, difpofe of, veyance of or convey, for any of the purposes of this a<ft, any part or parts any premises of any houfe, warehoufe, yard, or ground, in the adtual occu- lct by tilcm» pation of one tenant, or of fevera! joint tenants $ and the per-fon or persons, body or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, fignify their fo applied to, (hall, by notice in writing, to be left at the comp- inclination to troller's office in the guildhall of the said city within thirty days trcat»&c* next after such application, fignify his, her, or their inclination or defire to treat for, fell, difpofe of, and convey, the whole of such houfe, warehoufe, yard, or ground 5 then and in every such the whole pf cafe, the whole of every such houfe, warehoufe, yard, or ground, lhall be deemed, taken, - and held, to be neceflary to be pur* ^ncceffiurTo chafed, for effecting the purpofes* of this aft: and if it shall be pm^aZi} happen that the mayor? aldermen, and commons, of the (aid but if the > city, jn common council afiemblod, shall not think proper or court fliallnot be willing to purchafe the whole of such houfe, warehoufe, yard, dr ground, then, and imevery such cafe, nothing in this £bole, the ad contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to compel proprietors the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers thereof, to treat for, are not botjad fell, difpofe of, or convey, any part of such houfe, warehoufe,to yard^ or ground; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted by theautho- Such parts of rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the any mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the (aid city, in common %£tbeStoefj council aflembled, or any person or persons in whom any house fafy for the * or ground shall be veiled by virtue of this a6l, to let, fell, or opening or difpofe of, so much or such parts thereof, as shall not be necef- widening of fcry for the opening or widening of any of the said streets, lanes,

ways, and paffages, to any person or persons, to and for foch f0idby the ufeor ufes as they shall think proper,	court, or pro-

XX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho* prietors.

rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the A committee mayor, aldermen,, and commons, of the (aid city, in common ma.y aP-council aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and im- dele-powered, from time to time, to appoint a committee to manage gated to them and tranfadt such matters .and things as shall be neceflary in or for carrying . about the executicn of the purposes intended by this adfc 5 which 1 fC.furp^s committee fo to be appointed, shall have foch or so much of °0executfen* the powers and authorities by this adt given to the mayor^ al-	*

tfcrmcn, and commons, of. the said city, jn common council

4cm-





94

ed, may be of such committee.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. 0.30.	[1760^

afiembled, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, ofthefaid city, in common council aflcmbled, (hall, from dole to time* think fit or proper to delegate to such committee, but no perfon* XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho-here defcrib- rity aforesaid, That no person concerned in building, or dealing in any materials for building, shall be capable of a&ing as a member of any committee fo to be appointed, or intruded to manage or conduit the execution of the purposes aforesaid ; neither shall any person be eligible or capable of a&ing as a member of such committee, during such time as he shall have qr execute any office or place of profit by or under the authority of this a£t, or hold any place or employment under the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or during such rime as he shall have any (hare or interest in any contra# or agreement for effe&ing the purposes aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas by the pulling down ftveral of the said boufes and buildings or fome port or parts thereof and laying the fame into Jlreets and ways for the purposes aforejaidy the refterst vicars 9 or curatesy of the refpeftive parijhes wherein such boufes and buildings refpetlively now Jlandy will fa deprived of their remedy for recovering the tytheSy or yearly Jims of money, or cuftomary payments in lieu of tytheSy now charged on such refpeftive boufes or buildings* and payable by the refpeftive occupiers thereofunlefs fome provifion Jball be made by this aft for the future payment of the same ; be it The tythe,See. therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That whatever the charged on tythe, or yearly fum of money, or cudomary payment in lieu of tythe, charged on any mefluages, tenements, or buildings, to be pulled down and laid into dreets and ways under the authority of this alt, shall be valued or afcertained at, by any jury to be impanelled by virtue of this alt, shall be dedu&ed out of to be deduced the fum at which the said meffuages, tenements, or buildings, purchafe-mo-	va^u®^	or afeertained, and the fame shall be paid into

ney, and paid the chamber of the city of London, for the ufe of the (aid city: into' the	and all such tythes, fums of money, or cudomary payments in

chamber of	lieu thereof, which shall be in arrear, or shall then after become

due and payable to the re&ors, vicars, or curates, of the said re-fpe&ive parilhes wherein such houfes, buildings, or tenements, refpeltively are, for or in refpdt of any such hbufes, buildings, or tenements, which, or whereof any part or parts, shall be fo pulled down and laid into dreets or ways, shall for ever then afterwards be charged upon all and every the manors, meduages, lands, tenements, markets, fairs, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city, in pofieffion or reverfion, but without prejudice to all precedent charges thereon; and such arrears shall be forthwith paid; and the growing payments shall then after be pay-

___________ able to the re&ors, vicars, or curates, of the said several parifhes

lain to the re- refpeltively, and their fucceffors for the time being, for ever, fpe&ire rec- clear of all taxes and dedultions, by the chamberlain of the said cars a&c Vfr c*ry ^or tltnc being, at f°ur m°A ufual quarterly feads, ofail taxes ^ or days of payment, in every year (that is to by) the annunciation

any meflu-ages, to be pulled down and laid Into the dreets, is

London, and is to be thereafter chargeable with all arrears thereof, on the city lands, &c.

and paid Quarterly by the Chamber-



1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.	95

tion of the blefled Virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Bap- *nd deduc-tift, the feaft of Saint Mickail the Archangel, and the nativity of t*ons, our blefled Saviour, by equal payments fh every year; the first payment thereof to begin and commence on such of the said feaft days as shall first and next happen after the pulling down any of such houfes, buildings, or tenements, or any part or parts thereof, and laying the fame into the streets and ways a-forefaid, for the purposes aforesaid.

XXni. And whereas so much of the at7, pqffed in the eleventh Aft u Geo.i. year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the First, intituled^ An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned, as relates to the pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls between boufe and houfey is confined to cafes where one of the houses is to be ere fled or built 5 and it may happen that party walls within the said city, or liberties thereof may be fo far out of repair as to render it necejfary to pull down and rebuild the famey although neither of the adjoining houses require to be new built: and whereas the workmen,, appointed by virtue of the said recited off to examine party walls, are often equally divided in opinion about the neceffity of rebuilding thefamey whereby a certificate from the major part of Jucb workmen, as by the said re-cited aft is required, cannot be obtained, and the purposes of the said acty in many inflames, have been evaded 5 be it therefore enafted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the So much of faid recited aft as relates to party walls, within the said city or th® recited liberties, (hall, from and after the paflingof this present aft, ex- p^y waU$, tend, and be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend, to all i3 to extend * cafes whatfoever, within the said city or liberties, where it is or to all cafes shall be neceflary to pull down and rebuild any party wall, whe- ™|icrc it (halt ther either of the adjoining houses shall or shall not be, or re-quired to be, rebuilt or new built: and that from and after the and rebuild palling of this present aft, in cafe :he major part of the workmen any party wall appointed, in manner by the said recited aft preferibed, to view withm the ci* the party wall of any house or houfes, within the said city or ^rfieschere. liberties, intended to be pulled down, shall not, within the (pace 0f 5 of one month next after such appointment, fign a certificate in and where a writing, as by the said act is required, then, and in every such majority of cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor (haiiWrefufe to and aldermen of the said city, and they are hereby authorized fign a certifi. and required, upon application to them for that purpofc made, cate purfuant by the owner or occupier of either of the houses between which thc aft* the party wall fo propofet} to be pulled down, shall be, to name on^Miwtion and appoint one other able workman to be added, to the work- to them, may men appointed by virtue or in purfuancc of the said recited aft : appoint ano-and the workmen, fo appointed by virtue or in purfuance of thetl,cr w°r.kr5atl faid former aft, and of this present aft, or the major part °f ^^umbcr*° them, who shall meet for that purpofc (reafonable notice having w	1

been given to ail of them of such intended meeting) shall view the party wall, fo propofed to be pulled down: and >1 cafe the and the majo-major part of such workmen shall certify in writing, under their nty certifying

hands, taeiculHm



96

Anno tiicefimo tcrtio Georgii II. c. 30.	[1750#

fucb wall to be hands, that such party wall is defective and bad, and ought to bad,	be pUUed down, then, and in such cafe, it shall and may be

puHed°down	to anc* f°r ®wner or occupier of either of the laid ad-

and rebuilt,* joining houses to caufe such party wall to be pulled down and fubje& how- rebuilt, and he or (he shall have such remedy for recovering a ever tothede. moiety of the expences thereof, as in and by faid recited a d isL thehifticSn8*ven or provided ; fubjed neverthelefs to mch appeal and de-* upol^appTal to termination, by the juftices of the peace of and for the said cithern.	ty, as by the fame ad is direded.

XXIV, And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the fpread~ ing of the fatal effects of fire within the said city and liberties, if party walls between house and houfe, within the fame, were to be made of greater thicknefs than is preferibed by the aft, pajfed in the Ad 7 Anne seventh year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituledt An act for making more effedual an ad, made in the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, for the better preventing of mifehiefe that may happen by fire; and if no timbers, except the timbers of the roof girders, and the templets under the fame, were laid into the party walls \ and if the ends of the girders, lying within the said party walls, did not exceed one foot; and if none of the ends of the girders in adjoining houses met, or were lend oppofite to each othery and the fsdes thereof were laid at leaf nine inches difiant from each other ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid. That Party walls, all party walls which, from and after the expiration of three for the future, calendar months next after the palling of this ad, shall be erec-are 10 be two ted or built within the said city or liberties thereof, shall be two half thick in*	anc* a half thick at the lead, in the cellar, and two bricks,

the cellar, and thick upwards, to the top of the garret floor 5 and that the fame two bricks	(hall be built of (lone, or of good, found, hard, well burnt bricks,

upward $	an(j none other; and also that, from and after the expiration of

an no tun- ^ fajj three calendar months, no timbers, except the timbers of the roof, girders, and the templets under the fame, shall be laid into the party walls ereded or built, or to be ereded or built, within the said city or liberties; and that the ends of girdei hitoTu^feme • ty*ng within such party walls, shall not exceed one foot; ar the girders ' that none of the ends of the girders, in adjoining houfes, (h; not to be more meet, or be laid oppofite to each other; and that the (ides thcr than 1 foot cf Hiall be at leaft nine inches diftant from each other: and and^iotto any head builder, matter bricklayer, or workman, shall ere and build, or caufe to be ereded and built, any party wall, with in the said city or liberties, contrary to the eiredions, true in tent, and meaning of this ad, or shall ufe, in the building then of, any bricks, other than good, found, hard, well burnt bricks or shall lay any timber in any party wall ereded or built, c to be 9 inches which shall be ereded or built, within the said city or libertiei di**h0t h™? contrary to the diredions, true intent, and meaning of this a6 ^penalty of t*len head builder, matter bricklayer, or workman, (hal, forfeiting 501. for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, for every of- to be equally divided, one moiety thereof to the informer, and fence in any the moiety to the poor of the parish where such building °f the pre-	£c> ancj tQ ^ ievied by warrant under the hands and Teals

of

bers, except thofe of the roof, girders, and templets, are to be laid

meet, or be oppofite to tnofe in the adjoining boufes, and the (ides

snides;



1760.] | Anno tricesimo terrio GeoRGH II. C. 30.	97

of two or more of- his Majesty's juftices of the peace, by diftreft to be divided

and fale of the offender's goods, upon convidtion upon oath

pne or more credible witnefs or witncffes, or upon his or theif Qf the

own confeffion, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner pariO), &c.

or owners: and, for want of such diftrefs, the offcnder shall be

imprifoned for the fpaceof fix months, urilefs the said penalty

(hall be fooner paid, by warrant under the hands and feals of

the said twp juftices, who are hereby required dnd impoweredto

ifliie such warrants accordingly.

XXV. And whereas several noufes within the said city and liberties art, in part, ere fled or built over the grounds of other proprietors, or the several floors, rooms, or parts thereof \ are the property of different per font, whereby difficulties and difputes ,may arife amongft the said several owners or proprietors, touching the pulling down and rebuilding the said premiffes, or the party walls thereof \ and such rebuilding may thereby be prevented or delayed, to the great injury and inconvenience of such of the owners as are deferous to rebuild the fame\ for remedy thereof, and in order to prevent the fatal effects of Where a part, fire, be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That when any owner of a houfe, within the said city or liberties, in part eredted or built house gone to overgroqnd being the property of fome other perfon»or where- d£f,%us to re-of the fevfcral floors, rooms, or parts, are the property of different build tbefame, persons, shall be fo decayed as to make the owner of the said but the other ground, or of any part or the said houfe, defirous to rebuildthe P3*1®8	•

lame, and the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of such [Jin therein, houfe, or of any part or parts of the said houfe, (hill not be able	*

or willing to join, or by reafon of any legal difability cannot join in such rebuilding, then, and in every such cafe, it shall the court, and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen upon applica-of the said city, and they are hereby authorized and required, jherad upon application to them by the party fo defiring to rebuild, tp pj^tflcsto * iffue their order to the (heriffs of London to fummon a jury to be furveyed be and appear before the said court, at such time as the said by a jury * court shall appoint, then and there to try whether the premiffes ought to be rebuilt or not, and to caufe notice thereof to b'e given to or left at such premiffes, for such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers: and if such jury shall be of opinion and if they that the premiffes o,ught to be rebuilt, and any of the said own- shall be of ersor occupiers, or fome j>erfoh Qr perlbns on his, her, or their ^hefa^eoueht behalf,(halInot,incourt,uponfuchverdi<ft,declareandfignifytheir to be rebuilt, confent and readinefs to him in the expence of filch rebuilding, and any of the then such jury shall be again impannelled and fwprn to enquire Part*f8 shall and fix the value of the part or parts of the said house belonging confenuojoin to the person or persons fo refufing of negledting to'fignify, or*mthe ex-bcing legally difabled from giving his, her, or their confent to pence, such rebuilding; and, upon payment or tender of the value, the jury is to which shall be awarded by such jury, to fhe p^fty or parties in- "j™ terefted, ^f he,' (he, or they can be found within the said city, fon'8 partf or the liberties thereof, or updn payment thcfeof into the bank and uponpay-of Ragland y in the name of the chamberlain of the said city for roent or ten-Vol, XXIII.	H	;./•	;

1	&C,





9&	Aftno	tticeftiho	twrio	GeoR6H U. c. 30. f 17604

the time being, for the ufe and behoof of the person of petfons • intitled thereto, in cafe he, (he, or they cannot be found within the said city or liberties, the estate ana interest of the party ttt parties. To refufmg or rtegleAing, or being disabled as aforesaid, the premilles of, in, or to the said premilles, Khali veft in the person or per* to veft in the fons applying for and obtaining such award or verdiA; and S?r^the>ver^n" bc> ^lc' or ^ey immediately proceed to pull down and re-6'&f who may build the said house and premilles, and any or every part there** proceedto pull of; and shall from thenceforth hold and enjoy the fame for ever; down and re- againft such owners and occupiers, and his, her, and their heirs, build the executors, admimftfators, and affigns, and all other perfon* amc*	whatfoever.

Whereaparty	XXVI. Provided always, and be it enaAed by the authority

aforefaid, That in all cafes where any party Wall within the faia by virtue'of city or liberties Khali, by virtue of the said recited aA Of the e-*& 11 Geo. 1. leventh year of his late Majesty's reign, and of this prfefcnt a A; and rebuilt fce pOlkd down, and rebuilt agreeable to the directions of thi* present aA, by the owner or occupier of ofte of the adjoining 6fCFhfc aft,	houfes, the expehce of such party wall (hill be eftimated and

the expence computed at and after the rate ot seven pounds per rod; anjr Ihall be com- thing in the said former aA to the contrary thereof in any wile ootwithftanding.

**	*	XXVII.	Provided also, and be It enaAed by the authority a*-

«nd where any forefaid. That in all cafes where any party wall lhall be ereAfcd Sud^bebuilt ^ built, agreeable to the direAions of this present aA, in exteu-agrecable to ^on any contraA or contraAs entered into with the buildet* the direAions or worktnan before the first day of March, one thousand seven of this aft, hundred and fixty, the expence Of such party wall lhall be 5 an^ebn^ ^mate^ and computed at and after the rate of seven pounds p& traft entered T°d * any thing in such cOntraA or contraAs to the contrary irito before 1 thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

March, 1760, the expence {hall be computed in like manner.

X X VIII. And whereat houses and tenements in several parts if the said city of London, and the liberties thereof are often, either from litigated titles thereto, or the obftinacy or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof or of parties interejled therein, in fo ruinous a condition, that paffengers paffing thereby are in danger of their lives, from the falling thereof or of bricks or timber therefrom ; and often are hurt by the falling of the walls thereof or of bricks or timber therefrom; be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforesaid. Where any That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoO-k°Ufe °tihn knc* seven hundred and fixty, if any prefentment lhall be made ^prefentedas by any inqueft or grand jury in London, that any hoiffes or te-in a ruinods nefnents in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, are condition, in such ruinous condition, it shall be lawful for the court of the coart shall mayor and aldermen, and the (aid court is hereby required, on order a fUffi- notice of any such prefentment being made, and on a copy cient hoard to thereof being laid before4 them, to caule, with all convenient forethefiimc" t^cn afterwards, a proper and fiifficient hoard to be put 9 up to guard all such ruinous houses and tenements from the publick ftreet, and to caufe notice in writing to be given to the

owner

 ^ooQie

!$&>;}	Anno tri&fimo tertio Georg 11II. c. go.

99

omoe^fl owoers^ or other person or persons intereded therein, ^d giveno-or they, can be found in the laid city of London or tice to the the liberties thereof; and if not, to caufe such notice in writing owner to take tb be left at the premifie* in fuch^ruinous condition; to repair thefame, or to take down such buildings, as the cafe shall re- sliding*

n* e, within the fpace of fix days then next enfuing: and if forthwith % t owner or owners, or other person or persons intereded in and if such any fiach houses or tenements, shall not repair or take down the shall not fatoc, within the said fpace or fix days after any such notice as with^K^ afordaid shall be given or left as afprefaid, then, on proof, on court may on oath, being made of any such notice being fo given or left, caufe such the said court is hereby authorized and required, with all con-	tor

vesient (peed then afterwards, to order and caufe all or so much <fownfCaU4 of. such houses or tenements as are or shall be in such ruinous fecurcd s condition, and likely to be dangerous to paflengers palling thereby, to be taken down and iecured, in such manner as (hall, from time to tuene, be thought requifite: and all the charges of putting and levy thi up every fiich hoard, and taking down and securing all or (o charges on much ot such ruinous houses or tenements as shall be necedary to be taken down or made fecure, for the fafety of pafiengers found j pafiing that way, (hall, from time to time, be paid by the owner or owners of such houses or tenements, if known, and he,

(he, or they* can be met with, within the (aid city of London, or the liberties thereof: and if such owner or owners (hall, on demand thereof, neglect or refufe to pay the fame, then <fuch charges may be levied, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and teals, of any (uch judice or iuftices of the peace, by diftreft and (ale of the goods and chattels of such owner or owners, if any such can be found in the said city of London; and if no fitch owner or owners can be met with in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, or fufficient diftrefs of his, her, or their goods or chattels cannot be met with, wherefrom such cods and charges may be levied j then, and in every such cafe, the per- or oa the fu-(bn or persons, who (hall, at any time then after, occupy any1 TboufS such houses or tenements,or the ground whereon the fame dood, c f is and are hereby required and authorized to pay the fame, and to deduA the fame out of the rent thereof: and if he, (he, or they, shall negleA or refute to pay such charges, then the fame (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any luch juft ice or judice$ as aforesaid, be levied by didrefs and fide of* the goods and chattels of any such occupier or occupiers, in manner as other didrefles and fales are by this a A dirsAed to be made, together with the cods of every such di-fircfe and (ale; and the landlord and landlords of the premides which is to be is and are hereby required to allow every such occupier and oc-	In

cupiers all such charges which he, (he, or they, shall fo pay, or' which shall be recovered by didrefs and fale from him, her, or them, as afordbid, upon receipt of the refpeAive rent: and every occupier, paying any such charges, shall be acquitted and ^ifeherged, for so much money as he, (he, or they, shall fo pay, as if the fame had been aAually paid to such person or

H a	per-

rent.





IOO

The money recovered to be paid to the chamberlain.

Where the pavements of the llreets shall be damaged by the breaking up the fame, to amend or relay any water pipes. See.

any juftice, upon complaint, or view thereof, may give notice at the office of the proprietors of the water works, See. to makegood, or new lay such pavements forthwith i

and if such order shall not be complied with.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. C. 30.	[1760.

perfons, to whom his, her, or their rent should have been due or payable; and such money, as the fame, (hall, from time to time, be received or recovered, lhall be paid to the chamberlaii} of the said city, and be by him from time to time placed to the credit of the ca(h of the said city of London.

XXIX. And whereas the pavements of the fireets in the city of London and the liberties thereof are frequently damaged, by the breaking up of the same to amend or new lay water pipes, or to lay water therefrom, belonging to proprietors of water-works, and by improper laying of such water pipes, and also by the burjling, leaking, or ouzing of water pipes belonging to the proprietors of water-works; and such pavements are fometimes relaid, and also amended, by pa-viours employed by such proprietors of water-works, with bad materials, and in an improper manner, and whiljl the ground is wet by the ouzing of the pipes, and by reafon thereof the pavement made on the ground when Jo wet often gives way, and has holes therein ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at anytime after the said twenty fourth day of June, it shall be made appear, on oath, before anyjuftice or juftices of the peace of the said city of London, by any credible perfon, or shall be found on the view of any such justice or juftices, or by the prefent-ment of any inqueft or grand jury of the said city, that any • pavement in the said city or liberties thereof, is damaged by the breaking up the fame to amend or re-lay any water pipe or pipes, or to lay water therefrom, belonging to the proprietors of any ' water-works, or by the burfting, or leaking, or ouzing of any water pipe or pipes belonging to the proprietors of any waterworks, or by the improper laying of any water pipe or pipes in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, belonging ta any proprietors of water-works; or that any such pavement hath been laid down, amended, or new or relaid, by any pavi-our employed by or under any proprietors of water-works, with bad materials, or in an improper manner; then, and in any of the said cafes, it shall be lawful for any such justice or juftices to caufe notice thereof, in writing, to be given or left, by the party or parties complaining, at the public office of the proprietors of the water-works to whom such water pipes which shall have occafioned any such damage shall belong, or by whole paviour any pavement shall have been fo defectively laid new, or re-laid, or amended, with bad materials, or in an improper manner, or with their collector of the diftrict in which any such default in pavement shall be, to make good, amend, or new-lay, in a proper manner, every such pavement, within the fpace of three days next after every such notice, in writing, shall be fo given or left as aforesaid : and if the proprietors of such water-works shall not, within the said fpace of three days next after every such notice, in writing, shall be fo given or left as aforesaid, caufe, at their cofts and charges, every such defeCHve pavement to be well and effectually re-laid, repaired, or amended, with good materials, and in a proper and effectual manner, it shall be lawful for any such justice or juftices of the said city to ,2	caufe





. 17&0.J . Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.	uyi

caufc every such pavement, defedtive or improper pavement, to fucli Juftice be well and effedtually relaid, repaired, or amended, with good may Iet mcn materials, and in a proper and effectual manner, by any pavi-10'*0™* our or paviours any such justice or juftices shall think fit to employ for that purpofe, having regard to the condition such pavement was in before the fame was damaged by any of the means aforesaid : and every paviour who, purfuant to any order of any who /hall be such justice or juftices, shall relay, or new lay, repair, amend, P«d their ' or make good, any such pavement, or defective or improper afaSSnedby pavement, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, be paid the a juftice, ^ charges of doing thereof, as the fame shall be afeertained under the hand or hands of fome justice or juftices of the said city of London^ who is and are hereby refpefiively authorized to alcer- * tain the fame; and also to determine and adjudge whether all or who is like-what part of such charges ought to be paid by the proprietors of wife to deter-(uch water-works, or whether any and what part thereof ought Tin#b^ ^hom to be paid by the person or persons who was or were liable by	c9w

law to have made good such pavement, in cafe the fame had not thereof, ought been damaged by fome of the means as aforesaid : and if the pro- to be paid ; prietors of such water-works shall not, on demand being made an(J ont^cir at their public office, or on their colledtor of the diftritt as a- refufal of forefaid,of the money which shall be ordered to be paid by them payment achy any such justice or juftices aforesaid, pay the fame, within cotdinglymay the fpace of three days next after any such demand as aforesaid ch^gCCby <ji_ shall be made thereof; or if any person or persons liable by law ftrefs and fale. to have made good any such pavement as aforesaid, shall not pay such proportionable part of the charges of making good the fame, as any such justice or juftices as aforesaid shall determine and afeertain, by any order which shall be made and fign-ed by him or them, ought to be paid by such other person or persons refpedtively, within the fpace of three days next after any such notice thereof shall have been given to, or left for, such other perfoq or persons, at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, and demand of payment thereof shall be made on him, her, or them, or at his, her, or their ufual place of abode ; then on oath being made of such demand, and of the money fo ordered to be paid remaining unpaid by the fpace of three days from the time of the same having been demanded as aforesaid (and which oath every such justice and juftices as aforesaid is and are hereby refpedtively impowered to adrainifter) any such justice or juftices, shall by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, diredted to the conftables of the said city, caufe the expences of amending every such default in pavement, defedfcive or improper pavement, or new or relaying any such pavement as aforesaid, which shall have been amended or relaid under any such order as aforesaid, to be levied by di-ftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the proprietors of such water works, or of the coHedfcor as aforesaid of the diftridt in which any such default of pavement as aforesaid shall have bee^, or of the other persons liable to make good any such de-fcdhve pavement, in such proportion as any such justice or ju-

H 3	dices



102	Anno trkcfimo tdrtio GSdRiln lli & $0.	[<700.

dices as aforesaid shall determine and afcertain the dime ought to be Co paid, together with the charges of every such diftrefs and fale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owners thereof) And which money, when levied, shall be paid to the paviour or pa-viours who mall have been employed by any such justice or ju— dices as aforesaid, and have amended, repaired, or relayed, any such pavement or pavements as aforeiaid.

Inhabitants XXX. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre&d, deemed com- That the inhabitants of any parish where any offence againft As P*j£nt wit- shall have been committed, shall be admitted and allowed tty **■ be a competent witnefs, notwithstanding his or her inhabitancy in such parifh.

- Mo order pf XXXI. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority afbre-a justice may faid. That no order which shall be made by any Juftice or iu-be quafhed for ftices, by virtue of or under this aft, or any other proceedings want of form, to ^ had, touching the convidion or convictions of any offend-' er or offenders againft this a d,fhall be qualhed or vacated for or removed by Wi>nt of form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiirarif Certiorari. or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his M*j& %'s courts of record at JVtftninJitr.

Limitation pf XXXII. And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That addons. if any action shall be brought, or fuit commenced, agaififtany person or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to the premifies, or any of them, such adfon or fuit (Hall belaid or brought within fix months next after the'fad *	done)	and shall be laia or brought in the city of Lwdtn, and

not elfewhere: and the defendant or defendants in such adion General iitiie. may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fj>$ci?l matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by authority of this ad: and if the fame shall appear to have been fodone, or if any action or fuit, shall not'be brought within the time before lift)fed) or shall be brought in any other county or place than as afo*4-faid s then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendahts j or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or foffe* a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adions; or if a verdid shall pals againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if^ upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaiis-tiffs; the said defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and Treble eofts, shall have such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have, for cofts, in other cafes by law.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further enaded. That this ad Publick aft. shall be deemed a publick ad; ,and shall be taken notice of gs fuch, by all judges, juftices, and all other persons whatfoever, yvithout fpecially pleading the fan)e.

Fit*

Aeaotttofimwi© G*o*qii II, g.3*

r -

cn	'	•

- JFifft SCHEDULE to which tho aft? refer*

1	Openings	tobc	made.

In the Ward of Adderfgatt.

In dip ward of Atdg.aU. paffaget fffy fttt wide, to U openei% from tbt maforCi Jiofi fating Crutched Fiyers, m tie occupation	Dent,

k a direli line to tht Minories.

A	paffage,twenty fivo foot w4b to be opened, through North-

umberland Alley, into Crutched Fryers.

In the ward of

A paffage, twenty five feet wide, to be through Angel Court, in Bilhopfgate Street, into Little Saint Helen's.

A	paffage, twenty feet	wide, to be ,from Broad	Street,

tjktuguuoion Court, into Bilhopfgate Street.

In. Coleman Street ward,

A paffage, fifty feet tvide, to be	, from the north end. of

Tohennoufe Yard to London Wall.

In the ward of Farringdon without.

A	Paffage,thirty feet wide* in the middle part of Snow Hill,

from theme to Fleet Market.

A paffhge, twenty put feet wide from ButcheihaH Lane into little Britain.

In fhrrwgdon ward, within.

To malt a paffage through Cock Alley, on tht south fide of Lud-

Fite Hill, andoppofte to the Old Baily	into	Black

ryers.

Second SCHEDULE to which the aft. refers:

Pafiages to be improved and enlarged*

la the ward of AUgate.

TO puS down the btups on the toff fide of BiBiter Lane, in order to enlarge tbt paffage to the width of thirty feet.

To pnU down the boufes at the east end	Leaden hall Street, to

pule the paffage there thirty pvt feet wide*

H4	To





Anno trittfimo tertl'oOBdRGli II. C.30.'-	[47Go.

To pull down such part of the houses on the eajl fide of Poor Jury Lane, beginning at, and including, a house on the north fide of'The. Horfe and Trumpet, and extending fouthwards towards Gtuld Square, as will be fufficient to range in a line with that end of the lane next to Aldgate y the paJTdge of which is\ intended to be made thirty five feet widey by pulling down, and fetting back, all the houses from the gate fo the said Horfe and ^Trumpet,

In Broad Street ward.	f\

To pull down the house at the wefi end of the buildings fituate between Cornhill and Threadneedle Strfc$t. and oppofite to the south end of Prince's Street, and lay the ground into the-fireet.

To pulldown the houses on-the south fide of Threadneedle Street, extending from the house before mentioned eajlwardy till it reaches to that part of the fireet ivhich is oppofite to. the bank gates; and torn*

- large the paffage there to thirty five feet in width.

In the ward of Coleman Street.

To pull down one house on the north eajl corner of the Old Jury, and another house at the south wefi corner,of Coleman Street, both • f f which are occupied by braziers, and lay the ground thereof into the fireet.	^	.

In CordwaineSs ward.

To pull down the house at the north eajl corner of Trinity Lane near the Dog tavern, and lay the ground into the fireet.

-	.	tn	the	ward	<?f Cornhill.	.	.

To pull down the house at the wefi end of the buildings fituate between Cornhill and Lombard Street, and lay the ground into the fireet.

In the ward of Cripple gate within.	A	i

To pull down the houses which projeft forwards at the wefi end of Silver Street, from the end of Monkwell Street, quitts through into Alderfgate Street, to make a commodious fireet forjy feet wide.

To pull down the house at the corner of Aldermanbury facing Milk Street,, which was formerly the Baptift Head tavern, and lajp the ground thereof into the fireet.

In the ward of Farringdon within.

To pull down the tin Jhop, and the trunkmaker's houfe, at the south wefi corner of Cheapfide, hading into Saint Paul's Churchyard, and lay the ground into the fireet.

To pull down such part of the htufes in Creed Laqe as are nt-ccjjary to widen the paffage to thirty, feet.

In the'ward of Farringdon without.

To pull down dll the houses in the middle row between the paved alley adjoining to Saint Sepulchre's church and Giltfpur Street,

'the north end thereof quite through to the south end, which facet Hart Street, and lay the ground into the fireet.

To

 C^ooQle

,c?6o.3	Anno triccflmoterdo Gkoroii :	IL c. jo.

. To	pud down	all tbo boufes in. the middle row between the Great

Old Baily and Little Old Baily, beginning at the north end wbieb fates Hart Street, and proceeding	,	including	the

Baptist's Head at the south end,facing the Great Old Baily, and day the groitnd into the	Jlreet.

- To pull down the /bopsor /beds under Saint Dunftan's church in Fleet Street, and lay the ground into the Jlreet.

In Langbtum ward.

.. To pulldown such part of the b, at the end of Mark Lane, next to Fenchurch Street, as will make the pajfage thirty feet wide.	■	'

To pull down such part of the boufes at the end of Lombard Street as will make the pajfage there thirjy feet

In the ward of Portfoken.

To	Pud down the house at the north ea/l corner of Hounfditch, and

adjoining to the churchyard, and lay the ground thereof into the Jlreet.

. In Tower ward.

To pull down fiuh part of the boufes on Saint Dunftan's Hill, adjoining to the George	alehouft, andoppofite to the chain, and such part

of the warehoufes oppofite to the end of Saint Dunftan's church, as tuill render the pajfage there thirty feet wide.

To pull down the house on the north wefi corner of Great Tower Street, now occupied by. mafier Crawford, a	,and alfo

the house on the south eafi corner of Little Tower Street, nowin the occupation of	me/fieursJulon Lindner,	in order	to

make that dangerous pajfage fafe and convenient.

Tt opull down the house in Mark Lane which adjoins to the church of AUhallows Staining, and project twelve feet before the other in order to make it range in a line with the find boufes, and enlarge the narrow pajfage there.

In the ward of

To pull down the boufes on the northfide of Thames Street which are fituated and reach from Elbow Lane to College Hill, and also thofe boufes on the fouthfide of the findJlreet which reachfrom Vintners Hall to Bull Wharf Lane,	to	make thefindJlreetforty

feet wide.

To pull down the house at the corner of Tower Royal, facing College Hill, and lay the ground into the Jlreet.

In the ward of

To pud down the house at the north eafi corner of Bueklerlbury, which projects before the other buildings.

In Bijhopfgate ward.

To pull down the two boufes between New Broad Street	New

Broad Street Buildings, which projefl fo far into the Jlreet as to

make



n€

Anno tnce£mo tartk» Gcofcen II. c.jr

malt tb» pajfa&i andtowmatnictiim to tbt	Jineit

and tnttmvtmtnt.

cap. xxxi.	;A

An act for regulating the proceedings in perfona) aftiont is the courts baron of the hundred of High Peak, and manor of Ceftlctta, is

the county of Derby.	*

cap. xxxir.

An act for draining and preferring certain fro lands and low grounds ia the Hie of £ly, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MUdeo-hall River fouth, Plant Load and Brandon River north, bounded on thfe weft by the river Oufe, and on theeaft by Winter Load, BariWett Bkooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and fof impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the grieat level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certaTh fen lands lying within the limits aforefeki, commonly catted Inverted Lands,

CAP. XXXIIL

An act to amend and render more effectual two gfts puffed ia the eleventh and fevenfeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing farera} rends leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for making more effrftual, and continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of an act made m the twentieth year of bis present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from the city of Gtoucelier, towards the city of Hereford! and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucefter, in. the laid a€t men-

' tioaed. -

CAP. XXXV.

An act for ereftmg piers, and other works, for the security end improve-

i raent of the harbour of New Shorehom, in tbc county of Seffex, rod for keeping the lame in repair.

CAP. XXXVI.

As aft for repairing fevera) roads leading to the town of Oakhampton, in

the county of Devon.

cap. xxxvn.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the fifth year of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of his present Mayfly*! rrign, for repairing the road from Beacousfictd in the county of Bocks, to woken Church in the county of Onon.

CAP. XXXVIIL

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of nil present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood leading from Market Harborough in the eoanty of Lcicefter, to the pound in the parifitof Brampton in the county of Huntingdon $ and by one other aft made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more cffeftual the said former aft.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the weft ena of the town of CbefterfieW to Matlock Bridge s and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Crofs Green * and also the road leading out of the bft mentioned road, to , the turnpike rood pear B^owdly Bridge, in the county of perby.

pA?r





*7$©,] Anw) trioefimo ttrrio Gioroii II. c, 40,048.

CAP. XL.

An act for extea ding the powers granted by an ad paifed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Maiefty, for repairing the road

« lending from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrot-ham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to the village of Poots-Cray, in the said county, to the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotbam Heath* to the town of Maidftone.

CAP. XLI.

A» for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road from the borough of Tamworth, to Afhoy de la Zouch, in the county of Leiceftcr j and from Sawley Peny in the fidd county, to a turnpike gate, at or near the end of SwarcliffLanc, leading to Afoby de la Zouch afore Arid.

CAP. XUL

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the pa* rifli of Davidftow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wade* bridge in the find county; and from the weft end of Wadebridge afore* foid, into and through the borough of Mitchall in the AM county.

CAP. XLIJI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by several ads of par: liament of the eighth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, the ninth year of his late majesty King George the Fiirft, and the fifteenth year of his present Majesty *s reign, for repairing the highways between the

* bouK commonly called The Horfc-fhoe Houfe, in the parish of Stoke. Goldington in tne county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pu&nel in the county of Bucks, to The Horft-fhoe Houfe.

CAP. XLIV.

Au ad for enlarging the term and powers contained in two several ads of parliament, auric in tbq twelfth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repriring the road from the Dun Cow in tne town of Dunchurch, to the town of HBlmorton in the county of Warwick) and from thence to Saint James's end, in the parish of button, in the county of Northampton \ and for making the ume ads more effe&oaL

CAP.XLV.

An act for extending and continuing the navigation of the river Wey, otberwife Wye, in the county of Surry, to the town of Godaiming, in . the laid county.

CAP. XL VI*

An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to Woo© * full Bridge, and Sufo from Hoo.afh-Xanc, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter) and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibftoek to Meafbam,in the counties of Lekefter and Derby*

CAP. XLVn.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, ftveral roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leiceftef, and Warwick.

- CAP. XLVin.

An act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lktlcbtorough, in the county of LancafUr.*	_	m	_

CAP,





Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 49,-59. [1760. CAP. XLIX.

An act to amend an act paired in the seventh year of the reign of his late raajetty King George the First, for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodiham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Cheitcr $ and for the more effectual preserving and improving the navigation of the (aid river.

CAP. L.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several rOacfs leading from the market house in the town of Kiddcrmintter, in the county of Worcefter.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the road,< from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chetter, to Whitchurch $ and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the county of Stafford; and from thence to Cattle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the paritti ot Hampton on Arden, in the county of Warwick} and from Cattle Bromwich to Birmingham in the fame county, •'

CAP. LU.	*

An act for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Brittol. and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining ; and for widening the ttreets, lanes, ways, and paflages, leading thereto, and for building another bridge, over come other part of the said river, within the said city, if neceflary j and for opening proper ways and paflages thereto.

CAP. Lin.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one firth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter,or beer, brewed for ialef Or vended, within the town and paritti of Dalkeith.

* CAP. LIV.

An act for railing money forfimfhing* and compleating the repair of Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, and for the purchafing.and taking down the houses and buildings, which ftraiten and obftruft the paffage to and over the said bridge.

CAP. LV.

An act for amending and widening the road, from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffieldte the south fide of Wortley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the fhire of Berwick, to Cordhill in the county of Durham j and for building a bridge over the Tweed, near Coldftrearri. -

CAP. LVII.

An act for the amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the thirty nine mile ttone, at the upper end of Stone Street, in the town of Maiattone in the county of Kent, to a certain place called Tubb's Lake, in the paritti of Cranbrooke, in the said county.

CAP. LVI1I.

An act for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the pari/h of Brobury, and to Whitney Paflage, in the county of Hereford, and for, building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Paflage, in the fame county.

CAP. LIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading to the borough of Launcetton, in the county of CornwalL

Ann*

jj6o.]	Anno primo Georgii III. c. r.	109

Anno Regnt GEO R G11 III. Regis Magncs

Britannia, Francia, &P H, primo.

n	#

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter, the thirty first day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand f even hundred and fifty four, in the twenty feventb year of the reign of our late fever eign lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King* defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the eighteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and Jinty, being the eighth fejfion of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for the fupport of his Majesty's boufehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

May it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty,

\\f H E R E A S by an act of parliament made in the first year of V * the reign of our late fever eign lord King George the Second, of blejfed memory, intituled, An a<5t for the better fupport of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the Preamble, re-crown of Great Britain, it was, amongjl other things, enafted, That citing a&s, the rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which i Geo. a. bad been granted to his majesty King Charles the Second, by an a ft made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A grant of certain impofitions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of his Majesty's revenue, during his life; and which were granted to their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, by an act IX Car tm made in the second year of their reign, for their lives, and the lift of the furvivor of them; and which were continued to their late majefties Queen Anne and King George the First, for their lives refpec-lively (a certain duty of fix pence for every barrel of vinegar beer ex- * W. & M. cepted) and also a duty of fix pence, part of a duty of eight)hillings, which was granted to his faid late majesty King William, for and upon every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, which Jbould be brewed or made of any Englifh or foreign materials, by any person or per fans whatfoever,for Jale; and fo in pro-	.

portion for a greater or lejjer quantity, by an act made in the tenth 10 year of his reign \ and liiewife the further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandises, which had been granted to bis faid late majesty King William, for his life, by an a ftmade in the ninth year of his reign, intituled. An a& (or granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, towards rarfing the yearly fumot seven hundred thousand pounds, fort he service of his Majesty's houfehold, and 9will. 3.

:	.	other



no	Anno	primo	GeoRgii	III.	c.	t.	[i 760.

other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majesty's life, tinned to their find late majtfties $huen Anne and king George the ■ Firfl, for their lives	rejbtilivtly Jbiuld be levied, and

pbti, to his faii late nunejiy King George the	for	and	during

the term of his naturallife 5 and also that the yearly	of one hundred and twenty	thoufand poundsgranted out of the aggregate find la

bis late majesty King George the Firfl, during bit ,by an 'madein thefirfl year of bis reign, (	An ad fat enlarging

the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, a Geo. t.* relating to exchequer bills 5 and for fcttlingan additional revenufe of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds err annum upon hie Majesty, during his life, for the service of the civil government; and for cftablilhing a certain fund of fifty four thoufanf fix h undred pounds per-annum, in order to raise a fum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publick, by iale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per eentum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for fatis-fying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred tohilft that building was carried on at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne, of bleficd memory; and for other purpo-fes therein mentioned;)	Jboucontinued to bis late majesty King

George the Second, for and during the term of bis natural life, in themannerin the said	ail mentioned: and in and by the /aidfirfl mentis

eaed aH made in the firfiyear of the reign of bis faid late majesty King George the Second, it was totalled and declared. That the hereditary rates and duties of exeife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles tho Second, and the said duties of exeife upon beer, ale, end other liquors, which had been granted to the late Sfyten Anne, by an a& of the firfl year of her rejgn, for her life (fubjeii nevertheless to the	ho

that 08 mentioned) ana	the food f

age, and other duties thereby granted; and the feud yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds out if the aggregate fund', and the revenue arifing in the general letter office, or pofl office, or offict f pofimafter general; and the fmall branches of bts Majesty s

nues therein particularly deferibed or mentioned (except as is therein excepted) jbiuld be for the	fieppof bis 'sboufehold, and of

the honour and dignity of the crown, as by the said ail of the firfl year of his faid late Majefty's reign (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear	:and by virtue of one other	in the fourth

year of the reign of his faid late majesty King George the Second, intitu*

4 Geo. 1. led. An act for further encouraging the manufadure of

fail cloth, by tajking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned ; and allowing an additional bounty on Britjjb made fail cloth exported; ana for ftamping Britijo mads fad cloth with the name and place of abode of the maker; a certain yearly fum was paid out of the aggregate fund to bis faid la** Majesty, during his Mfe, in lieu of futh part f the duties on the importation of and undrtffid	flax,thereby dtfeontinued, at W*s applicable to the fug*

port of bit Majefty's httefthtld, and of the honour and dignity of tho

crown



1760.3	Anno	px5mo G&orgii 1IL c. 1.	11 k

crown : and by ont other aft made in the ninth year of tie reign of his 9 Geo. ». fend late Majejly* intituled* An act for laying a duty upon the retailors of fointuous liquors, and for licenfing the retailers thereof, the yearly fum offeyenty thoufond pounds was granted to his faidMa* jefty* during his life* towards the fupport of his Majejly'$ houfehold and family* and other hie expenses and octofms* in lieu of certain duties on low wines and /pints, thereby made part of the said fond: and infutjuatite of one other aft made in the twelfth year of l4 Qt0t n the reign of his Jaid late Majejly, intituled* An act for taking off the duties Upon woollen and bay yam imported from Ireland to England; and for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wool from Great Britain* and of wool, and wool manufaftured, from Ireland to foreign parts; a certain yearly fum was paid to his find late Majejly during his life, in lieu of such part of the duties thereby dijcontinued* on the importation of woollen and boy yarn from Ireland, as was applicable towards the fupport of his Majejly's houfehold* and of the honour and dignity of the crown: and by one Other aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his fold late Mqjejiy, 3o Geo. a# [intituled* An act for granting to'his Majesty Several rates and outies upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds, and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks, and upon licences for retailing wine* and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the Turns of money Sitting from the lurplus of the duties on licences for retailing ipi-. rituous liquors; and for raifmg the sum of three millions by an-Unities, to be charged on the ftid rates, duties, and Turns of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the fecood

Jear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the etter regulation ofdttornies and folxcitors\ and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contrafts of clerks to attomies and Solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafts of Clerks and apprentices) the yearly fum of seven thousand and two pounds* fourteen /hillings and three ptnee, was direfted to be paid to bis faid Majejly* bis heirs* and fuccejfors* out of the monies which Jhsuld arife from the new duties thereby granted on licences to retail wine* in lieu of the former duties: and whereas your Majejly has been graeioujh pkafed to fignify your confent to your faithful commons in parliament ajjimbkdy That whenever they Jhouid enter upon the tonfideration of making provifm for your houfehold, and the honour and dignity of your crown* such dypofition might be made of your Majejly*s interejl in the hereditary revenues of the crown* as might bejl conduce to the utility and Jatisfaftion of the publick; thereby giving the mjfl fubflanthl proof of your tender concern for the welfare of your fftple \ and, that the jame is fuperior, in your royal breaft* to all 0-jbef confutations: We your Majejly's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts Mbe commons qf Great Britain, in parliament ajfcmbltd, with hearts full of the warmeft duty and gratitude, are defirous* TLat a certain and competent revenue for defraying the txpences of your Majesty s •civilgovernment* and Jupporting the dignity of the crown of Great within during your life [which God long prejetve) may be fettled on

yourt





112	Anno	primo	Georgii	III. c. r.	[1760.

your Majejly \ and that your Majejly may be enabled to male an honourable provijionfor the royal family, as a teflimony of our unfeigned ajfeflion to your Jacred perfon, by whofe happy acceffton to the throne, your Majesty s fubjefls have the JlrongeJi affurance that the religion* laws, and liberties of this realm will be continued; and that they, your faid fubjefis, and their poferity, may, through the divine good-nefs, enjoy every blefling under your Majejly's aufpicious reign ; have therefore freely and unanimoufly refolvea to grant unto you, our mojl gracious fovereign lord King George the Third, a certain revenue payable out of the aggregate fund; and that the said temporary rates, duties, and tmpofit ions be continued, and the produce thereof, together with the produce of the hereditary revenues aforesaid, be made part of the said fund during your Majeffs life-, and do moll humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be cna£led; and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Theheredi. fame,#That from and immediately after the deraife of his faid tary rates and late majesty King George the Second, of blcfled memory, for .cx.j and during the term of the natural life of his maiefty King granted^y^ George the Third (whom God long preferve) the said rates ana% a* Car.«. to duties of excife Upon beer, *le, and other liquors, granted to his be levied and faid maiefty King Charles the Second, by the said a<£l made in ^fore*from~ t^le twe^^ YC2Lr his reign, intituled, A grant of certain impo-thedemifeof fi^ons upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of his Maje-the late King,Jty's revenue during his life; and which were granted to their late for and during majefties King William and Queen Mary, by the said adt made the life ofhi* in the second year of their reign, for their lives, and the life of SyCGeo.i/C" furvivor them» and which were continued to her faid late majesty Queen Anne, by the said a£t of the first year of her reign* for her life; and which were continued to his faid majesty Kinjj George the First, by an adt of the first year of his reign, for his life; and to his faid late majesty King George the Second, by the said adt made in the first year of his reign, for his life (other than and except the said duty of fix pence for every barrel of vinegar beer, before mentioned to have been formerly excepted)

Duty on vine- anc* a^° ^ie ^uty Pcnce» Part °f the said duty of eight gar/	(hillings, for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor pre-

paring for vinegar, which shall be brewed or made of any English or foreign materials, by any person or persons whatsoever, for fale, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, im-pofed by the said adt of the tenth year of the reigrt of his faid late majesty King JVilliam the Third \ shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in the fame manner and form, and by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and with such allowances and exemptions as are mentioned and expreffed in the before mentioned a£ts, or any of them, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excife; and that all and every the said laws relating to and all laws the revenue of excife shall be of full force and effedl, to all in-revenucsof^ tcnts an<* purpofes, for the levying, receiving, afeertaining, and

**	re—





ijdo.y Annoprimo'GEORGii III. c.t.'	113

recovering, the said duties of excife, upon beer, ale, and other *>f excife, to liquors; and the said duty of fix pence, part of the said duty of r^c% eight shillings, for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or li- tothefiu^du-quor preparing for vinegar, hereby granted or continued, in the ties, like manner as if the fame were repeated and enabled in the body of this present ad.

II.	And be it also enadted by the authority aforesaid, That Thefubfidy the said further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other oi tonnage duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes granted by the said gran^edby * adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majesty 9 will. 3. King William, for his life; and continued to her faid late ma- and continued jetty Queen yfnney by the said a61 of the first year of her reign, by feveralfiib. for her life; and afterwards continued to his faid majesty King George the First, by the said adt of the first year of his reign, for his life; and to his faid late majesty King George the Second, by the said adt of the first year of his reign, for his life; and also and all other all such other fubfidies and duties as were payable by virtue 0f |!u^f,die8 an^} any adt or adis of parliament on the twenty fourth day of'O&o-	c

bery one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and were fettled or 1760, towards appointed to be towards the fupport of the houfehold of his faid the fupport of Jate majesty King George the Second, and of the honour and cr? dignity of the crovyn; (hall, from and immediately after the	here-

demife of his faid late majesty King George the Second, be, du- tofore, during ring the life of our faid fovereign lord King George the Third, the life of his railed, levied, colledted, paid, and fatisfied, by the fame ways, prefent^Ma-means, and methods, and under the fame penalties, forfeitures,,c y 5 and disabilities, and by the fame rules and diredtion9, and with the fame allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, as are pre-fcribed in or by the said adt of the ninth year of the reign of his faid lat&majefty King William, or in any other adt or adts of and all laws parliament now in force in that behalf; and that the said adt of relatingthcre-the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King WiU £;“£thmre. Ham, and other adts touching the said fubfidies and duties, and t0 the all and every the articles, rules, and claufes, therein contained, due levying, or thereby referred unto, fo far as the fame relate to the raif- &c.the lame, ing, levying, collecting, or making allowances or drawbacks out of the same fubfidies and duties, and any exemptions in refpedt ' thereof, shall be of full force and effect to all intents and pur-pofes, during the life of our fai5 fovereign lord King Qeorge the Third, as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated and fet down in the body of this act.

III.	And it is hereby enadted and declared. That the produce Produceofthe of the said hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, hereditaij and other liquors, and the produce of the said duties of excife [fc7of\xcU,ei upon beer, ale, and other liquors, hereby continued for the term of his Majesty's life; and the produce of the said further fub-/idy of tunnage and poundage, and of other duties upon .wines, Subfidies of goods, and merchandizes, ar>d other fubfidies and duties herein tunnap an* before-mentioned ; and the produce of such other fubfidies and poun duties as were payable on the twenty fourth day of Oftobery bne thousand seven hundred and fixty, and fettled or appointed to Vol. XXIII.	I	br,



ii4

Revenues of the poll office i

alienation

office}

pod fines,

fers, coinpo-fitions in the exchequer, feizures, rents} (duchy of Cornwall excepted) and other branches.

Anno primoGsoROH III. c. i.	[1760;

be Inwards the fupport of the houfehold of his faid late majesty King George the Second, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; and the said revenue of the general letter office or poft office, or office of poft mafter general; and the fmall branches of his Majesty's revenues herein after exprefled ; that is to fay. The monies arifing by fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office; the monies arifing by the poft fines; the said yearly fum of seven thousand and two annuit on	fourteen fhillings, and three penoe, payable out of the

wine licences) monies arifing by the new duties on licences to retail wine; the fheiijfs rof- mon^cs ari^ng by fheriflfs proffers, and compofitions in the ex-s pro * chequer, and feiaures of prohibited and uncuftomcd goods; the revenue arifing to his Majesty by rents of lands, or for fines of fades of the same, or any of them (except the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall) and all other branches and revenues which on the twenty fourth day of OSfober, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, flood fettled or appointed to be towards the fupport of the houfehold of his faid late majesty King George the Second, and the honour and dignity of the crown, during bis and^evenues- ^ &le Majesty's life as aforesaid (except the monies which appropriated * Audi be necessary to defray such expences as (hail have been in-for fupport of euvrod in the colledion and management of all the said fubfidies, /hha r°Wlljf	branches,	and	revenues,	and	except	fuch foms as were

levyhfg'awd	and	payable	(Pot	of	the	aggregate	fund	as aforefiud ; and

managing the ?lfo except such revenues, rents, and hereditaments, as have fame, except- been granted or paffed to any perion or persons, bodies politick <<J)	or corporate, by or in pursuance of any ad or ads of parliament

in that behalf; and except all charges of particular annuities oir fans of money on the said revenues, or any of them, made or aHewed of by any ad or ads of parliament whatfoever) (hall, from and immediately after the demife of his laid late majesty are tfo be car- King George the Second, be, during his present Majesty's life, ried into, and carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate fund efta-luade part of blifhed by the ad of the first year of the reign of his late majesty fund^8**^*18 George the First; and be, during the said term, ifilled and '	applied,	in	manner	herein	after-mentioned, to the ufes to which

the laid fund is or shall be made applicable: neverthelefs, the said hereditary duties of excife; and the said duties of excife continued for his Majesty's fife, as aforesaid ; and the said revenues of the general letter office, or poft office, or office of poft mafter general; shall refpedively be liable to, and charged with, the fevers! particular annual, weekly, or other payments or in-cumbrance* charged on or direded to be fet apart out of the osbyanyfor- fad hereditary duties of excife, and the said duties of excife inti act or granted for the life of his faid late majesty King George the Se-" cond, and the fad revenues of the genera) letter office, or poft office, or office of poft mafter general, or any of them, by any 1	former	or	other	ad	or	ads	of	parliament,	in the fame manner,

and for the fame ufes, intents, and purpofes, and under and frbjcd to the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, for any offences or about the fame, as the said lad-mentioned duties 2	"	or

fubjed how ever to the several an-nuiuot aad



1760.J	Anno	primo GcoAou III. c. t.	tif

or revenues, or any 0/ them, were fabje& or liable unto at the thne of the detnife of his fatd late majesty King George the Second, as fully and effectualljr, to all intents and pwpofcs, as if the fame had been by this zSt particularly charged on or di-lefted to be fet apart out of the duties or revenues hereby continued, during his present Majesty's life; any thing herein con* tained to the contrary DOtwithftandmg.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority a/brefeid.

That for the fuppert of his Majesty's houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, there Stall be granted and continued, and ifluing and payable, out of the laid fond called The clear The Aggregate Fund, from and immediately after the demife of yearly few <4 his laid late majesty King George the Second, to his present Ma- ^ Mkf^t°of jefty during his life (which God long preferve) the revenue, or the aggregate yearly rent or rents, or fum or fans of money herein after-men- fund, tor the tioned; that is to fey. The clear yearly rent or fum of seven fupportof his hundred and twenty three thousand pounds, during the conti-xmance of an annuity of fifty thousand pounds payable, by vir- aiKj[ toe of an a<5t made in the tenth yeas of the reign of his faid late honour and majesty King Gw?* the Second, to her royal highnefe theprin- dignity of the ecfc dowager of Wefai and of the annuities payable by virtue	con-

an a & made in the twelfth year of the reign of his f\id late Ma- [iifuance ^of fcfly, ct fifteen thousand pounds to hrs royal highinef* Wiliam the several duke of	CumhrUntd, and the heirs mate of his body; and twelve annuities of

thoufand pounds to her royal highnda die priaem ; and S®-00? '• in cafe of the determination of one or more of the laid, annul- jowage^of ties, then, and immediately from thenceforth, fueft dear yearly Wales; rent or him over and above, and in addition to, she faid yearly i j,oool. to tent or fum of feveit hundred and twenty three thousand pounds,	of.

as the annuity or annuities fo determined (halt have amounted ^	*

to; and in cafe of the determination of all die faid annuities, to tbepnneeis then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly rent Amalie; or fuaa of eight hundred thousand pontiffs j and the (aid yearly th* tents or fome for the fupport off his Majesty's houfehold, and' of ^annuities, the honour and dignity of the crown, shall be and are hereby as they (hall* charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time feverally de-out of, the doties and revenues which do or shall compofe the termine; bid fond, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them *£ei'r (after paying, 'or referving Efficient to> pay, all foch fom and mination,the toms of money as have been direfbed by any former aft or adts clear yearly of parihment to be paid out of the same, but wieh preference to fura °* att other payments which fhail or may hereafter be, charged hen*oaid upon, or payable out of, the said fond) and that the sum of him.	P

one hundred forty nine thousand fere hundred eighty fix pounds; four shillings, and one penny halfpenny, (haH be kttied and paid out of the raid fond for the ibpport of his Majesty's houfehold, reitedto- be and of the honour and dignity of rhe crown, from the twenty paid, as the fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and fixty, to proportion die sixth day of	January, one thousand seven hundred and fixty' ,

one, being the proportion of the find annual rent for the fanf to 5 jan.i^Si'. ferai; and (hat from and after the fifth day of Jewry, one an(j from

1 2	thoufand	5	Jan. 1761,



ii 6

Anno primo Georgii III. c. i.'

[1760.

portions,	. „

quarterly; that is to fav. The fifth day of April the fifth day of July, the vi*. on 5 tenth day of Oflober, and the fifth day of January, by even and portions, out of the monies of the said aggregate fqnd; 5°January.	^	quarterly	payment	thereof to be made on the fifth day

The first pay. of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: and the raent to be commiflioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of A ril 1 61	anc* t*ie high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchc-

^reafun^au-'quer f°r the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to caufe the said yearly rent or fums of money refpellively, or any arrears thereof, to be iffued and applied, from time to time, aaily, weekly, or otherwife, as foon as atiuiuiugiy, fame can be fatisfied, in the order and courfe aforesaid, for daily, weekly, the ufes and purposes by this alt appointed, out of the monies or otherwife, arifen or to arife as aforesaid, fo as by the said daily, weekly, or

as foon as the other payments, one fourth part of such yearly rents or fums fame can be r r 3 ,	'	,	,	.	r	r	A	r	,

of money be not exceeded in, for, or in refpelt of, each quarter, and fo that upon every of the said quarterly days, the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or fatisfied, according to the trpe intent and meaning of jthis alt.

V. And whereas it may be proper for the fupport of his Majefys houfehold, and for defraying the charge of his civil government, and other his necejfary expences and oceafions, that money should be iffued, from time to time, within each quarter,, before the accounts of the said aggregate fund JhaU be made up and fettled; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby fully authorized and ' impowered, from time to time, between the rcfpeltiye days or

made on

rW, 1761, rreafury authorized and required toil-fue pa/ftient of the same accordingly

fatisfied, See.

and to make payments in advance, for hisMajefty's

ufe, from time periods of time appointed or to be appointed for making up and to time 5	fettling the accounts of the said aggregate fund, to caufe any

payment or payments to be made in advance to or for bis Ma-jefly's ufe, or on his behalf, out of all or any monies which ' have arifen, or shall arife, in the receipt of the exchequer, by the produce of all or any of the said hereditary and temporary revenues herein before directed to be carried to, and made part of, the said fund (except only such part of the produce of the ' duties on low wines, flrong waters, brandy, rum, arrack, and other fpirits, as by the said alt made in the ninth year of his* faid late Majesty's reign were united to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, and farther continued by this alt) fo that the whole of such payments, together with all other payments out of the ponies compofing the said fund* do not exceed, for the purposes aforesaid, between the said twenty fifth day of Or-tobcr% one thousand seven hundred and fixty, and the (ixth day of January following, the said fum of one hundred forty nine thousand five hundred eighty fix pounds, four shillings, and one penny halfpenny, herein before limited \ nor exceed in,- or

. .	in

fo as not to exceed the quarterly allowance.



176o.] Anno primo Georgii HI. c. i.	i	*7

in refped of, any one quarter, the fourth part of the annual rent or Ann which shall be then charged upon the said fund by virtue of this ad; any thing herein, or in any other ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.	Hj-S Maiefty

VI.	. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, jjn'powci ed. That his Majesty shall be impowered, from time to time, to to grant out grant a fum not exceeding five thousand pounds per annum, to oftherevepue‘ the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cufto-

dy of the great feal of Great Britain, in the ufual and accuftom- pcr to * ed manner, to be from time to time paid by the paymaftcr or the lord chan-receiver of the revenues of the general letter office, or port of- cellor, lord fice, or office of poft mafter general for the time being, out com^ni/Tioner* the said revenues, according to the tenor of such grant; and fo^thecuftody such payment shall be confidered as part of, and shall be deduc- of the great ted from the annual rent or fum by this ad granted to his Ma- fcal; jeftyi for the fupport of his civil government $ anything in this ad to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.	pax* of the

annual fum granted for the fupport of his civil government.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Commiflioners That the commiflioners of the treasury, and the high treafurer, of the treafu-chancellor, and under treafurer, chamberlains, and* barons of and mincers* the Exchequer, and all other the officers and minifters of the oftheexche-. court of Exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, (hall, and they quer, autho-are hereby authorised and required, to do all such ads, mat- nz.cd and re • ters, and things, as are herein before direded, or shall be necef- a^thin s ne-fary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, ccflary to-

in order to render this ad, and the several payments hereby di- wards the due reded, effedual.	execution of

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded by the autho- tb,sa&-rity aforesaid. That the several and refpedive duties and reve- Avenues nues, which were payable to his late majesty King George the payable in 1 Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and Scotland to during his life, shall be continued, raifed, levied, and paid, the late King, from the demife of his faid late Majesty, during the life of his ** present Majesty, in the fame manner only, and fuhjed to the

fame, or the like charges thereon, as the fame were liable or from hisde-* fubjed to, during his faid late Majesty's life: faving always, to mife, during ail and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate,wh-,s their heirs and fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns£^nt a,e~ '

!'other than to our faid fovereign lord the King, his heirs, and Reservation of * ucceflors, and other than to such person or persons, who do or rights of par-may Hand feized or poflefled in truft for his Majesty, his heirs, ticular per-and fucceflors) all such rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, claims, and demands whatfoever, of, in, or to, or out of, the corporate, revenues, hereditaments, and other the premifles aforesaid, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have * had, at the making of this ad, as fully and effedually to all in-. tents and purposes as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Refeivation of That nothing in this ad contained, shall extend, or be con-the rights ami

I 3	ftrued	prerogatives

 ^ooQle

11 ft	Anno prim© Geoigii III. o i. [ 1760^

of the crown, ftrucd to extend, to impeach or diminifti any rights, privileges, with refped to powers, and prerogatives, over the feid fmall branches of hi# branches of Majesty's hereditary revenue, herein particularly mentioned, and the hereditary ufed, exercifed, and enjoyed, or which might have been ufed, revenues, exercifed, and enjoyed, by any of his Maiefty's royal predeoef-g ranted by aft since thc paffmg of an a St in the first year of the reign of » Ann* i her late majesty Queen Anne^ intituled. An oft for the bitter fufi* port of her Majesty $ houfebold, and of the honour and dignity of tbi crown \ other than the power of granting, during his Majesty's life, or for any term of years determinable upon his life, or otherwife, the profits and produce of any such of the laid fmall branches, as are fubjed to the reftridions of the laid {aft-men-tioned ad, with refped to the free and abfolute difpofition there-* of, in derogation of the fpecial purpofe of this present ad, to carry die fame to the aggregate fund, and to leafes X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* grants, or ' That nothing in this ad contained, shall extend, or be con-aOurances ftrued to extend, in any wife to impair or affed any rights or thereof} or powers of contcoul, management, or dire&ion, which have been, recovery of °r may ^ exercifed by authority of the crown, or other lawful the fame j warrant, relative to any leafes, grants, or afTurances, of any of the said fmall branches of his Majesty's hereditary revenues, or to any fuits or proceedings for recovery of the feme, or to com-pofitions made, or to be made, on account of any of the fait) ..	. (mail branches^ or to any remiffion, mitigation, or pardon, of

pardo»|0nly any	or forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, by the

fines, rents, importation of prohibited and uncuftomed goods; or to. fines boons,and taken, or to typ taken, or to rents, boons, and fervices, referv-fervicef, &c. ^ or to be referred, upon such grants, leafes, and afTurances, or to the mitigation or remiffion of the same; or to any other lawful ad, matter, or thing, which has been, or may be done,

* touching the said branches ; but that the said rights and power* shall continue to be ufed, exercifed, and enjoyed, fn as full, free, ample, and effedual manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been made, and as the fame have been, or might have been enjoyed since the making of the said ad of the fbto&ftever- first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne \ fubjed thelefc to the neverthelefs, to all such reftridions and regulations, as were en-reftridions ^C(j by the said ad, to bind her Majesty, her heirs, and fuo \he riefted * cc®>rs» and with the benefit of all such claufes, favings, and ad of 1 Anns, provifoes, as are contained in the said ad: it being the true in? Intention of tent and meaning of this ad, that the laid rights and powers ^his aft. jfliall not in any degree be abridged or reftrained, or affeded in any manner whatfoever, but only that the monies anting from the full and free exercife and enjoyment of them, fo fubjed as aforesaid, (hall, during his Majesty's life, be carried to, and made part of the aggregate fund.

CAP.



i7^o*]

.Anno primo Gsoftou III. Q. %. CAP. II.

xig

An act for granting an aid to bis Majejiy by a laud tax 14 bo rmfod in Great Britain,/^ the fervise of tbtyear one tbottfand seven hundred and sixty one.

WE, your M^jefty's mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, thepreamble, commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, taking into our ferious consideration such expences as are abfo-lutely neceflary for fupporting your M^jefty's government, and being refolved to fupply the fame, have for that end and purpose chearfully and Voluntarily given and granted, and do by thi$ act give and grant unto your Majesty, the Several and re- v fpe&ive rates and afleflinents hereafter mentioned ; and we dg mod humbly befeech your Majedy that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority or the fame. That the sum of two millions thirty seven **037*8541. thqufand eight hundred fifty four poinds, nineteen Anilines, and eleven pence, shall be raued, levied, and paid unto his Ma- Great Britain, jefty, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by such proportions, and in such manner and form, as hereafter in this a6t are ex-prefled.

II. And it is hereby declared and enaeded by the authority a- 1,989,900!. fbrefaid, That the sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine 18 s. and 9d. thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, ana nine ** ra*fc^ m pence, part of the said fum of two millions thirty seven thou- 0“^yac^r| m find eight hundred fifty four pounds, nineteen shillings, and from 25 Mar. eleven pence, shall be railed, levied, and paid, unto his Maje- 1761. fty, within the fpace of one year, from the twenty fifth day of Jdareb, one thousand (even hundred and sixty one, and shall be affefled and taxed in the Several counties, cities, borouvhs, towns, and places of England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedy according to the proportions in manner following; that is to fay.

FO R the town of Bedford, the sum of fix hundred and ninety two pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny.

For the reft of the county of Bedford, the sum of twenty seven thousand eight hundred and sixty two pounds, three shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the borough of New Windfor> and the caftle there, the sum of nine hundred feventy eight pounds, and ten (hillings.

For the reft of the county of Berks, the sum of thirty nine thousand eight hundred sixty five pounds, nine shillings, and five pence.

For the borough of Buds, with Morton, Borton-hdd, Prebend-end, Gawcott, and Lendborough, the sum of fix hundred and thirteen pounds, and five pence halfpenny.

For the borough of Wtcomb, the sum of three hundred fifty f>£ht pounds, £cventcer> shillings, and fix pence.

14	Fpf

* 



TIO

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[1760;

For the reft of the county of Bucks, the sum of forty fix thousand one hundred feVenty pounds, thirteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny.

For the univerfity of Cambridge, the sum of one hundred pounds.

For the town of Cambridge, the sum of two thousand seven hundred forty fix pounds, three shillings, and one penny..

For the ifle of Ely, the sum of eight thousand and eight pounds, five shillings, and seven pence halfpenny.

For the reft of the county of Cambridge, the turn of twenty one thousand eight hundred fevcnty eight pounds, fix shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of Cbejler, the sum of one thousand five hundred eighty four pounds, and seven (hillings;

For the county of Chejler, the sum of twenty seven thousand and fourteen pounds, eighteen (hillings and ten pence halfpenny.

For the county of Cornwall\ the sum of thirty one thousand nine hundred forty three pounds, and one (hilling.

For the county of Cumberland, the sum of three thousand (even hundred thirteen pounds, eighteen shillings, and two pence halfpenny.	'	'

For the county of Derby, the sum of twenty four thousand ninety three pounds, nineteen shillings, and niqe pence half* penny.

For the city and county of the city of 'Exon, the fuqi of four thousand seven hundred and eight pounds, and five pence halfpenny.

For the county of Devon, the sum of feventy seven thousand eight hundred feventy five pounds, two shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the town and county of the town of Poole, the fqm of three hundred twenty eight pounds, and two (hillings.

For the county of Dorset, the sum of thirty two thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds, fifteen shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the county of Durham, the sum of ten thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds, fourteen shillings, and five pence halfpenny.	_

For the weft riding of the county of York, the sum of thirty nine thousand three hundred (ixty two pounds, one (hilling, and one penny.

For the north riding of the county of York, the sum of twenty fix thousand three hundred forty seven pounds, nineteen (hillings and eight pence.

For the east riding of the county of York, the sum of nineteen thousand one hundred eleven pounds, two shillings, and eleven pence.

For the city of York, and county of the same city, the sum of four thousand fix hundred nineteen pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence.

For



1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. tl

- For the town and county of the town of	,

the sum of two thouland fifty three pounds, two shillings, and four pence.

For the town of Malden in the county of EJfex, the sum of five hundred eighty four pounds, and eighteen (hillings.

For the town of Colchejitr,the sum of two thouland eight hundred forty five pounds, fix shillings, and three pence.

For the town of Harwich and Dover , the sum of four hundred and three pounds, thirteen (hillings.

For the reft of the county of EJfex, the sum of eighty five thouland five hundred sixty three pounds, nine shillings, and five pence.

For the city and county of the city of	the	fum of

one thouland three hundred ninety fix pounds, four shillings, and eight pence.

For the whole county of	Gloucejier, the sum of forty five thou-

land pine hundred forty two pounds, fixteen shillings, and four pence.

For the city of	Hertford, the sum of seven hundred sixty three

pounds, feventeen shillings, and four pence.

For the borough of Leominjier, the sum of three hundred thirty three pounds, fifteen shillings, and eight pence.

For the reft of the whole county of Hereford, the sum of nineteen thouland three hundred eleven pounds, thirteen shillings, and eight pence. '

For the borough of Saint	Albans, in the county of ,

the firm of' (even hundred feventy four pounds, and two (hillings.

For the reft of the whole county of Hertford, the sum of forty one thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds, and fix pence.

For the town of Huntingdon, the sum of four hundred thirty two pounds, twelve shillings, and eight pence.

For the reft of the county of Huntingdon, the sum of fifteen thousand and sixty four pounds, twelve shillings, and four pence.

For the city and county of the city of Canterbury, the sum of one thousand fix hundred fifty two pounds, one penny, and one third part of a penny.

For the town and. liberty of	, the sum of one thoufand

nine hundred twenty three pounds, thirteen shillings, and nine pence.

For the town of	Folijlone, the sum of one hundred	forty four

pounds, and nineteen (hillings.

For the town of Fordwich, the sum of feventy seven pounds, and eight (hillings.

For the town of Fevtrjham,the sum of five hundred nineteen pounds, ten shillings, and three'pence.

For the tpwn of Tenterden, the film of eight hundred sixty three pounds, and two (hillings.

For the town and liberty of Sandwich, the sum of nine hundred ninety one pounds, uxteen shillings, and fix pence.

For



m

Anno primo Geo&gii HI. c. i, \_iy6o»

For the town and port of New	-the sum of Wd hun-

dred forty nine pounds, and seven teen (billings.

For the town of Lydd, the sum of seven hundred sixty nine pounds, nineteen shillings, and fix pence.

For the town and port of Hythe, and	within the

liberty of the said town and port, the sum of two hundred thirty fix pounds, and fourteen (hillings.

For the reft of the whole county of the fun of feventy five thousand one hundred twenty four pounds, four (hilling^ and four pence.	.

For the county of Lancttfitr, the sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty nine pounds, fourteen shillings, and fix pence halfpenny.

For the borough of Ltuejler, the sum of fix hundred thirty hine pounds, and twelve (hillings.

For the reft of the county of Lei, the furtt of thirty four thousand and forty five pounds, ten shillings, and one penny

halfpenny.

For the coonty of Lineeln, with the city and oOunty of the city of	Lincoln, the sum of feventy one thoufend nine hundred

feven pounds, and eight pence.

For the city of London, the (urn of one hundred twenty three thousand three hundred ninety nine pounds, fix shillings, and (even pence.

For Serjeant's Inn in Chancery	the	fum	of	thirty one

pounds, and four (hillings.

For the Inner Temple, and hens of Chancery thereunto belong* ing, the sum of four hundred pounds.'

For the Middle Temple, and Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the sum of two hundred feventy two pounds, and fixteen (hillings.

For the fociety of Lmtebi's Inn, and Inns Of Chancery thereunto belonging, the (urn of three hundred forty one pounds, seven shillings, and fix pence.

For Grafs Inn, and the Inm of Chancery thereunto belongings the sum of two hundred fifty two pounds, thirteen shillings, and four pence.

For the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, the sum of thirty thousand seven hundred fifty four pounds, fix shillings, . and three pence.

For the city of Wejlminjler, and liberties thereof, and offices executed in WtflminfttrHall, the sum of sixty three thousand and ninety two pounds, one (hilling, and five pence.

For the reft of the county of Mid the sum of one hundred and seven thousand fix hundred and~ two pounds, eleven (hillings and seven pence.

For the county of Monmouth,the sum of nine thousand eight hundred and twelve pounds, fix shillings, and five pence halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of Norwich, the fum pf eight thousand five fiuqdred eighteen pounds, eleven (billings, aad eleven pence.

For



1760.3	Anno primo Geo&oii III. c. 2.

' For the borough of Gnat Yarmouth, the Cum of two thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds, three shillings, and one penny.

' For the borough of King's Lynn, the sum of one thousand eight hundred fourteen pounds, and fourteen (hillings.

For so much of the borough of	as lies in the county

of	Norfolk, the sum of two hundred and thirty nine pounds.

For the reft of the county of Norfolk, tbe fum of feventy thousand nine hundred fourteen pounds, fix shillings, and fix pence halfpenny.

For the town of Northampton, the sum of eight hundred thirty pounds, (even shillings, and ten pence.

For the reft of the county of No, the sum of forty fix thousand eight hundred thirty nine pounds, three shillings, and seven pence.

For the town and county of the town of Newcajlle upon the sum of two thouland five hundred eighty pounds, fixteen shillings, and four pence.

For the townxu Berwick upon , the sum of one hundred forty five pounds, and three (hillings.

For the county of Northumberland, the sum of eleven thousand eight hundred twenty two pounds, and eighteen (hillings.

For the town and county of tbe town of	,	the	fum

of one thouland fix hundred fourteen pounds, ten shillings, and seven pence halfpenny.

For the countv of Nottingham, the sum of twenty five thouland fix hundred sixty two pounds, and two pence.

For the univerfity of Oxon, the sum of one hundred eleven pounds, (eventeen shillings, and two pence.

For the city of One*, tne fum of three thousand four hundred forty four pounds, fix shillings, and three pence.

For the reft of the county of Oxon, the sum of thirty five thouland one hundred ninety five pounds, fixteen shillings, and four pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny.

For tbe county of Rutland, theftim of five thousand five hundred twenty five pounds, three shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the town of Ludlow, the sum of two hundred twenty fix X pounds, and two (hillings.

For the county of Salop, the sum of twenty eight thousand eight hundred thirty pounds, (eventeen shillings, and one penny halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of >the sum of seven thousand three hundred ninety one pounds, ten shillings, and eight pence.

For the city of Bath, the sum of four hundred forty three pounds, and fix ihillings.

For the^city of Wells, the (urn of four hundred eighty one pounds, feventeen shillings, and fix pence.

For the borough of Bridgewater, and	the

fem of three hupdred sixty fix pounds, and five (hillings.

For





Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2I	[iy6o.

For the reft of the county of Somerfety the sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred ninety pounas, four shillings, and four pence.

For the town and county of the town of Southampton, the sum of seven hundred ninety four pounds, ten shillings, and one penny.

For the ifle of flight, the sum of fix thousand two hundred feventy three pounds, and fixteen (hillings.

For the reft of the county of Southampton, the sum of forty seven thousand eight hundred feventy two pounds, five shillings, and five fix parts of a penny.

For the city and county of the city of Litchfield, the sum of four hundred twenty pounds, nineteen shillings, and four pence#

For the county of Stafford, the sum of twenty fix thoufand1 seven hundred pounds, three shillings, and ten pence.

For the town of Ipfwich, the sum of two thousand sixty one pounds, three shillings, and fix pence.

For the borough of Bury Saint Edmonds, the sum of two thousand one hundred and fix pounds, and three (hillings.

For the borough of Dunwich, the sum of forty pounds, three shillings, ana fix pence.

For the borough of Eye, the sum of five hundred and two pounds.

For the borough of Sudbury, the sum of five hundred and fix pounds, eight shillings, and eight pence.

For so much of the borough of Thetford as lies in Suffolk, the sum of feventy nine pounds, and four (hillings.

For the reft of the county of Suffolk, the (um of sixty eight thousand two hundred eleven pounds, and four pence, and two third parts of a penny.

For the county of Surrey, the sum of sixty fix thousand one hundred thirty two pounds, nineteen shillings, and fix pence halfpenny.

For the town and port of Hajlings, and liberties thereof, the sum of three hundred feventy eight pounds, and fix (hillings.

For the liberty of Seaford, the sum of one hundred forty one pounds, and eighteen (hillings.

For the liberty of Pevenfey, the (urn of one thousand eighty eight pounds, and ten (hillings.

For the town and parish of Rye, the sum of four hundred feventy three pounds, and eighteen (hillings. .

For the town of IVinchelfcay the sum of four hundred and five pounds.

For the reft of the county of Suffix, the sum of fifty seven thousand fix hundred and three pounds eighteen shillings, and seven pence.

For the city and county of the city of Coventryy the sum of two thousand four hundred sixty three pounds, fourteen shillings, and nine pence.

For the county of Warwick, the sum of thirty seven thoufand

three



1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

three hundred twenty five pounds, nineteen shillings, and (even pence.

For the city and county of the city of fVorcefier^ the sum of two thousand two hundred twenty eight pounds, feveptcen shillings, and eight pence.

For the county of JVorceJlef, the fumiof thirty one thousand three hundred fifty three pounds, nine shillings, and three pence.

For the city of New Sarum, the clofe of the same, and Clarendon Parks the sum of one thousand nine hundred thirty five pounds, fixteen shillings, and fix pence.

For the reft of the county of fPilts, the sum of forty nine thousand seven hundred twenty one pounds, eleven shillings, and five pence.

For the county of Wejlmorland, the sum of three thousand and forty five pounds, three shillings, and nine pence halfpenny.

For the ifle of Anglefea, the sum of one thousand fix hundred thirty three pounds, seven shillings, and eleven pence.

For the borough of Brecon, the sum of one hundred feventy seven pounds, nineteen (hijlings, ahd eight pence.

For the reft of the county of Brecon, the sum of two thousand eight hundred feventy three pounds, eighteen shillings, and four pence.

For the county of Cardigan, the sum of one thousand three hundred feventy two pounds, fixteen shillings, and two pence.

For the county borough of Carmarthen, the sum of two hundred twenty nine pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence.

For the county of Carmarthen, the sum of four thousand one hundred forty pounds, three shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny.

For the county of Carnarvon, the sum of two thousand three hundred thirty seven pounds, fix shillings, and seven pence.

For the county of Denbigh, the sum of fix thousand eight hundred pounds.

For the county of Flint, the sum of two thousand three hundred fourteen pounds, and feventeen (hillings.

For the county of Glamorgan, the sum of seven thousand nine hundred and fix pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence.

For the county of Merioneth, the sum of two thousand four hundred thirty two pounds, fifteen shillings, and ten pence.

For the county of Montgomery, the sum of five thousand eight hundred fifty two pounds, eighteen shillings, and four pence.

For the county of Pembroke, the sum of two thousand nine hundred ninpty seven pounds, feventeen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny.

For the county of Radnor, the (urn of two thousand fix hundred ninety two pounds, and fix (hillings.

For the town and county of the town of Haverfordwejl, the sum of one hundred feventy four pounds, feventeen shillings, and four pence.

til. And be it* further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That

i t6	Anno	primo	Geokgii	IIL c. 2.	[	1760.

Perfonal e- That towards railing the laid several and refpedtive (bins of mo-

ftates (except ney, hereby charged on the refpe«5tive counties, cities, boroughs,

deC^kon^f' ani°fthCT P?“s> 5n.that Rof.Gr^	called

land, hour- England, Wales, and Bertwek, as aforesaid, all and eve17 per-hold goods,, fon and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, and fra-and loans to temities, within the fame refpedlively, hairing any estate in ready m money, or in any debts whatfoever, owing to them within the pound. Great Britain, or without or having any estate in goods, wares, merchandizes, or other chattels, or personal estate whatfoever, within Great Britain, or without, belonging to, or in truft for, them (except and out of the premiffes deduced such fums as he, file, or they, do hem fide owe, and filch debts owing to them, as shall be adjudged defperate by the refpe<5tive comcniffioners appointed by this ; and also except tne (lock upon lands, and Rich goods as are ufed for houfhold-ftuff; and.aHo except fuch' loans and debts as arfe or shall be owing from his Majesty, to any person or perfons) shall yield ana pay unto l>is Majesty, the sum of four (hillings in the pound, according to the true yearly value thereof, for one year, (that is to fay) for every one hundred pounds of such ready money and debts, and for every one hundred pounds worth of Rich goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other chattels or personal eftate, the sum of twenty shillings, and fo after that rate for every greater or lefs fum, or quantity, to be ailefled, levied, and collcdfat, in Employments manner herein after mentioned 5 and that all and every person of prpnt (ex- and persons, and all and every commiflioner and cotnasifSoncrs, cept military having, ufing, or exercifing, any publick office or employment a^yornavy)	*n	England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, and all and

to pay 4s. per every their clerks, agents, fecondaries, fubftitutes, and other inpound. ferior miniflers whatsoever (Rich military officers who are or shall be in mufter by the mufter-matter general of bis Majefr/s army, or in pay in his Majesty*s army or navy, i» refpe'ft of such offices only, excepted) (hall, towards railing the (aid reJpe&fve fums before in this a<5l charged upon the refpe&ve counties* cities, boroughs, towns, and other places of England, Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the fura of four (hillings for every twenty shillings, which he, (he,

4 or they do receive in one year, by virtue of any fakrnes, gratui-* ties, bounty-money, rewards, fees, profits, perquisites, or advantages whatfoever, to him, her, or them accruing, for or by Penfion nd rea^on or occafi°n of such their several offices or employments, annuTticfout without any allowance^ deduction, or abatement whatfoever; ot the cxchc- and that all and every person and persons, guilds, fraternities, quer, See. to bodies politick and corporate, having an annuity, penfion, ftiw Pay»	pend, or other yearly payment, either out of the receipt of his

Majefty's exchequer in England, or out o# any branch of his v Majesty's revenue in England, Wales, or Berwick, or payable, or feeured to be paid, by any person 01 persons what foe w, in Eng* land, Wales, or Berwick (not being or iffuing out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, touching which other diredlions are given by this a<9 ; and net being annuities or yearly payments, which, by any ail or a&s of parliament





xa7

1760.] Anno primb Giofgii III, C. 2.

litment made, or to be made, are or (ball be efpecialty exempted from the payment of taxes or aids) (hall, towards railing the saidrefpeftjve turns before by this aft charged upon the relpeft-ivc counties, cities, boroughs, towns, and other juices of E«£-kndy Wales? or Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the him of four (hillings for every twenty (hillings by the year, for every such annuity, penfion, ftipend, or yearly payment refjpeftiveliy, and after that rate for one whole year: the laid several rates and fums of money hereby granted, to be af-fcfed, impofed, levied, and toileted, m such manner as herein after is mentioned.

IV.	And to theeni tbs fuH and entire fim by this a3 (barged up- Lan(Jj tcnc^ as the several mntios, cities, boroughs, Mums, end phtes refpeft- meats,* mines, kufy, of England, Wales, mi Berwick, as aforesaid, may bt fully &c. and completely raffed andpaid U bis Afajefly's ufe j be it farther coated by the authority afovefeid, That all and every manors, mdTuages, lands, and tenements; and also all quarries, mines of coal, tin, and lead, copper* mundick, iron, and other mines \ iraaonills, furnaces, and other iron-works; felt-fprmgs, and felt-works; all al lorn-mines and works; all parks, chaces, warrens, woods* underwoods, coppices; and all fifhings, tithes, tolls, annuities, and all other yearly profits; and all hereditaments, of what nature or kind mover they be, fituate, lying, and being, happening or anting, within the several and refpe&ive counties, cities, boroughs, towns, or places aforesaid relpcftive-ly,or within any parts of the same, as well within ancient demefne, and other liberties and privileged places, as without, within that part of Great BritaincdUd England, Woles, or Berwick, as afore-faid; and all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, having or holding any such manors, meflbages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or o-aher the premises, in refpeft thereof, shall be charged with as tQ ^ char ^ much equality and indifference as is poflible, by a pound-rate, equally for or towards the said several and refpeftive fums by this aft andindifte/ let or impofed, or intended to be fet and impofed, for and upon rcnce, &c. mil and every such counties, cities, boroughs, towns, or other places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, fo that by the said rates fo to be taxed or aflefled, for or upon the said'ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal eftates, and for and upon the said offices and employments of profit, and for and upon the petitions, annuities, ftipends, or yearly payments aforesaid, and for and upon the said manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and other the premities, according to the purport and true meaning of this present aft, the full and entire fiuns hereby appointed to be raised in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, shall be completely and effectually taxed, aflefled, levied, and collefted, and shall be paid * into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by four quarterly payments * the first payment thereof to be made.on or before the

twen*





US	Anno	primo Georgii III. c.2,	[1766;

twenty fourth day of June9 which shall be in the year bf ourLbrd7 one thousand seven hundred and sixty one,

V.	And whereas many of the manors, mejfuages, lands y tenement sy'

f&t&xo*	hereditaments, and premiffes^ in England, Wales, and Ber-

rent-charges, wick upon Tweed, intended by this aft to be charged with the pound-annuities, &c. rate as aforesaid, Jiand incumbered with9 or are fubjeft or liable to9

the payment of several rent-charges or annuities, or other annual pay-ments ijfuing out of the same, *r to the payment of divers fee-farm rents, rent-fervice9 or other rents thereupon referved or charged, by reafon whereof the true owners and proprietors of such manors, mef-fuages9 lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do not in truth receive to their own ufe the true yearly value of the same9 for which never the-left they are by this aft chargeable with a certain pound-rate \ it it therefore declared tod enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the landlords, owners, and proprietors of such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, being charged with a pound-rate as aforesaid, to abate and deduCt, and to detain and keep in his, her, or their hands, out of eveiy such fee-farm rent, or other annual rent or payment, so much of the said pound-rate, which shall be taxed or aflefled upon the said manors, mefluages, lands, and premifles, as a like rate for every such fee-farm rent, or other annual rent or payment refpe&ively, shall by a juft proportion, amount unto, fo as such fee-farm rent, or other annual rent or payment refpeCtive-ly, do amount unto twenty (hillings per annum, or more; and all and every person or persons, who ate or shall be any ways inti-titled to such rents or annual payments, their refpetftive auditors, reeves, receivers, and their deputy or deputies, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, according to such rates, upon receipt of the refidue of such monies as shall be due and payable to them for such rents or annual payments referved or charged as aforesaid, without any fee or charge for such allowance.

VI.	And- be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That for the better aflefling, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several fums of money fo as aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid, in the aforesaid part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for the more

er^ftheland	putting	ot	this aCt in execution in reference to the fame,

tax for the all and every the person and persons who in and by an aCt of year 1758, to parliament made and pafled in the thirty first year of the reign put this aft in 0f His iate majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for execution. appointing commijjtoners for putting in execution an act of this fejfion of parliament, intituled, An aCt for granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight j and for enforcing the payment of the rates to be aflefled upon Somerfet House in the Strand\ and for rectifying a miflake in the said qft\ and for allowing further time to the receivers of certain aids for felting infuper for monies in arrear 5 were named and appointed

com-



i?6o.]	Annoprimo Georgii III. c. 2.	129

commiffioners for putting in execution the fame ad, within the several counties, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places of England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy duly qualifying themfelves according to this a St in that behalf,

(hall be commissioners for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this present alt, and the powers therein contained, within and for the fame counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedively.

VII.	And be it further enaded and declared, That the feve- Commiflion-

ral commissioners aforesaid shall meet together at the mod ufual ers to meet on and common places of meeting within each of the said coun- or	1th?

tics, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places 0 pril> refpedively, within England, Walej, and Berwick upon Tweedy 9

for which they are appointed commissioners as aforesaid, on or before the thirtieth day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and shall meet afterwards in like manner, as often as it shall be ncceflary, for putting so much of this all in execution, as is hereby committed to their care and charge5 and the said commissioners, or fo many of them as shall be present at such general meeting or meetings, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required to put so much as aforesaid of this present ad in execution, and shall afeertain and fet down in writing the several proportions which ought to be charged upon every hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other di-vifion refpedively, within England, Wales y and Berwick upon Tweedy for and towards the raising and making up the whole fum before by this ad charged upon the whole county, city, or other places for which they are hereby appointed commissioners, by charging in proportion to the fums which were afieflfed on the lame hundreds or divitions refpedively, by an ad of parliament made and paffied in the fourth year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Marjy of blefled memory, as thc a& intituled. An act for granting to their Majefties an aid of + w. & M. four Jhillings in the pound for one pear, for carrying on a vigorous war againft France ; and shall alfo, if they fee caufe, fubdivide and may fub-and diftribute themfelves, and the other commissioners not then divide them-prefent, into lefs numbers, foas three or more of the said com- c vci> c# miffioners may be appointed for the service of each hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other divifion, as may bed conduce to the carrying on his Majesty's fervices hereby required ; neverthelefs, not thereby toreftraio the said commissioners, or any of them, from ading as commissioners in any other part of the county or place for which they are appointed..

VIII.	And, for the more ejfeftual perjormance thereof; be it en- .

aded and declared. That the commissioners at such general	oners

meeting, or the major part of them then prefent, shall also a- Jo^&iiTeTch eree and fet down in writing, who, and what number of the divifion, to be laid commissioners shall ad in each of the said divifions or hun- given to the dreds, and shall deliver true copies of such writings to the re- rcc«»ver-ge-ceiver-general, to be appointed by his Majesty, or in purfuance Mcr of his diredions, to the end there may be no failure in any part Vol. XXIII.	K	of







Anno primo GioRGti HI* e.a» [1760*

cf the due Execution 6f the service by thi* aft required: *1*4 the said commissioners within the several hundreds* lathee, war pentakes, rapes, wards, or other divificms, in B*gk*di W*kt% and B&wick upon Tweedy or any two or more of them* are hereby authorized and required to caufe the several proportioni< charged on the refpeftive hundreds* lathes, wapentakes, rapes* wards, or other divifions, as aforesaid, for xst towards the aid hereby granted, to be equally taxed and affefled within every such hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other divifion* and within every pariffi and place therein, according to the beft of their judgements and diicrerions; and for that end and pur-Commiflion- pofe to direft their several or joint precept or precejpts to such in-» ers tofummon habitants, high-conftables, petty-conftaWes, bailiffs, and other be aflVffoAt0 °®ccfs and minifters, and such rtumber of them* as they in who aretoap-their diferetions shall think moft convenient, to be prcfentor# pear before and affeflbrs, requiring them to appear before the.faid cocttftiif* fioners, at such place and time, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint; and at such their appearances, the said commissioners, or such of them is shall be then prefent, shall opemy read, or caufe to be read unto them* the several rates, duties, and charges in this aft mentioned* and openly declare the effeft of their charge to them, and how, and in what tViartnefr they fhouM and ought to make theirfaid afleff* ments, and how they Ought to proceed in the execution of this aft, according to the tare meaning of.the fame. And if any feming, or re such con (table, petty-conftable, bailiff, officer, or minifter, ot fervcSforfeit ot^er inhabitants, to whom arty precept shall be direfted, shall not exceeding abfent themfelves without lawful excufe, to be made out by the 5I norlcfs & fcath of two Or more credible Witnefles (which oaths the said than 40s. commissioners, or fcrty two or more of them, are hereby Empowered to adminiftet) or if any officer or person appearing fhaH refufe to ferve; then every such officer or person fo making d*-fault, or refufing to ferve, (hall, for every such default orretufal, forfeit or lofe to his Majesty such fum or fume of money, as the said commiffiorters, or fo many of them as shall be prefent, or the major part of them being prefent, shall think fit, not exceed-AflVflbrs to be ing the sum of five pounds, nor lefis than forty (hillings* and at and ?utficicnt anc* a^t<:r char£c given as aforesaid, the (aid commissioners shall take care that warrants be iflued, and direfted to two at leaft of the moft able and fufficient inhabitants of each parifh, townfhip, or place, within the refpeftive divifions thereby, appointed requiring them to be affeflbrs of all and every the rates and fums of money by this aft impofed; and also therein ap-to* be brought P°*nt*ng anc* prefixing a certain day and place for the said afleflors in atadayand 10 appear before them, and to bring in their aflefftnents in writ-plate prtfixt. ing 5 which laid afleffors are hereby ftriftly enjoined and requir-The full fum ed, with all care and diligence, to affefs the full fum given them to b<i *n c^arge refpeftively upon all ready money, debts, personal eftates, offices, employments, annuities and penfions, chargeable as aforesaid, according to this aft, and by an equal pound-rate upon all manors, lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments,

and

them in 8 days}

and then to give them a charge.

Perfon* ab-

ii.lubitanu.

allcllod.

 )OQle

ty&o*] Anno primo Geqrgii III. c. a.	131

ztrfdotH4P thepremiffcs, within the luaita, circuits, and bounds of iher frd^CUve parifties or places, for which they shall be appointed aflfeflQrs a? aforefaid; and (hail bring with them at the Acertificateof tiMe'and place fo as aforesaid prefixt for their appearance, a ccr- the anjefTinent tificate in writing of the said affeffment, and shall then also re- vviththei% Him the names of two or more aWe and fufficient persons, Jiving collectors *rkhin the limits and bounds of thofe parifties, townrtiips, con- names, ftftble-wicks, and places, where they shall be chargeable refpec-tively, to the collectors of the monies which shall be affeffed as aforesaid, and to be paid to his Majesty by this a<5t; for whofe paying in to the receiver-general, or his deputy, in manner herein after mentioned, such monies as they shall be chargeable withal, the pari(h or place wherein they are fo employed shall be anfwerable: and if any affeffor To appointed, or to be ap- 4 poihted, shall negleCt or refufe to ferve, or shall make default at the time appointed for his appearance, not having lawful ex-cutty to be made out by the oaths of two credible witnefles (which oaths the said commiflioners, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to admmhler) or shall not perform his duty; every such afleffor (hall, for every such negleCf, refufal, Aflcfloi*, &c. or default, forfeit and lofe to his Majesty such fum as the com - negk&ing tniflioners, or fomany of them as shall be prefent, or the major ^ part of them, shall think fit, not exceeding the sum of forty n°tabove40I. pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods drid chattels, in like manner as by this a<ft is appointed for levying the several rates and afleffments herein mentioned, in cafe <rf negleCt or refufal of payment, and to be charged upon the ffcfoe&ive receivers-general, together with the said rates and af-feflments. And for completeing the whole fum charged to be raiftd in England^ IValtSy and Berwick upon Tweedy as aforefaid;' and to the end the aforesaid fums, charged upon the several and Afleflors to refpeCMve counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, towns, and places, deliver one for or towards the fame, may be duly collected, and true ac- copy of the counts thereof made, the said affeffjrs are hereby required to afTcflments to deliver one copy of their refpeflive afleffments fairly written,	*

and fubferibed by them, unto the said commiflioners, within the time to be prefixed as aforesaid : and the said commiflioners, Duplicates oT any three or more of them, are hereby required and prdered to thereof to be : (igrtand foal two duplicates of the same afleffments; and one of &c* them to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to two or more honeft jivere^totbe and rdfponfible persons to be collectors, which the said com- collectors, rtdffioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for &c. with war-each parish or place, with warrant to the said collectors to ra!Jf for col-colleCt the fame afleffments, payable as aforesaid, fo as the saidlc^ul&* several fums may be paid to the receiver-general at the refpect-ive times hereby limited : and the said commiflioners are hereby Commiflion-' also required* at the fame time to give the said collectors notice ers required to at what time or times, place or places, the appeals of any per-8iv?collc<^rf fori or persons, who shall think themfelves aggrieved by being {^e^and* ^ over-rated by the (aid affeffors, may be heard and determined ; piacc theap-which day or days of appeal, fo to be appointed by the said com- peal of any

K2	jnitperfonwho

(ball think





i£2	Anno	primo	Georgii III. c. 2.	f 1760.

himfdf ag- miffioners, shall beat leaft thirty days from the time of figning, icin^Vcr^	deliveriitg	the	faid	duplicates	to	the	faid collectors ;

rat^, may be an<* everY such colle&or is hereby allb required, within ten days heard and de- after the receipt of such duplicates from the said commiflioners* termined. to caufe pub lick notice to be given in every parish church, or chapel of eafe, belonging to any such parifh, within his diftrift or divifion, immediately after divine fervfee on the Lord's day (if any such divine service (ball be performed therein with-in that time) of the time and place (b appointed by the said commiflioners for hearing and determining appeals as aforefaid* and shall also caufe the like notices to be fixed in writing upon the door of each of the said refpe&ive pari(h churches, or cha-pejs of eafe, belonging to any such pari(hes, on the fame day, that all persons who shall think themfelves over-rated may know when and where to make their appeal to the said commiflioners; and the said collectors are hereby also required, upon the application of any person or persons who shall think himfelf or themfelves over-rated to the (aid rates and afleflments, to permit such person or p^pfons, or their ftewards or bailiffs, or other proper reprefentatives, to infpedt the duplicates of such rates or afle/T-ments upon the diviiion or diftridt of which he is colle&or, at all feafonable times in the day, without any fee or reward for the fame; and every person fo intending to appeal to the said com-roiffioners, (hall, and is hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to one or more of the affeffors of the parish wherein he is rated, of such his intention to appeal, that such affeflbr or affeffors, if they shall th:nk proper, may then and there attend to juftifv the said affeffment; and it is hereby declared, that all ,	appeals once heard and determined by the laid commiflioners, or

any three or more of them, or the major part of them then prefent, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing appeals as aforesaid, shall be final, without any further appeal upon any pretence whatfoever : and the said commiflioners arc A duplicate hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered a fchedule to ^deliver- or duplicate in parchment, under their hands and feals, fairly ed, together written, containing the whole fum aflefied upon each parish or with tne place, and also thechriftian names and furnames of the refpec-n£mr* ot tllc tive afleffors and colle&ors, unto the receiver-general of each lolLaorTto county* r»ding, city, borough, town, and place refpe&ively, jn the receiver- England* Wales* and Berwick upon Tweed* or his deputy; and general * lhall tranfmir, or caufe to be tranfmitted, a like fchedule or dupli-and one to the catc *nl° King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer j and rememliraa- this the said commiflioners shall caufe to be done upon or before cer's office,by the eighth day of Augufi, one thousand seven hundred and fix-S Aug. 1761, ty one, or within twenty davs after (all appeals to them being ter Vail ap ** determined) for which duplicates the remembrancer, or his peals firftde- deputy, (hail give to the person who brings the fame, a receipt termined.) in writing, gratis* under the penalty of ten pounds, to be re-Rem embran covercd to the King's ufe, as other penalties are by this a61 re-certo give re- coverable. eeipti gratis, on penalty uf tol.

2	IX.	And



1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	133

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The rates to

That the persons fo appointed to be collectors as aforesaid, in b* levic^ on England^ IValeS) and Berwick upon Tweed, shall levy and colJeCt	°f

all and every the rates and taxes, fo aflefled and charged, accord-	9

ing to the intent and direction of this ad ; which faid collectors

are hereby required to demand all and every the fum and fums of money, which shall be fo taxed and afiefTed, of the parties themfelves, as the fame shall become due, if they can be round, or elfe at the place of their lad abode, or upon the premises. charged with the afleffment; and the said several collectors shall and to be paid collect and levy the said monies fo charged for his Majesty's ufe, to tbercccjv-and are hereby required and enjoined to pay unto the receivers- 8cnfra» general, or their deputies, all and every the said rates and afleff-ments by them refpeCtively collected and received, at such time or times, place or places, as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint, fo as the whole fums due for each quarterly payment shall be paid or anfwered by the said collectors to the receivers-general, or their deputies refpeCtively, upon the days, and at the times, by this aCt appointed for payment thereof.

X.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority The moncy aforesaid. That the money received by the said collectors within collected to be their refpeCtive divifions or hundreds, as aforesaid, (hall, from paid to the retime to time, be duly paid to the receiver-general, or his deputy ceiver-eene-or deputies, to be appointed under his hand and feal, whereof

notice under the hand and feal of the refpeCtive receivers-general to give com/ shall be given to the commissioners, or any two or more of miflioneri no-them, within the refpeCtive divifions or hundreds, as aforesaid, hce. within ten days after the next general meeting, and fo, from time to time, within ten days after every death or removal of any deputy, if any such (hould happen; and the receipt of such receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, or any of them (which receipt or acquittance shall be given gratis to the collectors for all money by them paid) shall be a fufficient difeharge to every such collector; and the particular collectors aforesaid are hereby required to pay in all and every the fums fo received by them, to the said receivers-general, or their deputy or deputies; for thec0^ors not payment whereof the said collectors shall not be obliged to tra- obliged to travel above ten miles from the place or places of their inhabi- vel above 10 tations.	nule*«

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. Removal or That if any receiver-general of any such county or place shall death of redie, or be removed, or if any such receiver-general for the last ceiver general aid shall not be appointed for the prefent, notice thereof (hall

be given by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, to two miffioners!" or more commissioners aCting for each divilion iu such county or place before the time appointed by this aCt for the first quarterly payment of the aid hereby granted, and fo, from time to time, upon the death or removal of any such receiver-general; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XU. And be it further enaCted, That the sum of four hun-

K 3	dredand	Sd.	iq.

 v^ooQLe

134	Anno primo^jRdRGii III* c. 2. [i?Cd.

for the first dred ninety seven thousand four hundred Seventy fife pounds , qimterly pay- f(mr fhilllngs, and eight pence farthing, for the first quarterly paldtothere Payment of Add afleffmertts for England, Wain, and JBrunei ceivers by 24 upon Tweed, shall be fevied, colle&ed, and paid untb the r*eei~ June, i76i, vers-general of the laid several counties, cities, and other places, who shall be appointed as aforeiaid, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and iixtydfcej The second *nd lum four hundred ninety feven-thoufand four hun^ payment by dred feventy five pounds, four (billing!, and eight pence far-* *9 Sept. 1761. thing, for the second payment of the said quarterly payments* on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one titoufand The third seven hundred and sixty one 5 and the sum of four hundred Payj£cntby ninety seven thousand four hundred feventy five pounds, four *5 Dec. 1701. fhiijjng^ anc| e',ght pence farthing, for the third of the And quarterly payments, on or before the twenty fifth day of De~ The laft Dav- (ember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one 5 and the fill!* xnent by *5 ” °f four hundred ninety seven thousand four hundred feventy March, 1762. five pounds, four shillings, and eight pence farthing, for the lift of the said quarterly payments, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in full of the (aid fum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, and nine pence.

Receiver- e XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,' nera?^withm a Thal every receiver-general in England, Wales, and Berwiek month after upon Tweed, from time to time, within the fpace of one month receiving the next after he shall have received the full fum that shall be char* cha/ed* to 6C<* on in? hundred divifion, for such particular payment give^the'com- that is to be made to such receiver-general by virtue of this adh, miflioners a shall give to such commissioners as shall a<ft in such divifion or receipt:	hundred, a receipt under his hand and feal, acknowledging th*

receipt of the full fum charged upon such hundred or divifion which shall be^or Particu^r payments ; which receipt shall be a full dif* a full dif- chaise to each hundred or divifion for such particular payment, charge for againft his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceiTors; which (aid repayment. ceivers-general are hereby required forthwith, or at fartheft n era/with?" within twenty days after the receipt of any money of the taxee ao days to pay or duties by this atft granted, to tranfmit, orcaufe to be paid, the monies the money by them received, into the receipt of his Majesty'* into the ex- exchequer$ and the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treat* Receiver-ee- ^UIT> or r^c *orc* h'gh treaforef for the time being, are hereby neral allowed authorized to allow to the said receiver-general of each county, ad. in the riding, city, and town refpcdUvfcJy, in England, Woks, and Bers-popnd. w'nk ''upon Tweed, a (alary for his pains, not exceeding two penct in the pound, for so much as he shall pay into the exchequer, upon the clearing of his accounts.

Collectors to XIV. And be it further ena&ed and declared by the autho-have3d.intherity aforesaid. That the collectors of the aforesaid rates and af-pound. feffments in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, hereby granted, for gathering the particular (urns charged upon the pa-yi(h or place for which they 0>all be appointed collectors by virtu*



*35

i 7&x] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

toe of this aft, %od for giving receipts tp the person or persons of	whom tbajr receive the fame, (ball, upon cohesion of the

Whole Aim appointed tQ he collected by them, and payment thereof » t* hereby before appointed, have and receive for their pain*'in colkftuig and paying the money, three pence in the pound, which the (aid eoUeftOfo are impowered tp detain out of the J aft payment of the mooje? of their fevcr?l and refpeiYive quarterly : payments ; and the (aid receiver-general, upon the raceipt of the whole affeffinents of the county, riding, city, or town, far which he is appointed receiver-general (in cafe he 4»H • have received the feverai duplicates of each parish and plaoe therein, and that duplicates (ball be returned to the office of his Majelly's remembrancer pf the exchequer, as aforesaid, and not other wile) (ball allow and pay according to such warrant as ihall be given in that behalf, by the said comm flianers, CoromtfTion-or any two or more of them, three halfpence in the pound, and ers clerks to no move, for the commissioners clerks, for their pains in fair Jj1**three. writing the affeffinents, duplicates, and copies, hereiu before direftod, and all warrants, orders, and inftrudtioas relating thereunto.

- XV. And be it further ena&ed and declared, That if any Collectors person fball refufe or negleft to pay any fum or fums of rnqpey, may levy by whereat he or (he Ihall bp rated or aueffed in England., JVales, d'lkre)s)V'C;‘/e or Btrwitk upon Twetd,by this a#, upon demapd, by the said p ” “nt 0 epheftor or colkftors of that place, according to the precepts or p threats to him or them delivered by the said commissioners, that then, and in all and every such cafe apd cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to levy the fum afleffed by diftrefs and Ale of the goods and chattels of such per-fon io neglecting or refuting to pay, or diftrain upon the mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and - premiffes, fo charged with any Aten fum or fume of money; and the goods and battels then Diftrefs to be and there found, and the diftrefs fo taken, to kiep by the fpace kept four days of four days, at the cofts and charges of the owners; and if the *^!ir*0.WDer s Aid owners dp not pay the fum or fums of money fo rated or thenappraifed afleffed within the Aid fpace of four days, then the said diftrefs and fold, and to be apprpifed by two or more of the inhabitants where the fame overplus re-Ihall be taken, or other fufficient persons, and to be fold by thetuin *	*

Aid colieftors for payment of the said money} and the overplus coming by such Ale (if any be) over and above the tax and charge of taking and keepir.j the said diftrefs, to be immediately returned to the owners thereof; and moreover, that it (haft be lawful to break open in the day-time any houfe, and, upon warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more of the (aid commissioners, any cheft, trunk, box, or other thing, where any such goods are, calliog to their afliftance the conftabies, tything-men, or headboroughs, within the counties, ridings, cities, towns, or places, where any refufal or negle£t shall be made; which (aid officers are hereby required to be aiding and afBfting in the premises, as they will anfwer the contrary at their perils;

K 4	and





Commiflioners to determine differences about diftrefs.

For want of diftrefs, of-

136	Anno	primo	Georgii	IIL	c.	2.	[17601.

and if any queftion or difference- (hill happen upotVtaking fuck' diftrefs, the fame shall be determined and ended bv the said coro* t miffioners, or any two or more of them ; and if anyperionos: persons aflfefled by this aft mEtogland? Walts? or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall negledt or refufe to pay his9 her, or -their afleffment by the fpace of ten days after demand, asafbre*i faid, or convey any of his, her, or their goods, or other perfo-* * nal eftate, whereby the fums of money fo afletfedcannoc belro vied according to tnis aft; in every such cafe, any twoar marm diftrefs, of- 0f the commiflioners aforesaid, for any city, county, or places committed. * are hereby authorized, by warrant under their hands and feais,-(except a peer to commit such person or persons (except a peer or peerefo of orpeerefs of Qreat Britain) to the common gaol, there to remain without GreatBritain) or mainprize, until payment be made of the money a&fldd,-Tenants to and the charges for bringing in the fame be paid* and no longer pay the tax, and the several and refpeftive tenant and tenants of all houfcs, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in England? Wales? orBer* wick upon Tweed? which shall be rated by virtue of this- aft, are* hereby required and authorized to pay such fum or fums of-money, as shall be rated upon such houfes, lands, tenements^ or hereditaments, and to deduft out of the rent fo moch.of the and deduct fo	fatc» as> in refpeft of the said rents of any such houfes*-

mucb'out of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the landlord (hould and ought to pay and bear: and the said landlords, both mediate-and immediate, according to their refpeftive interefts, are.bereby> required to allow such deduftions and payments, upon receipt of the refidue of the rents.	--	-	...

XVI. And be it enafted and declared, That every tenant, paying the said afleffment or affeffments laft-mentioned, shall be acquitted and difeharged of so much money as the (aid affeff-ment or affeffments shall amount unto, as if the fame had aftu* ally been paid unto such person or persons, to whom his rent shall have been due and payable: and if any difference shall a~ rife between landlord and tenant, or any other, concerning the said rates in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed? the saidie-veral commiflioners, or any two or more of them, in their feve^ ral divifions, shall have, and they have hereby power to fettle the fame, as they shall think fit; and in cafe the proportions fet cfs rocaufeall by this or any former aft upon all and every the refpeftive coua-deficiencies to ties, ridings, cities, towns, and places in England? Wales? and and^made^^^	uPon	Tweed?	(hall not be fully affeffed, levied, and paid,

good?* C according to the true meaning thereof; or if any of the said afr feflments shall be rated or impofed upon any person not being of ability to pay the fame, or upon any empty or void hotife or land, where the fame cannot be collefted, or levied, or that through any wilfulnefs, negleft, miftake, or accident, the said afleffment charged on each county, riding, city, town, or place, as aforesaid, by virtue of this or any former aft, happens not to be paid to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies, a&in this or any former aft is direfted ; that then, and in all and every such cafe and cafes, the several and refpeftive commiflioners, af-

fefiors.

the rents.

Tenants difeharged for what they fo pay.

Commillion-ers to fettle differences between land lord and tenant.

Commiflion



*37

1760*] Anno primo GeoroIi III. c. 2.

fcflow, and colledors aforesaid, and every of them refpedi vely* arethcreby authorized and required to affefs and re-affefs, or caofe to bp affefled or re-aflefled, levied, and paid, all and every fischTaixfcand fans of money, upon the refpedive divifions or hundreds .wherein such deficiency shall happen, or parifiies tberdaa, a& to the said commissioners, or such number of them, asbythis ad are authorized to caufe the said first afleffment hcreby required to be made, shall feem mod agreeable to equity and jtiftice; the £aid new afleffment to be made, collected, and paid* in: such manner, and by such means, as in this ad for other affeffments is declared and diroded.

. XV1L And be it further enaded and declared by the autho- Affeffor refa* rky aforesaid, That if any afleffor or colledor, or other person or fing to ferve, peefoos, shall wilfully neried or refufe to perform his or their10 fotkiU duty in the due and Jpeedy execution of this present ad, or shall cxcecdinK4*>‘* he guilty of any fraud or abufe4n executing the fame, the said re(pc£fcive commissioners, or any three or more of them, have hereby power to impofe on such person or persons, fo negleding or refufing his or their duties, or being guilty of such fraud or such fine or fines, as by them (nail be thought fit, fo the fame exceed not the sum of forty pounds; which faid fines shall qot be taken off or difeharged, but by the confent of the majo- pine net to be iky of tbe commissioners who impofed the fame, but shall be dilcharged levied by wairant under the hands and feals of the said com-but by com* miffiooefs, or any two or more of them, by diftrefs and fale of ^kRonmmhm the good* and chattel* of the offenders, and in default of goods ^cUevied by and chattels (the offender not being a peer or peerefs, as afore- diftrefs or im-fiod) to be committed by warrant under the hands and feals of prifonment, die faid commiifioners, or any two or more of them, to prifon, there to remain till payment of the said fine; and all fines to be and paid into impofed by virtue of this ad, in England, Wales, and Berwickthe exche-Mpen Tweed, shall be paid to the receivers-general, and by them <luc^, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and shall be infert- and inferted ed in the duplicates in parchment fairly written, to be tranf- in the dupli-mitted to the office of the King's remembrancer as aforefaid,catcs* that the fame may be thereby known, and charged in account.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded and declared. That if any Colledors de-colledor or colledors, that shall be* by virtue of this ad, ap- timing the| pointed for the receipt of any fum or fums of money thereby "lon^y»t0 be to be affeffed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall refuie or negled to pay any fum or fums of money, which shall fejzed ^d be by him or them received, as aforesaid, and to pay the fame fold, &c. as in this ad is direded, or shall detain in his or their hands any money received by him or them, or any of them, and not pay the fame, as by this ad is direded; the said commiifioners of-each county, city, riding, or town refpedively, or any two or more of them, in their refpedive divifions, are hereby authorized and impowered to imprifon the perfon, and feize and fecure the eflate, as well freehold as copyhold, and all other efiate, both real and perfonal, of such colledor, to him belonging, or which shall defeend or come into the hands or poffeffion of his

heirs.





t3%

Commiflioners to examine whether the /»rut aflkflfed be duly col-lefted, &c.

In cafe of controversies in afleflingcom-tniffioners, the €ommiflk>ners concerned to withdraw.

Anno prime Georgi! HI, c.	[i?6q.

heirs, executors, or admlnjfttators, wherefoever the Amt <*ft be difeovered or found; and the said cevnmMfonerf, who (ball fo feize or fecure the eftijte of any cerfleftor or eolle&ert, (Half be and are hereby ifnpowered tp appoint a time fora'gsnetai meeting of the said commiflioners for foch county, riding, eity, town, or place, and there to catsfe po^hek notice fo be given of the place where such meeting shall beapptfhtcd; fix days atleaft before such general meeting; and* theconwiiffioners present et such general meeting, or the major part of them, in cafe tbo monies detained by any such cojleftor or colieftors be not park! and fatisfied *s it ought to be, according to the direftions of this aft, shall he, and aje hereby impotyered and required fo fell and difpofe of all such eftates, which (ball be, for the carafe afore^ faid, feized and fedured, or any paw of them, to fetkfy aiul pay into the hands of the receiver-general, or hk deputy, for such county, riding, or place, the (ufn which shall be detained in the hand;* of such colteftor or cofteftors, their heirs, exceuJ tor$, or admimftrarprs refpeftively.

XIX And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it the etfpirat;on of the refpeftive times in this aft preferibed for'the full payment of the said quarterly afleflments in Eng-land, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the several and refpeftive commiflioners, or any two or more of them, within their dm«* fion or hundred, fb^ll, and are hereby required to call before them the colleftots within each refpeftive divifion or hundred* parish or place, and to examine and affure themfe4ve9, of the Full and whole payment of the particular fum and (urns of mo* ney charged upon the fame divifion or hundred, and every pa* rim and place therein, and of the due return of the same kuo the hands of the refpeftive receivers-general, thetr deputy or deputies, of the said counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places refpeftively, and by fiich receivers-general into tht receipt of his Majesty s exchequer $ to the end there may be no failure in the payment of any part of the jaflefTment, by virtue of this aft to be aflefled and paid, nor any arrears remaining chargeable upon any of the said counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places refpeftively; and in cafe of any failure in the premiflse, the said commiflioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to caufe the feme to be forthwith levied and paid, according to the true intenj and meaning of this aft.; ' /

XX. And it is hereby enafted and declared, That in cafe any controverfy shall arife concerning the laid afleflments, or the dividing, apportioning, or payment thereof, which concerns.any of the commiflioners before bv this aft appointed, the commit-(ioners fo concerned in the said controverfy, in their own right, or in the right of any other person for whom they shall aft as fteward, agent, attorney, Or folichor, shall have no voice, but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of liich controverfy, until it be determined by the reft of the commiflioners; and in default thereof rhe commiflioners then present shall have power, and are hereby required to impofe such jjme or fines, as to thetn

dull





1760.] Anno primo Georoii III. c. *.	139

Audi he thought fit, upon such commiffioncr To refufing to with- In Aefeult to dfcsw, net exceeding twenty pounds, and tp caufe the fame to b^fned*«“ot bfcteviodcond paid, as other fines to be impbfed by virtue of this * ve ad one to be levied and paid; and all epeftions and differences which ihall arife touching any of the laid rates, duties, or afield ments, iii England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or the col* tiding thereof, shall be heard and finally determined by the said eomirnffioners, in such manner as by this ad is dire&ed, upon 00mplaint thereof made to them by any person or persons there-by.^rieved, without further trouble, or fuit in law, in his Ma-jpftyY court of King's Bench, or any other court whatsoever. crXXL And be it further efia&ed and declared. That no privi- privileged leged place or perfon, body politick or corporate, within the place or per-counties, ridings, cities, and towns aforesaid, in England, Wales, f°n exempt and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be exempted from the said aflefiV from ta*; toent, and taxes; but that they, and e* cry of them, and also all Fee farm fee^fann rents, and all other rents, payments, fum and fums rents. See. to of money, and annuities, lifting out of, or payable for any lands, be taxed, fliall be liable towards the payment of every fum by this ad to belated and levied; and all such tenants are herebydireded and authorized to pay them proportionably, according to the rates and.aflefiraents by this addireded and appointed; and all such Tenants to tenants ihall be hereby faved and kept harinlefs, by the autho- pay the rate* my of this ad, from any further payment of any fuen proportion of - ibch rent, rents, fums of money, or annuities, to any perfect or persons to whom any such rent, rents, fums of money, or annuities as aforesaid, mould or ought to be paid, to all in-testtsand purposes whatsoever, as fully and amply as if they had paid the fame to any person or persons, to whom the fame is or are referved, -or become due.

* -JtXII. Provided, That nothing in this ad contained shall Colleges, te. extend to chaige any college or hall in either of the two univer- in .the univer-fitiesof Onford and Cambridge, or the colleges of Windfor, Eaton,	not

WinUn, or Weftminjlcr, or the corporation of the governors Gf char£c* : tkfe charity for the relief of the poor widows and children of clergymen, or the college of Bromley, or any hofpital in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in refped of the fites of the said colleges, balls, or hofpitak, or any of the buildings within the walls or limits of the said colleges, halls, or hofpr-tali; or any mafier, fellow, or fcholar or exhibitioner of any such college or hall, or any reader, officer, or matter of the said univerfitks, colleges, or halls, or any matters or uthers of any fchools in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in re-(pedof any ftipend, wages, rents, profits, or exhibitions whatsoever, ariung or growing due to them, in refped of the laid fevers! places or employments in the said univerfities, colleges, or fehools; or to charge any of the houses or landsv which on or nof tj,c before the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix houses or hundred and ninety three, did belong to the fites of any college lands which or hall in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy or to Chrijrs bcforc tb* fdojjpital, Smtlfartbolomew, Bridewell, Saint Thomasy add Bath* ^March*

lohem 169), did tw-

 LjOoq le

140	Anno	primo	GeoRgii III. c. 2‘; [ifSo*

longtoChrUk'sJtbsm Hofpaals, in the city of London, and borough of South-Hoffital,&c* work, or any of them ; or to the said corporation of the govcr-ti^of37rgy* aors charity f°r re^cf the poor widows and chil-mei>8 fons, dren of clergymen, or the college of Bromley; or shall extend to Bromley col- charge any other hofpitals or alms-houfes in England, Wales, or or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in refpe& only of any rents or reve-etherhoipiul, flucs^	on or before the said five and twentieth day of

March, one thouland fix hundred and ninety three, were payable to the said hofpitals or alms-houfes, beincr to be received „	aud difburfed for the immediate ufe and relief of the poor of the

faid hofpitals and alms-houfes only.

No tenants of XXIII. Provided, That no tenants, that hold and enjoy any hofpitals, &e. lands or houses by leafe or other grant from the said corporation, to claim any or any 0f tjlc faij hofpitals or alms-houfes, do claim or enjoy mP ,0P* any. freedom, exemption, or advantage by this ail; but that all the houses and lands, which they fo hold, shall be rated and afiefied for so much as they are yearly worth, over and above the rents referved and payable to the said corporation, or to the said hofpitals or alms-houfes, to be received and difburfed for the immediate fupport and relief of the poor of the said hofpitals and alms>houfes.

Such tenants XXIV. Provided always. That nothing in this acl contained not difcharg- shall be conftrued or taken to difeharge any tenant of any the cd, who by houses or lands belonging to the said colleges, halls, or hof-lUted tooay P'ta*s> alms-houfes, or fchools, or any of them, who by their taxes. P y Icafes, or other contradts, are and do (land obliged to pay and difeharge all rates, taxes, and impofitions whatsoever; but that they, and every of them, shall be rated, and pay all such rates, taxes, and impofitions, any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Cora million XXV. And in cafe any quejlion hath been, or [hall be made, how ers to deter- far any lands or tenements belonging to any hofpital or alms-houfe in mine how far England, Wales, or Berwick upon 7'weed, not exempted by tonaina tobC* name out °f	ou^	t0 aMeUed ttnd charged to the land tax;

hoipitals, See. he h enacted and declared, That the fame shall be determined not exempted by the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them then prefent, upon appeal before them at the day or days by them appointed, for the hearing and determining of appeals; whofe determination in such cafe shall be final.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That all such lands, revenues, or rents, belonging to any hofpital or alms-houfe, or fettled to any charitable or pious ufe, as were afiefied in the fourth year of the reign of their late majefties King N William and Queen Mary, shall be, and are hereby adjudged to be liable to be charged towards the payment of this present aid; and that no other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, revenues, or rents whatfoever, then belonging to any hofpital or alms-houfe, or fettled to any charitable or pious ufes, as aforesaid, shall be charged, taxed, or afiefied by virtue of this present a<ft, towards the (aid fijm to be railed in England, Wales, and Berwick

upon

by name, •nghtto be charged.

All hofpitals, lands, &c. a (Veiled by 4W.&M. liable to this aid, and no other*.





iy6o:j

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

ifi

uponTweedy as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	'	'	_

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enabled, That all and Rccrivcr* <>f every auditors, reeves, receivers, and their deputies, who audit toTlIovT** or receive any fee-farm rents, or other chief rents (arifing in 4S.'pcr pound England^ IVales, or Berwick upon Tweed) due to his Majesty, or to the parties, to any person or persons claiming by any grant or purchafe without feeton from or under the crown, shall allow four (hillings for every P00*oi pound of the said rents, and a proportional rate for any greater

fum than ten shillings, to the party or parties paying tne fame, without any fee for such allowance, upon the penalty of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered by aftion of debt, or upon the Cafe, together with full cofts of fait j any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. And if any fuch^uditor of the revenues, or any of them, belonging to his Majesty, or any deputy, or any other	.	*

perfon afting for or on the behalf of any such auditor (hall, irt «ants infuper the account of any reeve, receiver, or otherwife, fet infuper any fjrwhatought tenant or other perfon, or make any such tenant or other perfon, he allowed, or his or their*eftate, liable to any diftrefs, forfeiture, or vexa-	*	***

tion whatfoever, for any fum or Aims of money, which, by the	*

true intent and meaning of this aft, ought to be allowed after the rate of four (hillings in the pound, or shall refufe, negleft, or delay to allow, and finally difeharge the fame in the proper accounts wherein the fame ought to be allowed and difehargedj that then, and for every or any such offence, every such auditor, or deputy, or person afting for such auditor, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to the party grieved, to be re- to forfeit 100U covered as aforesaid, and shall be incapable to enjoy his office or place, or any office or place of truft under his Majesty.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted anddeclared by the authority such fee-farm

aforefaid, That the fee-farm rents, for which a deduction or al- rents only to lowance, after the rate of four (hillings in the pound, is intended havc an *1-to be made by this present aft, are luch fee-farm rents only, as per^und,^a$ are anfwerable to his Majesty, or have been purchased fromthte are anfwerable ‘crown by virtue of two acts of parliament made in the two and to the crown, twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign of the late	P'M\

King Charles the Second, for and concerning the fale of fee- [ * to " farms rents, or one of them, and which were not, on or before Car. a.

the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred

and nineprthree,payable to any college, hofpital,reader in either

univerfity, or any other person or persons before exempted by this

aft; provided such deduction or allowance do not exceed the

fum aflefled by virtue of this aft, upon the whole eftateor eftates,

out of which such purchased fee-farm rent or rents doth or do

iflue ; and the owners and receivers of such fee-farm rents shall The owners

and are hereby required, oh payment of such rents, to allow four ^me^o the

(hillings for every twenty (hillings of the fald rents, and fo in p^rty paying.

proportion for any fum not lefs than ten shillings, to the party or F

parties paying the fame; any thing in this aft contained to the

contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX. And



*4*

Lifts of penfions, &c. to be delivered gratis to the affelfors.

5iii, to be opt in the exchequer.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[i /&>♦

XXIX. And be it enafted, That the officers in the receipr of his Majesty's exchequer, and in other the publick offices, upon requeft to them made by the refpeftive afleffors, shall deliver gratis true lifts or accounts of all penfions, annuities, ftipends, or other annual payments, and of all fees, falaries, aria other ' allowances, payable at the said receipt, or in the said publick offices, to any commiffioner or commiflioners, officer or officers, for the execution of this aft, for the better guidance of the said Taxeson pen. afleffors in the charging of the same. And that in all cafes fions, &c. not where any penfions, annuities, ftipends, or other yearly payments, or the fees, falaries, wages, or other allowances or profits charged by this aft, shall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or by the cofferer of his Majesty's houfhold, or out of any other publick office, or by any of his Majesty's receivers or paymafters in England, WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweedy the tax or payment, which in purfuance of this aft shall be charged for or in refpeft of such annuities, penfions, ftipends, fees, falaries9 wages, allowances, or profits, shall and may (in cafe of nonpayment thereof) be detained and ftopt out of the same, or out of any money which shall be paid upon such penfions, annuities, ftipends, fees, falaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be applied to the fatisfaftion of the rates and duties not other wife paid as aforefaid; and the proper officers in A true account the said exchequer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, shall to be kept of keep true accounts of all monies ftopt, and (upon requeft) shall give copies of such accounts to the proper colleftors of such monies, for the refpeftive pari(hes or places where the said monies are affefled by this aft.

Perfons to be XXX. Provided, That where any person inhabiting within taxed in the the city, of Londwty or any other city or town corporate of Eng-parifli wbeie landy WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweedy hath his dwelling-houfe m they dwell.	onC Gf the pari(hes or wards therein, and hath any goods, wares,

or merchandizes, in any one or more of the other parithes or wards within the fame, that then such person shall be taxed, charged, and affeffed for such his goods and merchandizes, in the pari(hor ward where he dwelleth, and not elfewhere, within the said city or town corporate.

XXXI.	Provided neverthelefs, That no clause or provifo in this aft shall extend to the leflening or abatement of the full fum appointed by this aft to be taxed, collefted, levied, and paid, but that the fame be fully aflefled, levied, collefted, and paid, in the several and refpeftive counties, cities, and towns aforesaid, in Enghndy WaleSy and Berwick upon Tweedy in such manner and form, and to such ufes, as herein is before mentioned and declared*

XXXII.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained shall tw^Und^* ^ con^ruc<^to alter, change, or determine, or make void any krd and t*- contrafts, covenants, or agreements whatfoever between land-nant, touching lord and tenant, or any other persons, touching the payment of taxes not to taxes, and afleflments, in Englandy JValeSy and Berwick upon

Tweed % any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXXIII. And

the money ftopt*

No provifion to leflen the full fum by this aft to be levied.

be avoided.

 v^ooQie

lyGo.)	Anno	prime	Georgii IIJ, c. i.	143

XXXIIL-Provided always, and be it further enacted and 4c- All places to dared by the, authority aforelaid, That fur the avoiding all ob- Fa^iWtSfr^'. (irudtiont and delays in afleffing and cofte&ing the fums by this lu y ad to be rated and aflefied upon any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, or other hereditaments, all places, cooftablewicks,. diyiliOns, and allotments, which have been ufed to be taxed and a defied, shall pay and be aflefied, in fuel) county, hundred, rape, wapentake, cortftablewick, divifion, or place of allotment within.

England Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed\ as the fame have heretofore been ufually aflefied in, and not elfewherc.

XfcXIV. Provided tieverthriefs, That the hundred of Weft WeftBarnfidd Bare field, formerly taxed or aflefied in the lathe of Alt ford in the ?° a|rc^cd county of Rent* may forthe future (ifthecommiflioners think fit) be "I sk ray* com' rated and aflefied in the lathe of Skrcty in the county afore fa id ; Kent. ** as likewife may the tithing of Northmore in the county of Oxford. Northmore, be aflefied in the hundred Of Bampton In thb faid county ; and c°m' °xon* m the tithingfc of Gharlbury, Foliar, and Finflock, in the hundred of CbadUngton in the laid county; as also the whole town and pa* in Chadltng-ri(h of Leeds in the county of York, in the hundred of Sky rack in ton. the said county; and the pfcrifh of Gmberjley in the County of p^**-^?* Worcefter, in the lowerdivifion of Ofwaldjlm hundred in the said 1,1	^.

county; and the parilhof Aldetnajlvt, in the eaftern divifion of Omberfley, Ofwaldfiow hundred in the said county; and the parifhof Yardley com] Worcef in Bronfgrcve divifion of Halfjhire hundred in the /aid county; *er> and the forelt of Chute shall be aflefied and pay where the fame Aidcm^tton,in waS aflefied to the first aid of four (hillings in the pound, granted Ofwaldfiow* to their late majeftics King William and Queen Mary; and that hundred, the parith of Upton upon Severn, in the county of Worcefter^ for- Partlh ofYard-mferly taxed and aflefied id the lowerdivifion of Ofwaldfiow hun- fhfrehundred, dred in the said County, may for the future, if the commiflioners Forelt of Chare* think fit, bt taxed and aflefied in the lower divifion of Perfiore where the fiilt hundred in the said county; and also the profits of the naviga- +s-a*4 wa* tion of the rivers Calder aha Ayre, in the weft riding of the * * inPer* County of York, shall be aflefied and paid, one moiety thereof at (bore hundred, the town of Wakefield, and the other moiety at the town of Leeds, Calder and and not elfewbere.	£?Tu'c\a a

XXXV. And whereas the palace of Somcrfet House has been u- Lcc(£ e dan fually rated and affeffcd'within the liberty of the dutchy of Lancaster, in the Strand, but the inhabitants and occupiers of apartments and buildings, within and belonging to the said palace^ have evaded or re~ fu/ed the payment of the said rates, to the prejudice of the proprietors and owners of lands -and buildings within the said liberty \ now it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That all and every the inhabitants Inhabitants of and occupiers of apartments and buildings, within and belonging apartments, to the said palace, shall be liable to, and chaiged with, the pay- *c- *n ?°mer* ibent of such rates and afleflments as shall be fet upon them re- a&fftcMit fpe&ively, in proportion to the rates and afleflnaents that shall the fame pro* be made and aflefied upon other the lands and buildings within portion with the said liberty, and that the fame powers and remedies shall he th°fe made ufc for the afleffing, levying, and collecting such rates and c ** 1 crty'

General iffue.

Treble coils.

Where lands, Zee. are unoc

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[1760.

aflcffments, as are by*this ad given for the affelling, levying, and collecting the rates and dqries thereby directed to be raifed.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That if any action, plaint, fuit, or information, shall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons, for what he or they do in purfuance or execution of this ad, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy such person or persons, fo fued in any court whatfoever, shall and may plead the general iffue, not guilty; and upon iffue joined, may give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff or pro-fecutor shall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdid pafs againft him, the defendants shall recover treble cofts, for which they shall have the like remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That in cafe any lands or houses in any parifti, place, or conftablewick, in

Woles, ox Berwick upon Tweed, shall be unoccupied, tSSJS an<*no	can	f°un(l on fame, by reafon whereor the

diftrain at any feid pari(h, place, or conftablewick, is forced to pay and make time after. good the tax affefled upon such lands lying unoccupied; that then it shall and may be lawful at any time after, for the collectors, conftables, or tythingmen of the said parifh, place, or conftablewick, for the time being, to enter and diftrain upon the lands or houfes, when there shall be any diftreffes thereupon to be found; and the diftrefs and diftreffes (if not redeemed within four days, by payment of the tax and charge of the diftrefs) to fell, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners of such diftrefs ; and the said collector, conft able, or ty thingman, is hereby enjoined todiftributethc money raised by the said diftrefs and fale, proportionably, to the parties who contributed to the tax of the unoccupied lands or houfes.

Wood ma be XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That where cut dowivand any wood lands in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall fold fordiftrefs. beaffeffed, and no diftrefs can be had, that in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for any cblle&or, conftable, headborough, or tythingman, by warrant under the hands and feals of two or more of the commissioners of that hundred or divifion, at feafon-able times of the year, to cut and fell to any person or persons so much of the wood growing on the said woods lands fo affeffed (timber trees excepted) as mall pay the affeffment or affeffments fo behind and unpaid, and the charge incident thereunto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, and his or their aftigns, to whom such wood shall be fold, to fell, cut down, difpofe, and carry away the fame to his own ufe, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner; any law to the contrary notwithftandrng.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any tax or affeffment shall be charged or laid on any tithes, such tolls as are chargeable by this a St, profits of markets, fairs, or filherics, or any other annual profits, in Eng*

fc£ed aJid*	tod*

fold.

(Timber trees except ed)

Tithes, tolls, Zee. not paid within 6 days

v?6o.J	Anno primo Georgn III. c. 2.	145

WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweedy not diftrainable, in cafe the fame shall not be paid within fix days after such afleflment fo charged or laid, or demanded, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the colledtor, conftable, or other officer thereunto appointed, by warrant under the hands and fealg of any two or more of the commissioners authorized by this adt, to feize, take, and fell so much of the said tithes, wherefoever they can be found, tolls, or other profits, fo charged, as (ball befufficient for the levying the said tax or aiTeffment, and all the charges occa-fioned by such nonpayment thereof, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner.

XL. Andy for the better preventing such unjuft vexations as might be occajionei by such perfrns as Jhall be appointed receivers-general of any ofthe fums of money granted by this ably to beraifed fo England,

Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; and to the intent the jaid re-ceivers-general may return a true account into bis Majeftys court of exchequer, of any fum or fums of moneyas Jhall be received by them, and every of themy their and every of their deputy or deputies; be it enadted by the authority aforesaid. That if any such receiver- Receiver-ge-general (ball return, or certify into the said court, any fam or ?cral return-futrts of money to be in arrear, and unpaid, after the fame have ^ho h^ve^aid been received, either by such receiver-general, or his deputy or the tax, to be deputies, or any of them, or shall caufe any person or perlons, or in arrear, places, to he fet infupery in the said court, for any fum or fums of money that have been lb received, that then every such re- £orfeitl ceiver-general shall be liable to pay to every person or persons damages to that shall be mojefted, vexed, or damaged, by reafon of any the party such unjuft certificate, return, or fetting infupery treble the da- gncvcd* mage that shall be thereby bccafioned, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; in which no efioin, pro- ' k* M . tedtion, or wager of law, shall be allowed, ot any more than one f^doublc* imparlance; and shall also forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs, and the fum fo re* fucccffors, double the fum that shall be fo unjuftiy certified, or turned, returned, or caufed to be fet infuper.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That the commifiioners that shall be within any county, city, Commiffioners

or place, within the refpedtive limits of England, Wales, or Ber-	tilc

wick upon Tweedy or the major part of them, shall tax and aflefs

every affefior within their divifions, for all and lingular the

matters and things for which by this adt he ought to be taxed

and aflefled; and all fums aflefled upon every the said affeffors,

and the aflellments made and (et by the afieflors aforesaid, (hall

be written, eftrea^ed, levied, and gathered, according to the true

intent and meaning of this adt.

XLU. Provided alfo. That no person inhabiting in anycitv, None compd-boroogh, or town corporate, in Englandy WaleSy or Berwick led to be ar. upon Tweedy shall be compelled to be an afleftor or colledtor of or out °C for any part of the rates and afleffinents hereby granted, in any the city Jw. place or places out of the limits of the said city, borough, or town corporate.

XLI1I. Provided always, and be it enadted. That every rate,

V or. XXIII.	L	tax.

*46	Anno prlmo Georgii III. c. a,	[1766.

Affetfmenti on ta*, and aflcflinent, which shall be made or impofed by virtue of l^is *n rc*Pc<^ any house or tenement which an ambafla-be^aid bySthc dor* refident, agent, or other publick minifter of any foreign landlords. prince or Rate, now doth, or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the landlord or owner of the said houses or te~ nements refpc&ivcly.

In places ex- XLIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* traparochial That in all privileged and other places, being extraparochial, or to^ominate1^* not within the constable wicks or precin&s of the refpcCfive af-affeffors and fe(Tors, to be appointed by virtue of this ad, in EnglandWales* collectors. See. or Berwick upon Tweed (although in any monthly or other tax they hive not been rated heretofore) and in all pari(hes where two able and fufficient inhabitants cannot be found, the said com* miffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two or more fit per-fons, living in or near the said privileged or other places as a* forefaid, to be afleflors for the said places, and to make and re* turn the said afleflments, in like manner as by this aCt is ap* pointed in any parifh, tything, or plaee; andalfo to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the fame in manner appointed by this aCt for the collecting and paying all the aforesaid fums or money chargeable by this aCt.

No commifli- XLV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the ati-oner, lia- thority aforesaid, That no commiflioner, aflefler, or collector, ble to any o. who (nail be employed in the execution of this ad, in England, than^uch a*64	or	Berwick upon Tweed, shall be liable, for or by reafon

are inflidled °f foch execution, to any penalty or penalties, other than such by this aft. as by this aCt are or may be inflicted for or by reafon of such execution.

Commiflioners not to aft without taking the oaths by x Geo. 1. it c.

Acting before oaths taken, forfeit aool.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That no person shall be capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of aCting as a commiflioner inthe'execution of this aCt, or executing any the powers therein contained (unlefs it be the power hereby given of adminiftering oaths) until such time as he shall have taken the oaths appointed by the aCt of parliament made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First (intituled. An act for the further security of bis Majejlfs person and government, and the fucceffion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteflants; and for extingui/bing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and hts open and fecrot abettors ;) which oaths it shall and may be lawfaJ for any two or more of the commiflioners to adminifter, and they are hereby required to adminifter the fame to any other of the (aid coramii-(ioners.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if ahy person hereby appointed a commiflioner for any county, cky, town, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, lhall prefume to aCt as a commiflioner in the execution of this ad, before he shall have taken the oaths which by this aCt he is required

>47

iy6o.]|	Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

quired to take, and in manner hereby prefcribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Aim of two hundred pounds.

XLVIII. Provided aifo. That every person in	,	Officer* to pay

Wain, or Berwick upon Tweedy rated or afleifcd for his office or employment, fliall berated and pay for bis faid office or employ*p 7 ' ment, in the county, city, or place, where the fame shall be exercifed, although the revenue or profiis arifing by such office or employment are payable ehewhere.

XL1X. Provided always. That the right honourable the ma« Officer* in fter of the roils, the matters in chancery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inrolments, clerks ron5 liberty. « of the affidavit and fubpxna offices, and all other the officers of the court of chancery, that execute their offices within the liberty ' of the rolls, shall there be aflefled for their refpedtive offices, fa-laries, and other profits, and not elfewhere; and that all annui-**•? ^£Ends»/?nfJ Pfofion8' **!&% to any officers in refpetft their offices, shall be taxed and ailefled where such officers are rated and aflefled for their offices, and not elfcwhere; and that pe all other petitions, Aipends, and annuities, in England, Wales, where paya-and BerwickupmYwtedn not charged upon lands, shall be charged ble. and aflefled in the pariftrts or places where they are payable; and every person who is or shall be rated in England, Wales, or Ber- Perfonal e-wick upon Tweed, for or in refped of any personal estate to him re(U or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where &c. " he or (he shall be refident at the time of the execution of this adit; and all persons not being houfholders, nor having a cer- Perfomnot tain 'place of refidence, shall be taxed at the place where they houfholders shall be refident at the time of the execution of this a6k; and if XbfentCper-nt# any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Ber- fon8 to be rat-wiek upon Tweed, by virtue of this a6k, for or in refped of his ed where they personal eftate, (hall, at the time of his afleflmeot, be out of l*ft rc6-the realm, such person shall be rated therefore in such county,denta city, or place, where he was laft abiding within this realm.

L. Provided, That where any person shall have any goods* Good8£C t0 wares, or merchandizes, in any county or counties, other than be aflefled the county where he shall be refident, or had his laft refidence, where they it shall be lawful at any time before the twenty fourth day ofbc-Auguft one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to rate and aflefs such person for such goods, wares, and merchandizes, in any county or counties where the fame shall be; and every person who shall be rated and afiefled for or in refped of any manors, meffuages, lands, or tenements, or other the premifies, according to the former claufes of this ad, shall be rated and afiefled in the places where such manors, mefiuages, lands, and tenements, and other the premifles refpedively do lie, and not dfewhere.

LL Provided always. That if any person or persons, by rea- Perfon* dou-fon ofhis, her, or their having several manfion-houfes, or places bly rated, dif-of refidence, or otherwife, shall be doubly charged for any per- charged on fond eftate, offices, or otherwife, by occafion of this ad; then ccmficatc* upon certificate made by any two or more of the commiffioners

La	for

148

Anno primo Georgii III. c.2.

[1760.

charged treble.

for the county, riding, city, or place, of his, her, or their laft personal refidenee, under their hands and feals, of the fum or fums charged upon him, her, or them (which certificate the said commissioners are hereby required to give without delay, fee or reward) and upon oath made of such certificate before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the said certificates shall be made (which oath the said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) then the person or persons fo doubly charged (hall, for so much as shall be fo certified, be difeharged in every other county, city, or place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

Not to extend ^IL Provided alfo. That this ad shall not extend to the into Scotland, habitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey, or Guemfey, for afleffing Ireland, Jer- any such personal eftate, which they, or any to their ufe, have, fey or Gueriv within thofe places, for or towards the said fum hereby charged upon England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid ; and Perfons avoid- ^ anY P^011 ^at ought to be taxed by virtue of this a6t, in ing the tax, England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in refped of his personal eftate, shall by changing his place of refidence, or by any other frajud or covin, efcape from the taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the commissioners, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the county where such person d welleth or refideth, at any time within one year next after such tax made, every person that shall fo efcape from the taxation and payment, shall be charged (upon proof thereof) at treble the value of so much as he (hould or ought to have been charged at by this a&; the said treble value, upon certificate thereof made into the exchequer by the commissioners, justice or juftices (before whom such proof shall be made) to be levied on the goods, lands, and hereditaments of such perfons.

Hou(holders to LIII. And, for the better discovery of personal eftates intended give an ac- to be charged by this aft, be it further ena&ed by the authority €»\mt of their, aforesaid. That every hou (holder in England, Wales, or Berwick lodgers, upon <fwee^ fhal), upon demand of the aflefiorsof therefpe&ive parilhes or places, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall fojourn or lodge in their refpe&ive houfes, under the penalty of forfeiting to his Majesty the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other penalty in this a& mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

Share* in the LIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That New River, all and every person and persons having any (hare or (hares, or &c. to p:y 4*. intereft, in any fre(h ftream or running water brought to the per pound, north parts of London, commonly called the New River, or in the Thames water-works, or in Mary-bone, or in Hampjlead water-works, or in any rents of profits arifing thereby; and all and every person or persons having any (hare or interest in any office or flock for infuring of houses in cafe of fire, or in any lights, or in the flock or flocks for printing of books in or belonging to the house commonly called The King's printing poufe, shall pay

for

on forfeiture

ot 5I.

Share* in the Fire Office*, and in the Lights, and



1760.]^ Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	149

for the lame the sum of four (hillings for every twenty (hillings the King's of. the full yearly value thereof, towards the laid fum hereby ^^c,nf0 charged upon England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy and they,	°

and all companies of merchants in London, and the bank of Eng- Merchants, land, and all falaries and penfions (taxable in London) arifing and Bank of Eng-payable at the general poft-office and exdfe-office, charged by this ,a"4> P?ft* ad,(hall beaffeffed by the cornmiflionersnominated and appointed 0 c * Ca for the said city, or any two or more of them, for their refpedive (hares and interefts aforesaid, and the aforesaid joint (lock or flocks, and for such falaries and penfions; and the fame shall be paid by the governors or the refpedive treafurers or receivers to be paid by of the said river waters and water works, and of the said offices thc governors, and flocks refpedively, to such person or persons as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint to collect the fame, and be deducted at and out of their next dividend ; and every person having any falary in refped of any office dr employment exercifed in the ward of London where the said pod office is fituated, shall be aflefled and pay for the fame in the fame ward the said rate of four (hillings in the pound towards the iaid fum by this ad charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That when and fo often as any of thc faid go- Governors, vemors, treafurers, or receivers of the said river waters, water of thc works, offices, or flocks refpedively, (hall, upon demand to ^dw^lr-S* any of them refpedively made by the proper colledor or col- works, refuf-ledors, refufe or negled to pay tne refpedive fum or fums of ing to pay, money whereat all and every the said person and persons having Jhe collectors any (hare or (hares, or intereft, in any of thc faid river waters, ^v^hc7ttm° water works, offices, or flocks refpedively, shall be refpedively by diftrefs and rated and aflefled, then, and in all and every such cafe and cafes, fale. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said colledor or collectors, or any of them, and he, they, and every of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the fum fo aflefled, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels jointly belonging to, or held truft for, thc persons who shall have such lhares or interefts in refped whereof such afleffinent shall be demanded, and refufed as afofefaid, rendering the overplus, if any shall be (the charges of such diftrefs and fale being first deduded) to the governor, treafurer, or receiver of the said river waters, watef works, offices, or flocks refpedively.	,

LVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That every papift, or reputed papift, in England, Wales, or Ber- papilU v* wick upon Tweedy being at the age of eighteen years and up- years of a~c wards, who shall not have taken the oaths mentioned and re- not.tiJc1^ ^ quired to be taken by an ad made in England., in the first year	'

of the reign of King William and Qyeen Alary, intituled. An double; aft for abrogating the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, shall yield and pay to his Majesty double the fums and rates, which, by force and virtue of any clause in this ad before mentioned and contained, he or they (hould or ought

L 3	to



150

Unlefs taken within todays after the com-miffioners first meeting.

Perfons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double.

CommWHooers to fummonv fufpe&ed persons, See.

Quakers to

fubferibe the declaration a W. Sc M.

Anno primo GeoRGH III. c. 2.	[tj6o.

to pay and be charged with, to be affefled, levied, colle&ed, an-fwered, and paid, in such manner, by such ways and mearfe, and according to such rules and diredtions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are before in this aft expreffed or appointed, for and concerning the above mentioned rates and fums.

LVII. Provided neverthelefs, That if any such papift, or reputed papift, within ten days after the first meeting of the said commiflioners, in the refpeftive counties or places where he or (he ought to be taxed or affefled, according to the intent of this present aft, shall take the said oaths before any two or more of the said commiflioners (which oaths the said tWoor more of the said commiflioners are hereby impowered to adminifter) in that cafe he or they shall not be liable to be doubly afleffed as afore-faid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every perfon, being of the age or eighteen years, and upwards, and being in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tweedy at the time of the execution of this adt, who shall not before that time have taken the oaths mentioned and required to be takeh by the said laft mentioned adt, and upon fummons by warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more of the laid commiflioners, shall i*efufe to take the said oaths at the time appointed in the said warrant, or shall negledt to appear at such time before the said commiflioners, in order to take the said oaths (which the said commiflioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty double the fums and rates, which, by force and virtue of any clause of this adt before mentioned and contained, he or (he (hould or ought to pay or be charged with, in manner as is before in this present adt appointed, touching papifts, or reputed papifts.

LIX. And be it further enafted, That any two or more of the said commiflioners appointed by this adt in the refpeftive counties, cities, towns, and other places in England, JVatesy or Berwick uponTweed, upon information, or upon any caufeof fufpicion in that behalf, shall and are hereby required and impowered to caufe every such person fufpefted (or againft whom such information shall be given) to be fummoned to appear to take the said oaths, as aforesaid.

LX. Provided neverthelefs. That whereas certain persons, diffenters from the church of England^ commonly called ghtakers9 and now known to bp fuch, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, do fcruple the taking of any oaths, it shall be fufficient for any such persons to make and fubferibe the like declaration of fidelity to his Majesty, as was contained in an adt made in the parliament held in the first year of the reign of their latema-jefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for exempting their Majejlics pr defiant fubjefls, diffenters from the church ef England, from the penalties of certain laws: which declaration any two or more of the commiflioners appointed for the executing



1760.]	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 2. '	s$	t

ting of this a A arc hereby required and bn powered to admini-fter; and every such perfon, fo doing, shall not be liable to, or charged with, any of the double rates aforesaid.

LXL And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid,

That in all cafes Where any afleflbror afleflbrs, who by this Commiflionera adt are required to make double afleflments upon papifts, or ^au reputed papifts, or other persons, for not taking the oaths a- where aflef-forefiud, shall ncgledt to do his or their duty therein; the re- fort omit, fpe&rve com midi oners of the county, riding, hundred, divifion, pr place, where such double afieffinents ought to have been made, or any two or more of them, shall take care, and are hereby authorized and required to caufe such papifts, or other persons, to be doubly charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That where the Tenants dik owners of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, are liable double rates? to be doubly charged as papifts, or reputed papifts, by reafon of their not having taken the oaths according to the true intent of this ad; in every such cafe such owners only shall be charged x with, and pay the said double rates; and the refpe&ive tenants of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are hereby dif-charged of and from the fame; any covenant for payment of taxes, or other agreement to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIH. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the prifon of the King's Bench, prifon Kina's bench, boufe, lands, gardens, and common fide, and all the rents, marfiialfea offices, profits, and perquifites of the marfhal, and all other Prifo"»&c#.t0 officers, of the King95 Bench prifon; and also the prifon houfe, ^jnt Georlre'f lands, and gardens of the prifon of the marfhal, and of the mar- parifh, &c. Jbalfea prifon, and all offices, perquifites, and profits of the * marjhalfea court and prifon, lying and being in the parish of Saint George the Martyr in the borough of Southwark, in the •county of Surry, and the judges of the said court, and all counsellors and attomies pradtifing, or having a right to prafUfe in the said	court, and all profits and fees accruing to them,

or any of them refpedfcively, shall be charged and aflefied to the afleffinent in the parish of Saint George aforesaid, and not elfe-wherp, at and after the rate of four (hillings in the pound; any thing to the contraiy in any wife notwithftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefai<J,

That where any officer or officers belonging to the (aid prifons, Ofkccn of tbt

(hall negleft or refufe to pay the fum or Turns of money, which marfbalOra

(hall be rated and affeffed upon them, or any of them, by virtue

of thisadt, any two or more of the commissioners appointed by

this adt, for the said county of Surry% shall and may certify, by

writing, under their hands and feals, such negledt or refufaf,

and the fum payable by virtue of this adt, to the commiffioners

for executing this adt, in the county or place where such officer

or officers refide; and any two or more of such commissioners Colledtors by

are hereby authorized and required, upon receipt of such certifi- 'varram from

pate, by warrant under their hands and feals, to authorize and commi<Tbne«-i

■ *	T	J	.	may ailrrain.

ki 4	im-



*52	Anno	primo Georgh III. c.2.	[1760.

impower the refpe&ive collectors of the parifti or place where such officer or officers refute, to didrain the goods and chattels of such officer or officers; and the didrefs or diftrefles fo made, to detain and keep for the fpace of four days; and if such officer or officers do not pay the said fum or fums of money, for which such didrefs shall be made as aforesaid, within the fpace of four days, that then the ftidgood sand chattels fodiftrained as aforesaid, shall and may beappraifed and fold by two such honed and fuf-ficient persons, as the said commissioners, who shall fign the said warrant, shall nominate and appoint ; and the monies arifing thereby shall be paid to the colte&ors of the said paridi of Saint George, for. and towards fatisfaCtion of the said fum or fums of money; and the furplus (if any be) shall be returned to the owner of the said goods, after the charge of the said didrefs and IF no goods k*e be dedu&ed: but in cafe no goods or chattels of any fufficient, of- such officer or officers can be found, fufficient to make good the Acer to be im- fum or fums of money fo a(Te(Ted, or to be aflefled upon him or prifoned. them as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said commissioners, by warrant under their hands and feals to the refpeCtive collectors, or such person or persons as they shall think (it, to caufe the person or persons of such refpeCtive officer or officers of the said prifons, neglecting or refufing to pay as aforesaid, to be apprehended and taken, wherever he or they can or may be found, and to be committed to the common gaol, where he or they shall happen to be taken, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment shall be made as aforesaid of the fum or fums of money fo charged or aflefled upon them as aforesaid, with the charges of such profe-cution as aforesaid, to be allowed by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Fleet prifon to LXV\ Provided alfo. That the prifon of the Fleet, prifon-be aflefled in houfe, lands, gardens, and the common (ide, and all the rents, St. Bride's. profits, and perquifites of the office of warden of the Fleet, lying and being in the parish of Saint Bridget, alias Bride's London, shall be charged and aflefled to the afleflment in the feid pari(h of Saint Bridget, alias Bride's London, and not elfewhere; any thing in' this aCt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Officers at LXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid. Stoke Damrel, That the officers of his Majesty's dock yard now at Stoke Dam-near Ply rel, near Plymouth, shall be aflefled upon this aCt, for the falaries mouth, to be and other profits, within the town and parifli of Plymouth, where the towiTof1111 kWcs of the old dock yard at Plymouth, in the year one Plymouth, &c. thousand fix hundred and ninety three, were aflefled, and nqt elfewhere; fo as the full proportion which was aflefled upon the feid town and parifliof Plymouth, in the said year one thouf&nd fix hundred and ninety three be again aflefled thereon by virtue of this aCt, and fo as the said parish of Stoke Damrel be not charged with a greater proportion, in refpect of the said falaries and profits, than they were in the said year one thpufand fix hundred



*53

and ninety three; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Water-w^kt authority aforesaid. That all the water-works in the borough of “	*

Southwark shall be rated and aflefled in the said borough of Surry. Southwark^ and not elfewhere, by the commiflioners and af-feflors of the county of Surry, and not by the commiflioners and afleflors of the city of London, and that the said water-works Ije aflefled according to the clear yearly profits thereof ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the Water-works waterworks in the city and liberty of Wejlminfter9 shall be inWeftminfter rated and aflefled by the commiflioners and afleflors of the city aflefled and liberty of Wejlminjler, and not by the commiflioners and a(- r ‘ feflors of the city of London \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIX. Provided always. That all offices and places, which offices, &c. in were rated and aflefled within the palaces of Whitehall and Saint Whitehall and James, in and for the years one thouftnd seven hundred and St. James's, to three, and one thousand seven hundred and four, or either of )^fcj}crc them (except such as are exempted by this ad) shall be rated and le c aflefled within the said palaces, ana in no other place whatfo-

ever.

LXX. And be it enaded and declared by the authority afore- CoUeftors of laid. That the refpedive persons who have received or collected, or shall receive or colled, the yearly profits of the water works cheftercharge-within the town of Colcbejler, in the county of EJfexy for the able, time being, shall be, ana are hereby charged and chargeable with the payment of the tax that shall be aflefled on the said profits refpedively by this ad, to be levied in such manner as other aids and afleflments in and by this ad are direded; and the re-foedive persons fo charged as aforesaid, and paying the (ame,

(hall be allowed the fame on the refpedive accounts by their refpedive employers or proprietors for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

(rXXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. Collectors for That such pcrfon or persons as colled and receive the yearly the water-profits of the water-works within the borough of New Windfor windfor NcW in the county of Berks, shall be, and are hereby charged and chw?gcable. changeable with the payment of the tax that shall be aflefled on the (aid profits, to be levied in such manner as other aids and af-fcflments in and by this ad are direded and appointed.

LXXII. And it is hereby declared, That in all places where Patent officers any the patent officers of the several bifhops, or any of them, to biffiopricks in England and Wales, were aflefled, and did pay for their refpec-	pay where

tive offices qr employments of profit relating to the said bifhop- m ricks, unto or for the (aid aid of four (hillings in the pound, in 9 ' the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety three, the fame refoedive offices and employments of profit under the present bimops, or relating to the said bifliopcicks, or any of them, and the patent officefs therein, shall be jweffed and chargeable in the

fame



*54

Anno primo Geo*gii HI. c.z. [1760.

fame parifties and places refpeftively, and none other, towardo the fum to be raised by this aft, to his Majesty's ufe.

Commiffton- LXXIII. Provided always, and it it hereby ena&ed, That ert appointed the proportion, which at the first general meeting of the com-fub^iSneUt m^loncrs f°r the county of Middlesex, shall purfuant to this the parifti of he laid upon that part of the pariln of Saint Andrew Holborn,• St. Andrew which is in the said county, shall be equally railed therein, with-Hdhyro* hi out being fubdivided into two proportions, or making any di-Middlefex. ftinftion between that part above the bars, and that part below the bars: and that in the fubdivifion of commiflioners to aft for the several hundreds and divilions in the said county, a number of commiflioncrs shall be appointed to aft accordingly for all that part of the said parifti of Saint Andrew, which fieth in the said county.

The parifli of LXXIV. Provided always* and it is hereby enafted, That St.GeorgeHa- the parifti of Saint George Hanover Square, within the city and liberty of Wefiminfer, fall, in the execution of this aft, be with	chargeable	with a diftinft fum or Shota, feparate from that of

Quota from the parifti of Saint Martin in the Fields: and if any controverfy the panih of shall arife among the commiflioners concerning the said S^ota, the ^Fields*1 ”* ^ t*lc apportioning thereof out of the joint jfW* of the firm two Debates arif- Pariftw 5 the commiflioncrs who are inhabitants of, or have any ing concern- concern or interest in, either of the said two parifhes, shall have iiig the joint no voice, but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of foch ^°U'ffion controverfy, until it be determined by the reft of the commif-whoaremb” fi°nefs5 and in default thereof, the commiflioners then prefent, bitants of who do not inhabit, nor have any interest or concern in either cither parifti of the said two parilhes, shall have power, and are hereby re-t°	quired,	to	impofe such fine or fines as by them shall be thought

afum not ex- uPon cvery commiflioner fo retufing to withdraw, not ceeding aol. exceeding twenty pounds; and to caufe the fame to be levied and paid as other fines to be impofed by virtue of this aft are to be levied and paid.

The parifhes LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by theau-of St. John* thority aforesaid. That the parifhes of Saint John, Saint Peter, Ber^ngton/ aiM* Berchington, in the ifle of Thane t, within the liberty of to be charged Dover, shall be deemed and taken to be a diftinft divifion within in Dover liber- the said liberty; and in execution of this aft, shall be charged t+»CC°Sfcirg towards making up the whole fum charged on the town of Dover, mentlw.&M.	**^erty thereof, according to the proportion which was

* affefled on the said parifhes, by virtue of an act of parliament paired in the fourth year of the reign of their late majefties King WiU liammd Queen Mary, intituled. An act for granting to thetr Ma-jejties an aid of four /hillings in the pound, for tarrying on a vigorous war againfi Prance, and not otherwife. And all commiflioners, colleftors, head-colleftors, and receivers, are hereby required and enjoined to apply rhemfelvej with all diligence to the rooft fpeedy and effectual execution of theirfeveral and refpeftive duties, and to ufe their utmoft endeavours, that all eftates, and other things herein charged, may fully and duly pay the rates and rteilme nts, according to the directions of this a<$, and So as

his





1760.3	Anno primo Georgii III. c.i.	155

his Majesty's fcrvicc herein may not be delayed or hindered through any of their wilful n eg left or default.	,

LxXVI. Provided, That no poor person shall be charged Land* not with or liable to the pound-rate impofed by this aft upon lands, worth 20#* tenements, or hereditaments, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon j* J *h ar Tweed* whofe lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are not of the able. full yearly value of twenty (hillings in the whole.

LXXvII. And be it further enafted, That if any colleftor Colleftori of any oari(h or place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon ni^i^t^Lr Tweed, shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him hands, to for-collefted for any longer time than is by this aft direfted (other feit 401. than the allowance made unto him by this aft) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons, other than the receiver-general of such county or place, or to his refpeftive deputy; e-very such colleftor shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty pounds. And in cafe any receiver-general of any part Rccei?er of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, shall nera| mifapL~ pay any part of the monies paid to him or them by any colleft- plying the or, by virtue of this aft, to any person or persons whatfoever, monie* to far-other than into the receipt v>f his Majeft/s exchequer, and atfeit 500i* or within the refpeftive times limited by this aft; or in cafe any such receiver-general of any part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, shall pay any part of the said monies by any warrant of the high treasurer, commiffion-ers of the treasury, or under-treafurer for the time being, or upon any tally of Pro, or tally of anticipation, or other way or device whatfoever, whereby to divert or hinder the aftual payment thereof into the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid ; then every such receiver-general (hall, for every such offence of him-felf, or his deputy, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to him or them that shall fue for the fame, in any court of record, by bill, plaint, or information; wherein no effoin, proteftion, or wager of law is to be allowed.

LXX VIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That the high Commiffion-treafurer, or commissioners ot the treasury, or under treasurer ®rs ®fth® for the time being, or any of them, do not direft any warrant no^to^ivert to any of the colleftors or receivers-general in England, Wales, the payment* or Berwick upon Tweed, or their deputies, for the payment of any into the ex-parf of the monies hereby given to any person or persons, chequer* other than into the receipt of the exchequer, as aforesaid * nor shall they, or any of them, direft any warrant to the officers of the exchequer for (triking any tally ot Pro, or tally of anticipation, nor do any matter or thing whereby to divert the aftual # payment of the said monies into the receipt of the exchequer; nor shall the officers of the exchequer ftrike, or direft, or record the (hiking of any tally of Pro, or tally of anticipation, upon any of the said monies, upon any account or warrant whatfoever ; nor shall any teller throw down any bill, whereby to charge himfelf with any of the said monies, until he shall have aftually received the fame.

LXXIX. Provided also, and be it enafted, That no ftay of

pro-



156

No Noli profc-qui,&c.in any iuit againft this aa.

Commiffion-ers to abate where lands are overcharged,

and to re-af. fefs, Sec,

or raise it on

perfpns undercharged.

Receiver-ge. neral anfwer-able for depu ties.

Subcolleftor not to travel above ten miles, See.

Receivers not nominating deputies, See. to forfeit xool.

Anno primo Georgii III. c.2.	[t?6o.

profecution, upon any command, warrant, motion, order, or diredlion, by Non vult ulterius profequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received, or allowed by any court whatfoever, in any fuit or proceeding, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or otherwife, for the recovery of all or any the pains, penalties, or forfeitures upon any person by this adt inflidlcd, or therein mentioned, or tor or in order to the convidlion or difabiltty of any person offending againft this adt, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

LXXX. Provided always, That if any person or persons, who shall be charged or aflefled by this adt to or with a pound-rate upon his, her, or their manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other the premifles, fhall, upon complaint made to the com-miflioners, in such manner, and at such times, as are herein directed in cafes of appeals, make it appear to the said commif-fioners, or any three or more of them then prefent, for hearing and determining such appeals, by proof upon oath, that fuchaU feflment doth exceed the equal pound-rate that ought to be charged on him, her, or them; in such cafe, upon every such proof, and due examination thereof, the said commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, as aforesaid, are hereby im-powered to abate and leflen the said afleflfments, so much as the fame shall exceed the equal pound-rate that ought to be charged on him, her, or them, and shall caufe the money fo abated to be re-afiefifed, furcharged, and levied, in such manner as they, or the major part of them, in their judgements and difcretions, shall think moft equal, juft, and reafonable, within the whole hundred, lathe, wapentake, or other divifion, where such overcharge or overcharges do happen, although the pound-rate of four (hillings in the pound be thereby exceeded ; or if any particular part or parts of the same, or any person therein, shall appear to them to be undercharged, then the money fo abated shall and may be raised upon such particular part or persons fo undercharged; fo that the whole fum payable to his Majesty for such hundred, lathe, wapentake, or other divifion, shall be fully and duly an-fwered and paid, without being diminUhed by reafon of such particular abatement; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the receiver-general of each county or diftridt in England, Wales, ox Berwick upon Tweedy lhall nominate, conftitute, and appoint fit and proper persons (for whom he shall be anfwerable) to be his deputy or deputies, to receive from the said fub-colledft-ors all and every the rates, duties, and aflefiinents by them re-fpe&ively collected and received ; and the fame receivcrs-gene-ral are hereby required to nominate and appoint fo many of such deputies in their refpe&ive counties, that no fub-colle<5tor may be obliged to travel above the (pace of ten miles from his ufual place of abode, for the payment of the said monies that shall be by him colle&ed or received ; and if any such receiver-general shall re-fufe or negleft to nominate and appoint such deputies, in manner



*57

ncr as aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect to attend, by himfelf or deputy, at the time and place by him appointed for his re-foedive receipts, such receiver-general (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum' of one hundred pounds, the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjler \ in which action orfuit, no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

LXXX1I. Provided neverthelefs. That in cafe there shall not Commiflion-be a fufficient number of commiflioners for any city, borough, m for the cinque-port, town or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick uponcounty at Tweed (for which by tliis ad commiflioners are particularly l?rSc maX appointed) capable ot ading according to the qualifications re- £* an^ City* quired by this ad, to put this adJn execution ; that in every such cafe, any of the said commiflioners, appointed for the county at large, within which such city, borough, town, cinque-port, or place doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ad as commiflioners in the execution of this ad, within such city, borough* town, cinque-port, or place.

LXXXIII. And whereas feme doubts may arife, whether mayors, bailiffs y or other chief magijlrates of cities, boroughs, towns-corporate, or cinque-ports, for which commijfioners are fpecially appointed by virtue of this afty can act as commijf oners for executing this aft in the said cities, boroughs, towns-corporate, and cinque-ports; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That all maybrs. Mayors, bai. bailiffs, and other chief magifirates, who are appointed commif- Hffs. &c. to fioners for executing this ad, shall be, and have power to ad as commiflioners for executing this ad, within and for any city, dally appoint-borough, town-corporate, or cinque-port, wherein they inhabit ed. at the time of executing this ad, as well where commiflioners areefpecially appointed by this ad, as where they are not.

LaXXIV. And whereas several members of parliament, by rea- Member* of fon of their attendance in parliament, have, by the affeffors of Lon- parhament to don, Weftminfter,W Middlesex, and the fuburbs oj the fame, been [heir manfion-taxed for their personal ejlates, and have been put to unreafenable charge houfes, and vexation\ be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That the several members of parliament, who, at the execution of this ad, during this session of parliament, shall abide within the said cities of London and Wejlminjler, and the fuburbs of the same, or within the county of Middlesex, (hall, for or in refped of their ready money, or debts, or any other tax which may be laid on their persons, or personal eftate, during this session of parliament, be aflefled only in the place where such members have their manfion-houfes, or other places where they mod u-fually refide during the interval of parliament; and in cafe any afieflbr or commilftoner shall affefs, or caufe to be aflefled, any member of parliament, contrary to the provifion hereby made, ho or they shall forfeit to the party grieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, or upon the cafe,

toge-

C-jOO^Ic

north riding at Thurik;

caft riding at Beverly.

No commif-

Anno primo GeoRGII III. c.2.	[1760.

together with full cofts of fuit; any thing herein contained tor the contrary notwithftanding.

First meeting LXXXV. Provided also, and be it enaded by the autho-* rity aforesaid, That the first general meeting of the commif-at Pontefr**oncrs f°r we^ r*ding of the county of York (hail be held ' at the town of Pontefra8; and the first general meeting of the commiflioners for the north riding of the county of York, shall be held at the town of Tburjk; and the first general meeting of the commiflioners for the east rkling of the county of York, shall be held at the town of Beverley; any thing in this ad before-mentioned, or any former cuftom, to the contrary notwith-Handing.

LXxXVI. Provided alio, and be it enaded by the authority firmer capable aforesaid, That no perlon shall be capable of a&ing as a coot-to ad in any miffioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers hrge^unlefs therein contained, in or for any county at large, within Eng^ rated' at iool. Wi, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Merioneth, Car-per ann. (Me- digan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Mon* rioneth. Car- mouth, excepted) or in or for any of the ridings in the county of ceptcd.) €X 5 un*c^s fach person be feizcd and pofieued of lands, tene-'	*	ments,	or	hereditaments,	being	freehold,	copyhold,	or leafe-

hold, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other refervations, payable out of or in reaped of such leasehold cftates, which were taxed, or did pay in the fame county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own eftate, by virtue of an ad made and pafled in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one tboufmi seven hundred and sixty .

Commiflion- LXXXVIL Provided nevertbelefs. That any person herein Ang!q." name<l a commifiioncr in and for the county of Anglefea or Or. if taxed at 6o\ narvon> *hall he capable of ading as commifiioner in theexe-per ann. cution of this ad, in or for the fame counties, or either of them, being himfelf, or his tenants, or truftees, taxed for the value of sixty pounds per annum, or more, of his own eftate, by virtue of the said ad of the thirty third year of his late Majesty's reign.

Commiflioners LXXXVIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is also hereby cn-may aft for a&ed, That no person who is hereby appointed to be a com-any city, being miffioner for executing this ad in any part of England, Wales, inhabitants, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be dilabled from ading as a com-* miffioner within or for any city, borough, cinque-port, or town-corporate only, for which he is particularly nominated and appointed a commiffioner, and whereof he shall be an inhabitant, at the time of the execution of this ad; nor from ading as a com* miffioner within any of the inns of court, or inns of chancery | and that no attorney or folicitor, or person pradifing as fuch, who m^ffioners°m ^a^ not ** anc* poffefled of lands, tenements, orheredita* without pof- ments, being freehold, copyhold, or leafchold, over and above fcfling tool, all ground rents, incumbrances, and other refervations, payable per ann.	out

or inns ©f court, &c.

Attomies,&c.





1760.]	Anno	primo	Georoii	III.	c. 2.	159

out of or in refped of such Icafehold eftates, which were taxed	#i>

or did pay in the fame county or riding, city, borough, town-

corporate, cinque-port, or place, for which he shall be named a

commiffioner, or within the county at large within which fuch

city, borough, tawn*corporate, cinque-port, or place, for which

he shall be named a commiffioner, doth (land, or which is next

adjoining thereto, for the value of one hundred pounds peran-

nmny of more, of his own eftate, by virtue of an ad made and

puffed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majefty

King George the Second, intituled. An act for granting an aid to bts

Majtfly by a land tan, to bo raised in Great Britain, for the ftrvice

of the year one thousand ftven hundred andfixty > or any receiver-

general, or any colledor of any aid granted to his Majesty,

thaJl be capable of ading as a commiffioner in the execution of

this, prefen t ad in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed \ any

thing herein contained to the contrary netwithftanding.

LXXX1X. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority No commif-afbrefeid, That no person shall be capable of ading as a com- doner of the miffioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers here- of in contained, within the city of London, and liberty of Saint ™ Martin it Grundy unlefs such person be feifed and pofleffed of tL Je Grand/ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being freehold, copybokl, to ad, unlefe or ieafehold, oVcr and above all ground rents, incumbrances, rated at*o). and other reservations, payable out of, or in refped of such leafe- 5Sn*3ha^ *** hold eftates, which were taxed, or did pay, in the said city or	9

liberty for the value of twenty pounds per annum, or more, of his own eftate, or unlefs such person was taxed, or did pay, in the said city or liberty for the value of one hundred and fifty pounds personal eftate, or more, by virtue of an ad made and

Bfied in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty ing George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to Ms Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferviee of the year one thousand [even hundred and fixty.

XC. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore- No commif-faid. That no person shall be capable of ading as a comm if- fioncr of the fioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers herein weftminftcr contained, within thecityand liberty of Wefiminfter* unlefs such toaa, unlefs person be feized and pofleffed of lands, tenentents, or heredita- rated at »ol. ments, being freehold, copyhold, or Ieafehold, over and above p?r ann. of all ground rents, incumbrances, and other refervations, payable "is ow*t|late, out of, or in refped of filch Ieafehold eftates, which were taxed, or did pay in the said city or liberty for the value of twenty pounds per annum* or more, of his own eftate, by virtue of an ad made and paffed tn the thirty second year of the reign of his late mtajefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for granting an aid to its Majesty by a land tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferviee of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

XCl. And it is hereby further enaded, That if any person P^rfons difa-mtended by this ad to be difabled for any the caufes aforefaid,	prefum-

(hall neverthelefs prefume to ad as a commiffioner in the exe-	to

'	cution	5



Colle&ort of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable.

Her royal highnefs the princefs dowager of Wales, not chargeable.

nor his royal highnefi the duke of Cumberland, nor the princefs Amelia.

Superannuated lea-officers not to pay, icc. nor poor knights of Windfor.

Anno primo Georgxi III. c. i. [i j6a.

cution of this aft, or any the powers therein contained, every such perfon, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who will inform or fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record* by aftion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information ; wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCII. And he it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the refpeftive persons who have received or collefted, or shall receive or colleft, the yearly profits of the new water-works within the city and county ot Exon, for the time being, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with, the payment of the tax that (nail be affeffed on the said profits refpeftively by this aft, to be levied in such manner as other aids and affeffments in and by this aft are direfted; and the refpeftive persons fo charged as aforesaid, and paying the fame, shall be allowed the fame on their refpeftive accounts, by their refpeftiveemployers or proprietors for the time being $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be conftrued to charge, her royal highnefs the princefs dowager of Wales with the above-mentioned duty or payment of four shillings, out of every twenty shillings, by the year, for or in refpeft of any fums of money or annuities given or granted by his late Majesty to her faid royal highnefs 5 but that fuchTums of money and annuities, and her royal highnefs, and her treafurers or receivers-general for the time being, in refpeft of the same, shall be free and clear of all taxes, impofitions, and other pub-lick charges whatfoever; any thing in this or any former aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XCIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be conftrued, deemed, or taken to charge bis royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland, or her royal highnefs the princefs Arne-lia9 or the officers or fervants attending their persons, with the above-mentioned duty or payment of four (hillings out of every twenty (hillings by the year, for or in refpeft of any annuities, or yearly payments, granted by his late Majesty, or to be granted by his prefcnt Majesty, to theif faid royal highneffes ; but that such annuities, or yearly payments, and their royal highne(les,and their fervants forthe time being, in refpeft of the same, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions,and other charges whatfoever.

XCV. Provided always. That this aft, or any of the several claufes therein contained, shall not extend to charge the peb-fions of any fuperannuated commiffion or warrant fea-officers, or the penfions of widows of fea-officers, (lain in the service of the crown ; or the revenue of the moft noble order of the garter ; or the penfions of the poor knights of Windfor, payable out

it that the lame shall not extend tet

of the exchequer only 5 but leflen the fum provided by this aft.

XCVI. And



1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c< 2.	161

' XC VI.' And whereas the rents and revenues belonging to the tefi- Refidentiarie*

ientiaries of the cathedral churches in England and Wales arein tw^at cafef

chargeable to the land tax granted by this present aft* and in fome cafes arge~

the overplus of the said rents and revenue j, above such tax, repairj,

and other charges, is to go in Jhares for the maintenance of the said

rejtdenliaries \ which Jhares are diminijhed by the Jaid land tax; it

is provided and enafted, That in such cafes the said refiden-

tiaries shall not, by this aft, or any the cjaufes therein contain*

erf, be further chargeable, as enjoying offices of profit out of the

faid rents and revenues; any thing herein contained to the con*

trary notwithftanding.

XCVII. Provided, That this aft, or any of the several claufes Nor 1001. per therein contained, shall not extend to charge a certain penfion ann. to the of one hundred pounds per annum, granted by the late King i^or clergy °f Charles the Second to the poor clergy of the ifle of Man.	ivitn.	°f

XCVIII. Provided always. That nothing in this aft con- Nor * e| 0£ tained shall extend, or be conftrued to extencj, to lav any charge honour, or duty upon the penfions or (alaries of his Majesty's pages of honour.

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That in Receiver* ge. cafe there hath been, or shall be, any failure of raiftag or pay- nc^1 to Sjy? kig the several fums of money charged upon any county, city, i^es^iTpayST riding, or place, by this or any former afts for granting an aid ment of die to his late majesty King William the Third, or her late majesty taxes.

Queen Anne% or his late majesty King George the First, or his late majesty King George the Second, by a land tax; the receiver-general of nich county, city, riding, divifion, or place re-fpeftively, of such tax or afieffinent, or the receiver-general to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, of the same county, ridding, divifion, city, or place, shall certify, t under his hand, to the barons of the court of exchequer, the particular city, town, parifti, or place, where such failure of payment hath happened, together with the names of the aflefiors and colleftors, and the several other persons belonging to the said city, town, parilh, or place, charged with the said tax ; which faid city, town, pa* ri(h, or place, or any person or persons charged with the said tax, within such city, town, pari(h, or place, shall be liable to procefs for such negleft in railing and paying the fame, according to the directions of the said act.

C. Provided always, That the commissioners appointed for Commiffion-the county of the city of Lincoln, may aft as commissioners in cr*for Lin-the execution of this aft, or any the powers therein contained, *°}n within the Bail and Clofe of Lincoln; any thing in this aft to Lmco n c 0 ** the contrary notwithftanding.

Cl. Provided always. That the commissioners for.the county An(j for th« of Lincoln may aft as commissioners in the execution of this aft, county, in St. •r any the powers therein contained, within the parifti of Saint MartmStam-Mqrtin Stamford Baron, in the county of Northampton, as ufually;ford Baron- : any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

GII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Auditor* to thority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept in his keep a rtgU

VOL. XXIII.	M	Maje-fter,&c.

161	Anno prime Georgii III. c* a* [17^0#

x Majesty's exchequer (that is to fey) in the office o£ the auditor of the receipt, one book of regifter, in which all .the money, that shall be paid into the exchequer for the pound-rates and duties hereby granted, shall be entered and regiftered apart and diftinlt from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty* Deputies to CIII. And whereas divers offices and employments of profit, charge* cfpaU^smdoa able by this a&, are executed by deputy, and the principal officers nonpayment living in places remote from the divifioufparijb, or place, when fucb liable to di- offices or employments are taxable, the rates and ajfejffimnts for fucb ftrefs.	particular	offices and employments cannot bt recovered without great

charge and difficulty; be it therefore enabled by the authority a-forefaid, That where any office or employment of profit charge* able by this alt, is or (Hall be executed by deputy, such deputy shall pay such afleflment as shall be charged thereon* andde* dull the fame out of the profits of such office or employment^ and in cafe of refufal, or nonpayment thereof, such deputy shall be liable to such diftrefs as by this alt is preferibed again (k any perlon having and enjoying any office or employment q£ • profit, and to all other remedies, and penalties therein refpe&ivcly contained; and that there shall be the like remedies ana penalties, for the recovering the monies aflefled upon any such office' or employment of profit to the land tax for the year one thou* fend seven hundred and fix, and for any fiftbfequent year not'

*	yet fetisfied, in all cafes where the accounts of thofe years, or arty of them, are not otherwise cleared in this exchequer.

Receiver ge- CIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefeid, nT**/0 gWC a Tfiat at every time and place appointed by the commiffioners^ ^teeivSPby^ ^ collectors to pay in the monies by virtue of this all to him, at the be paid to the receiver-general, or his deputy, for any county^ time and city, riding, town or place in England, IValis, or Berwick upon place appoint- Tweed, the said receiver-general, or his deputy, under his band,

*	*	(hall deliver a lid or certificate, fairly written, to such person a|

the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, lhali, under their hands, authorize -and appoint to attend then and there for that purpofe, containing the several and refpeltive fums of money, then and there, or before that time, paid by the re* fpeltive colleltors for each town or place in that hundred or di-On refufal, to vifion: and in cafe there shall be any refufal or neglelt in deforfeit any livering such lift or certificate as a forefaid, such receiver-gene* ccJcdio^ aoL ^ or deputy, fo refufing or neglelting, shall forfeit any *1 fum of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, to be impofed by any three or more of the said commissioners, and to beorderodf, levied, and anfwered into the receipt of his Majdfty's exchequer, in such manner as by this alt is ditfc&ed, touching the fines im* pofed on afleflbrs and colleltors, as aforefeid.

Collectors CV. And be it enalted and declared by the authority afore-may keep fo faid. That where any person or persons, who, in purfuance of much money any former alt for granting an aid fo her late majesty Qgeeri mi(Bwert°m Amte, or his late majesty King George the First, or bis late ma* judge reafon- je^y King George the Second, by a fend tax, have feized or di-able.	(trained,	or in purfuance of this alt (half feize or diftrain th$

goods



ArmoprimoGEoRorf 1IL c.<i.	i6j

goods'oi^ chattels of any colledof, his heirs, exec□ tors, orad-ftilWflrators, on nonpayment of any fom at farm of money* tofrfch foch coffedof, his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, or shall be obliged fo pay by virtue of this or any former ad* it shall and may be lawful to and for foch person or per-fons making foch diftrefs, out of the money anting by the fale of foch goods and chattels (foch fum and rams of money, for feftich diftrefs shall or may be made being first thereout fatisfied and paid) to keep in his or their hands, to and* for his and their dwn ufe, so much money* as the commissioners, or any two Of more of them (who ordered, or shall order, fach diftrefsjf shall in their diferetion judge reafonable for making such different, as also for the charges in keeping thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the Owner.

CVI. And whereas fotne receivers of former land taxes have neg* lifted or delayed the paying their accounts in the exchequer in due time, and havty after fivetal years elapfid, fit infuper fome counties, di-i/fflotiSy or places, for monies which were there raifeiy and for the answering whereof due proof might have been made, in cafe Juch re-tetters had accounted fooner, whereby fiveral counties, diviflonsy and flaceSy hatie been put to unreafinable charge and vexation \ it is therefore hereby provided, declared, and enadted, by the authority aforesaid, That no receiver whatfoever of any monies grant- No receiver to td by this ad, to be raised In Englandy WaleSy or the town of"turn in* Berwick upon Tweedy Or any heirs, executors, of adminiftrators, an^coiuTty Of such receiver, (hall* In arty accounts of the monies where- after 3 with such receiver shall be chargeable (unlefs such account be years, for mo-> declared arid palled in the exchequer within three years at the nics m arreari fartheft after the twenty fourth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred ‘and sixty one) be allowed or admitted to fet inju-fiTy or charge any county, divition, Or place, in EnglandyJValeSy or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy for any monies granted^ by this ad, which shall be in arrear, and unpaid; but that #the but the fame fame shall remain a debt upon every such receiver, to be an- to be a debtoa fwered by him and his fecurities, his and their heirs, executors,	hls

or adminiftrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattel re-rccuritlcs-foedively 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CVII. And whereas the ufual and proper method of compelling the payment of fums fit infuper, is by proofs of Diftringas: and whereas divers JberiffSy or their under Jheriffisy or other officers9 who have had the execution of such procefiy favouring tnhabitantSy or coU tedorsy have returned iffues upon the writs to them dirededy fo finall and inconfiderabley that in many inflames such method of proceeding

fhatb been fund infuffident to compel the payment of arrear;, whereby great lofs hath happened to the publtcky and further toffies may here-er happen by the like proceedingsy unlefs fome remedy be provided the prevention thereof \ be it enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That upon every such writ of Diflringas hereafter to be iflued

tjpon any such snfupety the (hefiff or other officer, to whom the J^ngas, to rei

M a	fame	turn

164.	Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	£1760.

iftcr the rate fame shall be directed, shall return iffues after the rate of five 5h	Poun(^s» at ^ea^> ^or cvery hundred pounds of the fum fet infu-

UL? e per; which iffues fo returned shall be forthwith drawn down into * the great roll of the pipe; and procefs, according to the courfe and procefs to °f the exchequer, shall iffue for levying the fame at the first ge-iffue thcreup- neral iffuing of procefs for his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, on, See. out of and under the feal of the (aid exchequer, unlefs the lord treafurer, or commissioners of the treasury, or chancelior of the exchequer, or the barons of the exchequer, or any two of them, (hall, upon juft caufe, think fit to order the drawing down such iffues into the pipe, or the iffuing such procefs, to be refpited till a further day.

Water-works	CVIII. And be it enaSed by the authority aforesaid, That

in Shrewsbury the refpe&ive persons who have received or collelted, or shall chargeable, receive or collelt, the yearly profits of the water-works within the town of Sbrewjbury, shall be, and are hereby, charged and chargeable with the payment of the tax that shall be afieffed on the (aid profits by this alt, to be levied in such manner as other aids and affeffments in and by this alt are directed; and the re-foeltive persons fo charged as aforesaid, and paying the fame, shall be allowed the fame on their accounts, by the proprietors thereof for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CIX. And whereas by and in purfuanee of certain claufes, which are contained in the several afts of parliament for land taxes, which pajfed in the reign of their late majejlies Queen Anne, King George the Firjly and King George the Second, Jeveral parijhts and places have been difeharged by the barons of the exchequer, of certain overplus Jums, wherewith they were refpelively overburdened, by reafou of double taxes formerly charged upon them; and the like overplus fums are not comprehended in the proportions by this aft charged upon the counties, cities, or other places, wherein the said parijbes or places formerly overburdened as aforesaid, were fituate: it is hereby de-Who shall dared and enalted, That the eafe fo given shall accrue only to have the be- the refpeltive pari files or places formerly overburdened as atore-nefit only of faid, and shall not be conftrued or taken to leffen, abate, or dif-overplus (ums charge any of the fums or proportions to beraifed in any other unebarg . cjt^ borough, parifti, town, or place whatfoever.

Claufe for the CX. And whereas the fums that were ajfeffed by virtue of the aft eafe of prote- for fa former	0j four	jbillings in the pound, which was made

whom lands, an^ PaMe^171 fourth year of the reign of their late majejlies King &c. have * William and Queen Mary, do not only govern the proportions fet come, which upon every county, city, riding, town, or other place hereby charged

do^bl^t11 d Wli^ a C€rta'n Jum *n	fet ^own an& txprejfed; but are also to

• y taxed. regU}ate fa proportions thereof in every hundred or divifion re[peftive-ly, towards the said fum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thou• fand nine hundred pounds, eighteen Jhillings, and nine pence: and whereas towards the ajfejfments which were made by virtue of the said act of the fourth year of their faid late majejlies reign y several lands, tenements, rents, or other hereditaments oj pnpijls, and other per~ fens, rcfufng or neglefting to take the oaths therein contained, were 2	.	ojfijfti

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	165

ajfejfed to pay double the rates therein exprejfed; and ftnce the mating taoje dffeJJmentSy several of the said papiJlSy and other perfonsy which were Jo doubly tdxedy have taken the Jaid oaths, or their lands are came to proteJlantSy whereby their ejlates will be charged on this ail only to Juch an equal pound-rate, as is to be borne by their protejiant neighbours; and Jeveral of the said papiJlSy and other persons, formerly doubly taxed as aforefaidy are fence deady or have bona fide fold their ejlatesy and the ejlates which belonged to fiucb persons do now belong to persons now liable to the said double ajfejfments; and by occa-fion of the said former double rates, which were on the said papifts y or persons who have fence taken the said oathsy or whofe ejlates are fence come to protefeantsy as aforefaidy fome parijhcsy townJhipSy or ether places, may be overburdened^ or charged with more than four J.hillings in the pound (reckoning by the rack-renty and utmofe improved value of their ejlates) towards the said feum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred poundsy eighteen fhillingSy and nine pencey if a Juitable remedy be not provided; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid, That where the lands, tene- where lands ments, rents* or hereditaments of a whole parifh, town, or formerly dou-place, which shall have a proportion to taife, in purfuance of bly taxed are this aft, shall be charged with more than four (hillings in theafintic^cff-pound, upon the yearly value (reckoning by the rack-rents, and mcnt $ the higheft improvements made of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments) towards the said fum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, and nine pence, by this aft granted, becaufe the eftates of papifts, and other persons formerly doubly taxed, as afore-faid, by their taking the said oaths, or the eftates being come to proteftants by purchafe bona fedty or the death of such papifts, ^ or any other persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, are or may be liable only to a (ingle affeffment; in all and every such r cafe and cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- ersl^on coin-miflioners of the hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or plaint, toexa-other divifion, in which such parifh, town, or place, doth lie, mine into the or any two or more of them, and in like manner to and for thetruth thereof commiflioners of any^city, borough, port, or town, for which commiflioners are by this aft appointed, or any two or more of them, upon complaint thereof to them made, for or on behalf of the owners or occupiers of the lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments in any such city, borough, port, parifh, town, or place refpeftively, to examine into the matter of such complaint ; and if they are fatisfied of the truth thereof, the said	*	‘

commiflioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby re- a”d t0 ccrtIfr quired and impowered, at any time before the twenty ninth day b^n^of of September one thousand leven hundred and sixty one, and the exchequer, not afterwards, to certify to the barons of his Majesty's court of before 29 Sept. exchequer for the time being, the names of such persons for-,76o> itierly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, and how much tjieir double tax did amount to, and how much the fum charged by virtue of this aft, upon the lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, in fpeh city, borough, port, parifh, town, or place, by occa-*

M3	flow

Anno prime Geoeoii III, u« '	£17^0,

fion of their land? being now liable to 3Angle xfieflmeat* aforesaid, doth exceed rour (hillings in the pound of the fufl and true yearly value thereof: and the (aid barons of the excht-> fuer, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to enquire and inform themfeives, by the oaths of two credible wjtneues at lead, concerning the truth of the laid ear* tificates; and in all cafes where they shall be Satisfied therein, who are to the said barons, or any two or more of them, have hereby difeharge the power by their discretions, at any time before the left day «F fore ?he* hu£	one thousand (even hundred and sixty one, to djf*

day of Nov. charge, or caufe to be difeharged, the overplus, or lb much 1761.	*	of the fum by this aft charged or chargeable upon iucb city*

borough, town, parilh, or place, towards the Said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty ninethoufand nine hundred pounds* eighteen shillings, and nine pence, as (hall, by the eccafions aforesaid, exceed the rate of four (hillings in the pound j and the said overplus shall or may be difeharged upon the duplicates to be returned for such city, borough, town, port, parilh, of place refpeftively, and shall be allowed upon the account of the refpeftive teceivers-gcneral; and the inhabitants-of every such city, borough, port, parilh, town, or place, shall be acquitted againft his Majesty, his heirs, and fueceflbrs, for and touching the payment of such overplus monies fo difeharged, or ordered to be difeharged, by the barons of the exchequer, or any two or more of them, as aforesaid j any thing herem contained to the contraiy notwitbftanding; and that such parilh, town, port, or place, fo difeharged by the barons, and no others, shall nave the benefit of the Anns fo difeharged by this aft; and no other offi* cer, or deputy or clerk whatsoever, fhsll take any fee, reward. Certificates of or 8ratu‘ty> ^ or uP°n account of such difebarge: which (aid the fums dif- refpeftive certificate or certificates, or a true copy or copies charged to be thereof, whereby the said parish or parities, place or places, have produced to been difeharged by the said barons of the exchequer of such over-th« comntfu pjus fumSj gjjij ^ produced by the persons claiming the bene-nMtnwetiog. thereof, to the commissioners of the land tax at their next • * general meeting, to afeertain the proportion on each divifion, after such certificate or certificates have been obtained. Commifiion. CXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ers may fum- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners -"-'lee- wh0 (ball have power to. execute this present aft, within any con vertediaVC hundred, divifion, parifh, or place refpeftively (other than such commissioners as have been collectors of any land tax there) or the major part of them, who shall be present at any publkk meeting or meetings for this pprpofe, at their ufual place of meeting for such hundred, divifion, parifh, or place refpeftive-Jy, to iflue their precept or precepts to all and every such collector or collectors, who are or shall be fufpefted by fiichcom-miffioners, or the major part of them then prefent, to have received or levied any Aim or fums of money within any parifti or townfhip, by or under colour or pretext of any aft or afts of parliament, which at any time or times within feyen years next

land tax monies to their own ufc.

Anoo primo Gkorgii III. c.z.	167

before (ho beginning of this session of parliament have been made or pafled for granting to his late Majesty a land tax or JjjndL taw# jointly with any other tax or taxes in such aft or comprehended, and to have converted the fame fraudulently tp his and their own ufe and uies; and if such colleftor or their hek^ or coUeftor* be dead, then to iflue fucb precept to tbeir heirs, &c. pxecutors, or adminiftrators refpeftively, thereby requiring all Md every .fitch oolkftor or colleftors, their heirs, executors, or idmipifirators, to appear before , the said commiflioners, at the time and place in such precept or precepts to be prefixed: and ppon tbeir, or any of their appearances, or making default (after fummona delivered to them, or left at the ufual places of their abode refpeftively) the said commiflioners, in their reibeftive ffivifions or diftrjfts, or the major part of them, which shall be pscfcot at any meeting or meetings in this behalf, as aforesaid, foil and have hereby power to enquire by examination of wit-pefles upon oath, or any other lawful ways or means, by which (be truth may be bell known, and to determine what fura or fyms of money the said colleftors, or any of them, did receive fa levy, or fraudulently convert to their own ufe or uies as afore-laid ; and thereupon to iflue their warrants and orders, requir- and on exami-ing all and every fucb colleftor or colleftors, their heirs, execu- nation may if. tors, and adminiftrators, refpeftively, in whofe hands the said fue |he,'r war" pommifitoners, or the major part of them, shall find any such [*" fut£r dponey to be remaining, or who lhall be chargeable therewith nils to his refpeftively, to pay the fame to his Majesty's ufe, in manner Majefty's ufe. fpllowiog (that is to lay ) in cafe there be any deficiency remaining upon any such parish or townlhip, of the quota or proportion charged thereupon to the tax impofed by the aft or afts,

.whereby or by colour whereof the money found, as aforefaid,

.was collefted or levied; then every such deficiency shall be fa-tisfied, in the first place, out of the monies fo to be recovered.

Of- the lame monies, lb far as they will extend, lhall be applied ibr or towards the making good of every such deficiency respectively ", and in all cafes where there is no deficiency upon any iiich parish or townlhip, or there shall be an overplus more than fufficient to dilcharge any such deficiency, the said commiflion-«s, or the major part of them, shall by their faid order require ,the (aid money lo found, or the overplus thereof, to be paid by the said refpefttve colleftors, their heirs, executors, or admini-	,

Jlrajtors, to the receiver-general, towards difeharging so much jof the proportions to be charged on fucb parilh, or town (hip, by -Virtue of this prefcnt aft.

CXII. And it is hereby declared and enafted, That such pay- The payments events fo to be made in purfuance of the said orders or warrants !"*de accord-of the (aid commiflioners, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, coram;flloners foil be good and fufficient difeharges, to the said colleftors, warrants, See. .their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators refpeftively, againft lhall be dit-hi# Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and all other persons cll;'rges 10 th# .wbstfoever.	colors, or

;£XUI. ,Ahd d is hereby.declared and enafted by the autho- en Clri> . '

M 4	rity

163	Anno prlmo Georgii III. c. 2.	[ijrtJb.

Collectors notrity aforesaid, That if any such collector as aforesaid, shall neg-paying, may ie<& or refufe t0 pay any fum or fums 0f money according to cd Tnd th^ir orc^er ^ commiflioners as aforesaid, within the thane * cftat^s feized or times by such order or orders to be limited ; the laid com-and (bid. miflioners for each hundred, parilh, or place, or ahy two or more of them, in their refpeClive divisions or diftriCts, are here-by authorized and impowered to imprifon the perfion of every such collector, till he makes payment of the said money; and to feize and fecure the estate as well freehold as copyhold, and all other eftate, both real and perfonal, of such collector, to him belonging, or which shall defcend or come into the hands or poffeffion of his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, wherefoever the fame can be difcovered or found; and the said commiflion-ers, who shall fo feize and fecure the estate of any such collector or collectors, shall be, and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for a general meeting of the said commiflioners for such hundred, divifion, parifh, or place, and to caufe publick notice to be given of the place where such meeting shall be appointed^

/ fix days at lead before such meeting; and the commiflioners present at such meeting, or the major part of them (in cafe the f	monies detained be not paid and fatisfied as it ought to be, accord-^

ing to the directions of this aCl) shall and are hereby impowered and required to fell and difpofe of all such eftates, which shall be for the caufe aforesaid feized and fecured, or any part thereof; and, out of the monies arifing by such (ale, to fatisfy and pay (in manner prefcribed by this aCt) the fum which shall be detained in the hands of iuch collector or collectors, their hetrs^

1	executors,	and adminiftrators refpeCtively, with the charges of

recovering, raifing, and paying the fame 4 and the overplus (if any be) to be reftored to such person as owned the said estate before the fale thereof; any former aCt or aCts of parliament, or other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXIV. And whereas several arrears of land taxes, granted by former afts of parliament,, do fill remain unfat isfed, which ought to ■have been levied, ajftjfed, or re-affejfed, by the refpeftive commif* fioners in such adls named or appointed, fome of which being fmce dead, or removed to dijlant places; it is hereby declared and en* Arrears of	by	the	authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners \sy this

tormer land aCt named or appointed, or fo many of them, as are hereby im-taase? to be powered to caufe the monies by this aCt granted to beaffefled or levied by the raifed^ (hall, and they are hereby impowered to caufe the mo-

^flkners.111" nics *n arrcar uPon kid land taxcs to ^ aflefled, re-af-fefled, levied, and anfwered, as fully and effectually as any com-miflioners appointed by former aCts might have done in that behalf ; and the said affeflors, collectors, and receivers, shall refpeCtively affefs, re-affefs, levy, receive, and anfwer the several arrears, in such manner, and under such penalties, and by such means, and as fully and effectually, as in this aCt they are impowered and required, with refpeCt to the several fums by thi* act charged.

CXV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid*

1760-] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	169

That no receiver^general of any of the taxes by this aft granted, No receiver-or any of his agent or agents, fervant or fervants, by him em- 8cne^» °rhis ployed for the carrying any of the monies to be received for or life the county on account of the said taxes, shall maintain any a&ion or ac- for a robbery, tions againft any hundred or hundreds in that part of Great Bri- unlefc the tain called England, for or upon account of his or their being PCI*?n# c*rT?Z robbed on the King's highway of any the said monies, unlefs the person or persons carrying such monies (hall, at the time of such pany. jobbery, be together in company, and be in number three at tht lead, to atteft the truth of his or their being fo robbed ; any law, ftatute, or provilion, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	t

CXVI. And whereas by virtue of several afts of parliament fpe-eiaify made, or to be made, for the better repairing of certain publicl roads, turnpikes have been or may be fet up, and toils or duties taken far repairing the said roads; it is hereby provided and declared by the authority aforesaid. That such tolls and duties are not, Tolls ordu-add shall not be liable to be rated or taxed towards the aid grant- on turned by this adt, or towards any aid granted by any former adt chareeaWeb for aland tax 5 and that the several officers and persons employ- this or any cd, or to be employed, in collecting such tolls, and repairing former a& such roads, shall not be liable to be taxed or rated in any manner whatfoever, by reafon of their faid offices or employments, or any falary arifing thereby ; this ad, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That where the commissioners appointed to execute this present ad in any county, divifion, hundred, riding, city, town, or J76i. fummon place, or any five or more of them, shall have good reafon to affeflbrs, who fufped that the affeflbrs appointed for any parish or place, pur- h*vc n®t. . fuant to any ad or ads of parliament for granting an aid or aids ^a^fince* to the crown by a land tax or land taxes, have, in fraud of any 6 May, 1717, parifti or place for which they are afifeflors, since the sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, been omitted to be charged or affefled .for any of their own eftates, which ought to have been charged or affefled to such land tax or land taxes, it shall be lawful tor such commissioners for such county, divifion, hundred, city,^ riding, town, or place refpedively, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required at such convenient time or times before the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred aqd sixty one, to fummon and call before them the afleflors for the time being, since the said sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, for such parilhes and places refpc&ively, and to examine such affeflbrs, or any of them, or any other person or persons, upon oath (which and examine oath or oaths the said commissioners are hereby impowered andthc"* uP°n required to adminifter) for discovery or proof of any such fraud oath* or omiffion, since the laid sixth day of May9 one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and as the said commissioners, or the major part of them prefent, (frail find the cafe to be, they (hall

compute

Iff	Anoo pnmo CsoRGll III. C.a.

- •eojppute the swung which aoy fucb parish or .pfam hath

«a by reafon or occafion of apy such fraud or omiffion* and shall •nd*w*d<s« award fstisfadtioo to be made accordingly to fucb pari (he* , of place; respectively, by tbe rafpedlive afle&rs, whofeeflates hayfi been fo omitted to be charged or afiefied asaforefaids add tbe t* be levied faid commiffioncrs /hall, by warrant or warrants under, ttdr wdfdd hands and feals, caufe the jum or fum* fo awarded tobeJwied the eetteoeiKi upon the persons, or the executors or admioUlrAtor* trf jhepet* Ions refpedively, who have been fo omitted to be chargodttf afiefled as aforesaid, and upon their goods and chattels refpeor tively •, all which Turns lo to be levied /ball be paid into the 1	hands of the collectors of the land tax, to be afttoitted pur-

fuant to this a& for fucb refpeCtive pari/bes and placesi to the end tbe faid pari/hes and places refpedtively may have the benefit thereof, and may be eafed accordingly m their proportion to this present aid, or to the next aid or aids which mall be £MOt-^ - ed to his Majesty, bis heirs, and fuccefiors, by a laod;Uaca .*	provided neverthelds. That the quota of the aid granted aphis

,, ' ,v	Majefty /ball not be Jeflened for apy fucb parish or place. '

CommHBon.	C Xv III. And be it further ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid*

cn, tcc. to * That fucb comtaifiioners as are by this ad required to tranfnut, difbnguiih or caufe to be tranfaiitted, the above-mentioned fchedules or *jttd,fet4own duplicates in the King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer, or any three or more of them, lhall, and they are hereby. «£ double taxes, quirea, in every fucb fcheduJe, or duplicate, to ffidiitgui/h and tobetraaf- fet down, , or caufe to be diftiugui(bed and fet down, the grofs iMtsed in the fUnj which shall be aire/Ted, charged, or payable ip eyery •wboqMT. hundred or divifion rdpe&ively, by virtue of this aCt, for dpuble taxes, that fo it may be known how much tbe double, foxes arifing by this aCt do or will amount to in every hundred, and divifion, where any focb shall be.	,	,

A&flmentsoB CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enaAed.-byjtqie the town of authority aforesaid. That the fum appointed by this ait to be Cambridge to raised by the town of Cambridge, shall be raised and levied. bf manors &c rat*nf> manors, mefluages, lands, and tenements, woods, up-' derwoods, coppices, fi/hings, locks, wears, and fluxes, wpop and onfidi- the river Cam, alias Grant, tithes, tolls, markets, (airs, booths, tbenwrCam. ®a^8» an<* Handings, in such fairs and markets, and the repfo ‘ and profits of tbeume, and all other hereditaments, of wffot nature or kind foever they be, fituate, lying, and befog, hap*-pening, or arifing in the bid town, or within the bounds, u~ mils, and precin&s thereof; and alio all eflates in goods, wares, merchandizes, and other chattels and perfooal eflates whatfo-eyer, belonging to the said town, or any the members of the same, except only such personal estate as in this alt before ip excepted.

CXX. And whereat fairs are ufuaUy held	fome Jhort time isf

the year only, by meant whereof it may be	to levy the proportions to be	affefftd by virtue of alt, on the fairt to he held

within the said town, or limits thereof, by fucb quarterly payment fi by this alt is directed to be dorse in other cafes \ be it further eo*

\j6o,] Anao primo Georg11 HI. c. 2,	I

tftod by the authority afo refold, That the collectors to be *p- °n whom,™** pointed by virtue of this aft for levying and collecting the said nues and taxes shall demand the intire fum which (nail be af- fo(r,,icc.tobe Mki forthe whole year on such fturs, and tbe booths, (tails, coUefted. and (landings in the fame, from the parties thetnfdves, who Stall fct to £de any goods or merchandizes in die (aid fairs, booths, Sails, or (landings, or otherwise occupy the fame, if they can be found, or elfe upon the premides charged with such afo foffinents, at any time within seven days after the first proclaiming of such (air or. fairs j and in default of payment thereof, shall Diftreft on ' levy tbe funs aiTefied, by diftrefs and fale of all the goods and default of. chattels that shall be found in the said booths, (tails, or (land- to t* !ened?W ings, in (uch.manner as is herein direfted to be done in other cafes.

CXXI. And it is hereby enafted and declared. That the said Tenants of collectors shall have all such powers of making such diftrefs as booths, See. ia hereby giveo to collectors in other cafes; ana the ieveral and	je.

refpeftive tenants of all such booths, (tails, and (landings, which duft them out (ball be rated by -virtue of this aft, are hereby required and au- of their rants, theorized to pay such fum or fums of money as shall be rated &c-thereon, and to deduft the fame out of the rent payable for such booths to their refpeftive landlords.

CXXII. And be it further enacted by tbe authority aforefwd, 4T.95*1-‘ That the Aim of forty seven thousand nine hundred fifty tour edi^seotlMid^ pounds, one (hilling, and two pence, by this aft granted, shall by an S ' be raised and levied in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, months deft of by art eight months cefs of five thousand nine hundred ninety s»99+l* 5*-four pounds, fivo shillings, and one penny three farthings, of nM0‘ towful otoney of Great Britain, for every month; the fate cefs ' to' be raised out of the land rent of Scotland, according to the monthly proportions within tbe refpeftive (hires, ftewartnes, pities, and boroughs herein after exprefled; that is to fiiy,	\

WITHIN the (heriffdom of Edinburgh, the monthly Aim of two hundred sixty four pounds, thirteen shillings, and three pence, of lawful money of Great Britain.

Within the (heriffdom of Haddington, the monthly fum of two hundred thirty one pounds, fix millings, and three pence three farthings, of like money.

1 Within tbe (heriffdom of Berwick,the monthly fum of two bundred thirty three pounds, feventeen shillings, and five pence halfpenny, of like money.

- Within the (heriffdom of Roxburgh, the monthly fum of threu hundred and fix pounds, ten shillings, and five pence farthing, pf like-money.

Within thie (herifiUom of Selkirk, the monthly fum of feventy five pounds, three shillings, and ten pence farthing, of like poncy.

Within the (heriffdom of Peebles, tbe monthly fum of eighty fix pounds, thirteen shillings, and two pence three farthings, of like money.

•	WitWft





Anno primo GeorgiI III. c. 2.	[iy6&<

Within the (heriffdom of Lanark, the monthly fum of two hundred fifty seven pounds, and seven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the fheriffdom of Dumfries* the monthly fum of twff hundred twenty five pounds, ten shillings, and nine pencfe farthing, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Wigtown* the monthly fum of weighty three pounds, ten shillings, and seven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the ftewartry of Kirkcudbrighti the monthly fum of one hundred thirty nine pounds, four shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Air* the monthly fum of three hundred twenty one pounds, fifteen shillings, and four pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom ot Dumbarton* the monthly fum of sixty three pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Bute* the monthly fum of twenty five pounds, ten shillings, and ten pence farthing, of like money.

Within tfie (heriffdom of Renfrew, the monthly fum of one hundred and twelve pounds, ten shillings, and two pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Striveling* the monthly fum 'of one hundred forty five pounds, fixteen shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, orlikemoney.

Within the (heriffdom of Linlithgow* the monthly fum of ninety seven pounds, five shillings, and two pence three farthings, of like money.	r

Within the (heriffdom of Perth, the monthly fum of four hundred eighteen pounds, eighteen fhillings, and twopence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Kincardine, the monthly fum of eighty one pounds, fixteen fhillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.	.	v

Within the (heriffdom of Aberdeen* the monthly fum of three hundred thirty nine pounds, and eight shillings, of like money.*

Within the (heriffdom of Invernefs, the monthly fum of one hundred pounds, fixteen shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Rofs* the monthly fum of one hundred fourteen pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Nairn, the monthly fum of twenty three pounds, one (hilling, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Cromarty* the monthly fum of five pounds, thirteen fhillings, and five pence three farthings, ottike money.

Within the fheriffdom of Argyll, the monthly fum of one

hundred



1760.] Anno primo Georgii III, c. 2.

hundred fixity one pounds, eighteen shillings, and five pence, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Fife and Kinrofs, the monthly fum of four hundred thirty pounds, and one penny halfpenny, of like money.	t

Within the (heriffdom of Forfar', the monthly fum of twq hundred feventy two pounds, three shillings, and feveri pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Bamff, the ninthly fum of ninety five pounds, twelve shillings, and seven pence, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Sutherland, the monthly fum of twenty seven pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, of like money.

Withip the (heriffdom of Caithrtefs% the monthly fum of forty, nine pounds, fixteen shillings, and five pence farthing, of like •money.

Within the (heriffdom of Elgin, the monthly fum of eighty eight pounds, one (hilling, and three pence, of like money.

* Within the (heriffdom of Orkney and- Zetland, the monthly (um of ninety pounds, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the (heriffdom of Clackmannan, the monthly fum of twenty nine pounds, five shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the city of Edinburgh, the monthly fum of three . hundred thirty two pounds, eleven shillings, and three pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Perth, the monthly fum of thirty eight pounds, eight shillings, and three pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dundee, the monthly fum of sixty pounds,

. Seventeen shillings, and two pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Aberdeen, the monthly fum of sixty fix pounds, fixteen shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Striveling, the monthly fum of feven-teen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Linlithgow, the monthly fum of fixteen •pounds, nineteen shillings, and two pence half-penny, of like money.

Within the city of Saint Andrew, the monthly fum of fourteen pounds, and fixteen shillings, of like money.

Within the city of Glafgow, the mbnthly fum of one hundred nineteen pounds, and fifteen shillings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Air, the monthly fum of feventeen pounds, five shillings, and nine pence three farthings, of like ' money.

Within the burgh of Haddington, the monthly fum of feventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the bureh of Dyfart, the monthly fum of feveri pounds, nineteen millings, and (even pence halfpenny, of like money.

With-

 ^ ^.ooQle

Anno prime	GgoxtStlIff, c. i. f i

- Within the burgh of Kirtaldit, the monthly fum of twenty two pounds, eighteen shillings, and eleven pence, farthing, like money.

■ Within the burgh of Montrofi, the monthly (hm of eighteen' pounds, nineteen (hillihgs, and one penny farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Ctwper, the monthly fum of nine pounds, nineteen millings, and fix pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Anjfruthet Bajitr, the monthly fum of one pound, nineteen shillings, and ten pence three farthings, of fikemoney.

Within the burgh of Dumfreisthe monthly fum of fixteen pounds, twelve shillings, and fix pence three farthings, of like

money.

Within the burgh of Invemefs, the monthly fum of feventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

' Within the burgh of Brunt Iflathe monthly fum' of nine-* Ren pounds, fifteen shillings, and eight pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Innerkeithing, the monthly fum of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kinghorn, the monthly fum of four pounds, nine shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money*

Within the burgh of	Brechin, the monthly fum of five pounds,

ftven shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

Within tne burgh of Irwin, the monthly fum of eight pounds, nineteen shillings, and (even pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Jedburgh, the monthly fum of eight pounds, nineteen millings, and seven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh or Kirkcudbright., the monthly of seven pounds, nineteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, of Iik* money.

Within the burgh of Wigtown, the monthly fum of fix pounds, nineteen shillings, and eight pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Pattenween, the monthly fum of fix pounds, thirteen shillings, and one farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dum/ermhng, the monthly fum of seven pounds, nineteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Anjlruther Wefltr, the monthly fum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Selkirk, the monthly fum of fix pounds, thirteen shillings, and one farthing, of like money.

Within the Burgh of Dumbarton, the monthly fum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and fix pence halfpenny, of liktp money.

Within the burgh of Renfrew* the monthly fum of three

pounds.



*?So.J Anno primo Gtokoit III. c. t,

pounds, jainctwa ftnlhng*, and nine peace halfpenny, oflflce

W>.	...	w .	.	-

tponey,	A

Within the burgh of Lmerk, the monthly him of five pounds^ nineteen shillings, and eight pence farthing, of like money.

I Within the burgh of	Abarbnthack, the monthly Aim of four

pounds, nine (hidings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Elgin, die monthly fum nine pounds, riineteen shillings, and fix pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of	Peebles, the monthly fum of five pounds,

nineteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of	Qrailt,t he monthly turn of eight pounds,

nineteen shillings, and (even pence, of like money.

. Within the burgh of Tayne, the monthly fum of three pounds, nine Ihiliings, and nine pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Cuhrtfs, the monthly film of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

, Within the burgh of Bamff, the monthly fum of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Whithorn, the monthly Aim of nineteen (billings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of	Forfar,the monthly fum of one pound*

nineteen shillings, and ten pence three farthings; of like mofiey.

Within the burgh of Rathe fay, the monthly Aim of two pounds, nineteen shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Nairn, the monthly fum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of	Forres, the montbly fum of two pounds,

nine (billings, and ten pence, of like money.

. Within the burgh of RuthergUn, the monthly fum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Narth Berwick, the monthly Aim of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Cullen, the monthly fum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Lander, the monthly fum of two pounds, nineteen shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kin tore,the monthly Aim of nineteen (billings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kilrenty, the monthly Atm of nineteen (hidings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Amtand, the monthly fum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Loekmabtn, the monthly Aim of nineteen shillings, and sleren pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Santuhar, the moothfa fum of nineteen ftiilHags, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.



V]S	Anno primo GeoRGH III. C.2.	• f i}6o.

Within the burgh of New Galloway, the monthly fum of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dingwall, the monthly fum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dornock, the monthly fum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of ueensferry, the monthly fum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Fortro/s, the monthly fum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money. t Within the burgh of Inverury, the monthly fum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money*

Within the burgh of Weike, the monthly fum of one pound, thirteen shillings, and three pence, of like money.

. Within the burgh of Innerierveyf the monthly fum of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

, Within the burgh of Kirkwall, the monthly fum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

' Within the burghs of Straenraver and Cambleton, the monthly fum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money.

to be rated as	CXXIII. Provided always, That the proportion of the said bo-

noVison(hall rou8^s ‘n Scotland, be rated and paid as their tax roll now is or be fettled by shall be fettled by themfelves: any thing in this a£t contained to themfelves. the contrary notwithftanding.

The first two . CXXIV. And it is hereby enalted, That the (aid new fupply monthscefs in Scotland is to be paid at the terms following; that is to fay, a° fane i 61. The fum of eleven thousand nine hundred eighty eiriit pounds, 4 J n ,1? * tfin shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of lawful money of Great Britain, for the first two months cefs, shall be payable on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-Second 19	dred and sixty one.; and the like fum of eleven thousand nine

Sept. 1761,	hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence half-

penny, of like money, as the second two months cefs, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven ,	hundred	and	fixty	one; and the like fum of eleven thoufand

1761. 15 C hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of like money, as the third two months cefs, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and the like fum of eleven thousand nine Fourth *5 hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence half-March, 176*. pennv> of like money, as the remaining two months cefs, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

CXXV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, Commiflion- That ail and every person and persons who in and oy the said ers for putting of parliament made and patted in the thirty first year of the this aft m ex reign Qf jjj8 jate majesty King George the Second, intituled. Ah Scotland*!1	for appointing commijfoners for putting in execution an a£t of this

fejfion of parliament, intituled, Aq adt for granting an. aid to his

Ma-





^nho primo GfcOftGii III. c. a.	177

-Majefty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and ior enforcing the payment of the rates to be aflefled upon Somer-fet House in the Strand; and for rectifying a mijiake in the jaid aCt \ and for allowing further time to the receivers of certain aids*, for fetting infuper for monies in arrear s were named, appointed, or authorized to be commifiioners for putting in execution the fame ad, within the several (hires or ftewartries of Scotland, or such of them who have qualified or shall qualify themfelves according to the laws of Scotland in that behalf, shall be commifiioners for ordering, raifing, and levying the fupplies in Scotland by this ad granted, in and for the fame (hires and ftewartries refpedively; which faid comtpiflioners shall put in execution this present ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for the fame (hires and ftewartries refpedively; and the said commifiioners have hereby power to choose their own clerk, and to do every thing concerning the said fupply, as is prefcribed and appointed by the cefs ad of the sixth of November, one thousand seven hundred and fix, and other ads made in any former parliament of Scotland, to which the said ad of the sixth of November, one thousand seven hundred and fix, doth relate, holding the fame as if therein repeated.

CXXVI. And it is hereby further enaded. That execution And execu-(hall be done in Scotland for bringing in the said fupply, to be as°by°thc fud raised there, as is provided by the fame ads in all points not al- ads/ tered by this ad; and that the first meeting of the said comtnif- First meeting fioners of (hires in Scotland shall be at the refpcdive head burghs to be at the thereof the thirtieth day of April* one thousand seven hundred head hurghs and sixty one; and that the (heriffs and ftewarts, or their depu-	pn	9

ties, do intimate the fame to the said commifiioners of their (hires and ftewartries; with power to the said commifiioners to appoint the fubfequent diets of their meetings, and their conveners, from time to time; as also to appoint colledors, with such caution as they shall think fit.

CXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- All claufes in faid. That all claufes contained in former ads of parliament of former ads Scotland, and convention of eftates there, in relation to the bring- j*e!at*ng to the ing in of the cefs, and quartering, and touching riding-money,

(hall (land in full force, as to the fupply now impofed upon Scot- to be in full land, as if they were herein exprefled, and as they were obferv- force, ed before the making this ad.

CXX VIII. And it is hereby declared. That no perfon, whe- No persons m ther heretor or colledor, liable in payment of the said fupply to Scotland hold* be raised in Scotland, shall be holden to produce the receipts and f^eir reccf *1:^ difeharges of the same, after three years from the refpedive terms of payment, unlefs diligence be done therefore by denunciation within the (aid three years ; in which cafe of diligence by denunciation, one year farther is only added to the said three years; and none (lull be holden to produce receipts or difeharges thereafter.

CXXIX. And becaufe by the. fupply hereby granted to be raised in VoL. XXIII.	N	Scot-



ij%	Anno	primo	Georgii III. c* 2.	[1760.

Debtor owing Scotland, the lands, rents9 and burghs there an only burthened9 and money m j( fcjng reafinable that the personal efiates in money Jhall bear form percent.proportional burthen $ be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-retain a 6th faid, That every debtor owing money in Scotland, at fix pounds part of 6 per per centum intereft, (hall, in the payment of his annual rents, cent, from 11 have retention in his own hands of a sixth part of fix per centum, nNo^n^ anc* this retention to be from the eleventh day of November, one 7 * thousand seven hundred and fixty, to the eleventh day of No* vember9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty one \ and it is hereby declared. That it shall be ufury for any creditor to refute to grant the (aid retention there.

CXXX. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the autho-to*bJ railed ' rity ^ove^9 That the said fum of forty seven thousand nine free of all	hundred fifty four pounds, one (hilling, and twopence, shall be

charges, raised in Scotland, in the refpedlive (hires, fiewartries, cities, and boroughs, free of all charges to his Majesty, and (hall, in like and to be paid m*nner, be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to such person or per-at Edinburgh, funs as the commiflioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall conftitute and appoint to be receiver general or receivers thereof for his Majesty's ufe; which faid general receiver or receivers shall be anfwerable and accountable for the fame to his Majesty in the exchequer.

No person to CXXXI. Provided neverthelcfs, That no person appointed be acommif- by this a<ft to be a commiffioner for executing the several powers fioner of the and things herein enabled, within any county or ftewartry in that hind tax, in part (frMt Britain called Scotland, shall be enabled or capable Unot enfeoff t0 be a commiffioner of the land tax, or for executing the several of tool. Scots powers and things herein enabled, who is not enfeoft in fupe-perann. real riority or property, or pofieffed as proprietor or life-renter of rent, in the lands valued in the tax roll of the county or ftewartry where he h™a6?sWhCfC to t^ie c*tcnt onc hundred pounds Scots per annum, excepting the eldeft fons and heirs apparent of persons who are fo Exception,	enfeoftof landstotheextentandofthevaluationaforefaid; and that

every perfon, who shall take upon him toa& as a commiffioner for executing any of the powers or things in this a<ft contained, within any county or ftewartry in Scotland, without being enfeoft in fuperiority or property, or in the pofleflion of lands in such county or ftewartry, of the aforesaid value or extent, or without being eldeft fon and heir apparent of a person fo enfeoft, or in pofleffion, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling for every such adling; to be recovered by a<ftion, complaint, or pe* tition, in a fummary way, at the fuit of any heretor within the said county or ftewartry before the county or ftewart court, or before the lordsof fefflon in Scotland $ and that in cafe of any such fuit or complaint entered before any of the courts aforesaid, the person complained of shall be obliged to prove that he is enfeoft, or in pofleffion, or is fon and heir apparent of a person fo en-feoft, or in pofleflion of an estate in fuperiority or property, within the county where he hath taken upon him to a<ft, of the a-forefaid value or extent, or otherwise shall forfeit the said penalty a>i twenty pounds sterling* without any proof Or evidence to be

brought



i79

1760.] Anno primo Georqii III, c.

brought on the plaintiff's part, other than that the person com* plained of hath taken upon him to aft as commiflioner for executing the several powers and things in this aft contained.

CXXXII. Provided always, That all and every person ap- C°7nIsc^<ia* d pointed by this aft to be a commiflioner for executing the feve- t^uRe^he*1 ral powers and things herein enafted, in that part of Great Brt- oaths, and tain called Scotland, (hall, before his afting as a commiflioner in fubferibethe the execution of this aft, or any the powers therein contained, aflurance. take and fubfcribe the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and fubfcribe the afliirance appointed by law to be taken and fub-Jcribed by persons in offices of publick truft in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting the fam of twenty pounds sterling ; which oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said commiflioners to adminifter, and they are hereby required to ad-minifter the fame accordingly.	P ft &

CXXXIIL Provided neverthelefs. That any provoft, bailie, ©t anyroiS

dean of guild, treafurer, mafter of the merchants company, or borough may-deacon convener of the trades for the time being of any royal aft as a com-borough, and any bailie for the time being of any borough of regality, or barony, herein named or appointed a commiflioner for putting this aft in execution in any county or ftewartry, shall be capable of afting as a commiflioner for such county or ftewartry 5 and that it mall not be lawful to or for the court of fef-iion, or any other courts or magiftrates in Scotland, to grant, by /ufpenfion, or otherwife, any ftay or flop to the bringing in of the said fupply, by quartering, according to the proportions fettled and afeertained by the aforesaid commiflioners for the feve-ral (hires, and by the royal burghs, according to their ufage and praftice $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to clauft of loan and for any person or persons, natives and foreigners, bodies at ^' Pcrcent* politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any fum or fums or money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, upon the credit of the laid several rates, afleflments, and fums of money, by this aft granted, to be raised in the several parts of Great Britain as aforesaid ; and such other monies as are by this aft appointed for repaying the fame, with the interest thereof; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, fo ms such loans be allowed to be made by the commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpofe, as fa(^ as such loans shall be wanted for the publick fervice: and moreover, that no money fo to be lent upon the security of this aft, shall be rated or al-fefled by virtue of this aft, or any other aft of parliament what-

C»vl«	m ...	_

CXXXV. And be it further enabled, That all and every joan'” £e

Talliei of

180	Anno	primoGEORGH.	III. €.2.	[1760.

perfon and persons, who shall lend any money upon the credit of this ad, as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for the payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, at a rate not exceeding the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three Orders regi- months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such ordered and paid ders for repayment of money, (b to be lent, shall be regiftered in in courfe. courfe according to the dates refpedively; and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall (land regiftered in the said regifter books, (o as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this ad; and he, (he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in by virtue of this ad, of or for the said several rates and afteflments to be raised in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadion of the said re-fpedive persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns refpedively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever ; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, di-redly or indiredly, shall be demanded or taken ot any of his Majesty's fubjeds, for providing or making any such books or regifters, or any entries, view$, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or Penalty for demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place also ; and undue pre-	jf any undue preference of one before another shall be made ei-

ference.	thcr jn pQjnt 0f regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning;

of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such preference shall be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredion or privity of his mafter, then such deputy or clerk, only shall be liable to such adion, debt, damages, and cofts* and shall for ever be incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not dired the said orders of loan, or the cle k of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon such order, according to each perfon's due place and order, as before direded; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and 2	.	the


1760.] Anno primo Georgii III c. 2.	181

the refpe£tive deputies and clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner as a-forefaid: all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, mall and may be recovered by a<5fion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminfler \ wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That No undue if it shall happen that several tallies of loan, or orders for pay-ment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the ai e ^tej or auditor of the receipt toberegiftered, then it shall be interpreted brought the no undue preference, which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he en- fame day: ters them all the fame day.

CXXXVII. Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted Nor if fnbfe any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, quent orders if the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to persons that come and demand not demanded their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons whoincourfe. did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be so much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

CXXXVIIL And be it further enabled, That all and every 0nlcrs nm person and persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to a^|C#rs a lga" be regiftered by virtue of this aCf, after order entered in the book of regifter aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of affignment to be indorfed and written on his, her, or their order, may affign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regifter aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make)

(hall intitle such affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, fucceffi-ors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such affignee may, in like manner, affign again, and fo toties quoties \ and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such per-lon or persons who have or hath made such affignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

CXXXIX. And) to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain jum, not to exceed in the whole two millions, to be raifed, either by such loans as aforesaid, or by iffuing exchequer bills, as is herein af~ ter-mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick service ; be it further provided and enabled by the autho- commi'Eon-rity aforesaid. That in cafe the commiffioncrs of his Majesty's en of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafnry tm-treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioncrs of the trea- Powereti to

N 7	furvJ”^ **Y

,	,3	lury numbei ot





I$2

one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies.

Bills to bear Intereft at 4U percent, per ann.

Thefe bills tc be numbered arithmetical-

iy-

Treafury to direct the courfe of payment for loans or exchequer bill*,

Anno primo Gkorgii III. c. 2.	[1760.

fury for the time being, shall judge itadvifeable to raise the said fum of two millions* or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, in-dead of such loans as aforesaid, then they refpeftively are here* by authorized and itnpowered at any time or times, at once, or by such proportions at a time, as they refpeftively shall find to be mod for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and form as they or he shall think mod (afe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum* or different fums, in the principal monies, fo that in cafe there shall be no loans made, then all the principal dims to be con* tained in the (aid bills to be made forth by this aft, shall not exceed two millions; and in cafe any such loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal fums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this aid, together with such loans fo made, shall not exceed the said fum of two millions.

CXL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said bills to be prepared and made in purfuancc of this aft, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per	and	proportionally	for	any

greater or lefs fum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearer thereof refpeftively 5 ncverthelefs the said interest shall be abated and faved upon fochof the said bills to be mad* forth by this ad, as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or colleftors of afty taxes, aids, or revenues whatfoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and iucceflbrs, during such time and times refpedtively, as such bills shall be or remain ih the said receipt, or in such hands or power as aforetaidr

CXLJ* And it is hereby enadted. That ail the said bills, fo to > be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with N® I. and fo proceeding in an arithmetical pro-greflion afeending, wherein the common excefs or difference shall always be one, and shall be regiftered accordingly, fo that the principal fum to be contained in every such bill (after repayment of the loan* which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or referving money fuffi-cient for that purpofej may regularly be paid off, and difenarged in courfe, according to the number of every such bid, as it (hail (land in the said regifter; and that the interest upon all and every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this adt; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorfed, printed, or written, in words at length, or in figures, the fum, after which the principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such courfe, as aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft.

CXI/1I. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe the said fum, not exceeding two millions, shall be raised partly by loans, and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers before given by this aft; that then, and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commif-

fioncr$



1760.]	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 2.	183

(toners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as often as they (hah, by virtue of the said powers, dired any such loans to be taken, or any such exchequer bills to be made out, at the fame time also to dired and appoint the courfe and order in which such loans or exchequer bills shall ftand upon the said regifter, and after what time they shall refpedively begin to be payable in courfe, out of the monies arifing by this ad, fo as no such fubfequent loans or exchequer bills be made to alter the courfe at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills, at the time of taking in, or making out, such prior loans or exchequer bills ; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wiii notwithftanaing.

CxLIII. And it is hereby further enaded, That all the said an<*t0 aPP0,nt bills shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents,c lcqucs' or counterfoils, as shall be direded by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for time being; and that the person or persons, who is, are, or shall be appointed to pav off the said bills in courfe, fhall, from time to time, have theule and cuftody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this ad, from which the said bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being impofed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers or contradors for exchanging or circulating the said bills, or such of them as shall be current, (hall, from time to time, have theufeand cuftody of one other part of all the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, from which the fame shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imppfed upon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that all the said parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered hack into the exchequer when the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this ad shall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged.

CXLIV. And it is hereby enaded, That the commissioners The bills to of the treasury* or any three or more of them now being, and be placed as the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners o^h^aer1^ *** the treasury for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby re- cc* fpedively authorized and impowered to caufe such bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this ad, to be placed as so much cafh in the refpedive offices of the tellers of the said receipt of exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be feverally charged with the proportion of the said bills, which shall be fo placed in his office refpedively.

CXLV. And it is hereby also enaded and declared, That the and to be HTu-faid bills in the hands of the said tellers shall be locked up and able thereout fecured as cafh, according to the courfe of the exchequer; and in. common shall be taken and efteemSl as so much in part of the remains in ^onie! w real money wherewith each of the said tellers (hall, from time IP time,ftar)d charged, and (hall, in commonwith otherthemo-k N 4	pie*



Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[1760.

nics in the said exchequer, be iffuable and reiffuable thereout, to any person or persons defiring to receive the fame, for and in lieu of so much money as the principal fums contained in the said bills, with the interest due thereon at the time of such iflu-ing or reiffuing thereof, shall amount unto; any law or ufage ta the contrary notwithftanding. and to be cur-	CXLVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

rent in the	That all	and every the said exchequer bills to be made forth	by

revenue.	virtue of	this aCt, or fo many of them as (hall, from time	to

time, remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may be received and taken, and shall pafs and be current to all and every the receivers and collectors in Gnat Britain of the cuftoms, ex-cife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, already granted,	due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter	be

granted,	due, or payable, to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccef-

fors, and also at the receipt of the exchequer, from the said receivers or collectors, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, for or upon any account, caufe, or occafion whatfoever, according to the purport and true meaning of this aCt; and that such of the same bills as shall be received at the exchequer, shall and may be .locked up and fecured as ca(h, according to the courfe of the exchequer, fettled and eftablifhed by law, for locking up and Receivers to securing monies received in fpecie there; and that all and every for ready mo- rece‘vers an<* collectors in Great Britain of the cuftoms, ex-ney. Y cife, or any revenue, aid, tax, or fupply whatfoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due, or payable, to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-ceflors, (hall, and they are hereby directed and required,- out of any current coined money, as shall then be in his or their hands, of such revenue, aid, tax, or fupply, to pay such of the same bills as shall be brought to them respectively, by any per- 1 fon or persons defiring to have money for the fame: and in cafe any such receiver or collector shall refufe or negleCt to exchange such bill or bills for ready money, for the fpace of twenty four hours, then the person or persons demanding the fame, shall and may bring an aCtion of debt, or on the cafe, for the principal and interest money due upon such bill or bills, againft such receiver or collector, having money in his hands as aforefaid; in which aCtion the plaintiff shall or may declare, that such receiver or collector is indebted to the plaintiff in the money demanded upon every such bill, according to the form of the ftatute, and hath not paid the fame, which (hall- be fufficient; and the plaintiff in every such aCtion shall recover againft the receiver or collector, not only the monies fo negleCted or refufed to be paid, but also his full cofts of fuit; and such receiver and collector shall be fubjeCt or liable thereunto; and in such aCtion noelfoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or pnore than one imparlance; and upon payment of the monies





1760.]	Anno	primo Georgii HI. c. 2.	185

fo to be recovered, the plaintiff, his executors, or afligns, shall deliver up such bills to the defendant, his executors, oraifigns.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Tallies to be bills shall at any time or times hereafter within the refpedtive |evicf* ^bilia times, during which they shall be current purfuant to this adt, ^^uCr.C be paid or lent into the exchequer, by any of his Majesty's receivers, or other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or loans at that receipt, the officers there shall caufe tallies to be levied, and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and effedtually, to all intents or purpofes, as if they had made such payments or loans in fpecie.

CXLvIII. And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That Intereft to the interest which (hall, from time to time, be due upon any of continue till the bills to be current as aforesaid, shall be allowed to all per- Paymcnt% fons, bodies politick and corporate, paying the fame to any receiver or colledtor, receivers or colledtors, of any of his Maje-fty's revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, or by way of exchange as aforesaid, to the refpedtive days whereupon such bill or bills shall be fo paid, exchanged, or lent.

CXLIJC. Provided always. That no interest shall run, or be to paid upon or for any such bill or bills, during the time any such ceafewhilftthe bill or bills fo paid, exchanged, or lent, shall remain in the hands bills are in the of any of the (aid receivers or colledtors, or in the hands of any hands of reteller or tellers of the exchequer; but for such time the interest on ccivcrs* every such bill (h*ll ceafe.

CLf. And* to the end it may be known for what time fuel bills bearing interest /hall* from time to tirpe* remain in the hands offuch receivers or collectors or in the exchequer as aforesaid ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, who shall pay any Bij|s to such bill or bills fo bearing intereft, to any receivers or colledtors receiver*, &c. of any of his Majesty's revenues, aids, taxes, and fupplies, by to be figned way of exchange, or otherwife; or shall pay or lend such bill or dated, bills, fo bearing intereft, into the exchequer as aforesaid, (hall, at the time of making such payment, exchange, or loan, on each bill bearing intereft, and fo paid, exchanged, or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon, in words at length, the day of the month and year, in which he, (he, or they fo piaid, exchanged, or lent such bill or bills bearing intereft; all which the said receivers and colledtors refpedtively, and also the refpec-tive tellers in the exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which refpedtive days the said receivers interest to be and colledtors shall be allowed again the intereft, which he, (he, allowed to the or they shall have allowed or paid upon such refpedtive bill or faid, days, bills, upon his or their paying the fame into the receipt of exchequer as aforesaid.

CLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said bills, or any of them, may be The bills may reiflued and paid again out of his Majesty*s exchequer; and be reifTued, when the fame shall be reifTued and paid again out of his Maje-fty's exchequer, the refpedtive teller there, from whofe office such bill or bills bearing interest shall be fo reifTued, or again

paid



both for prin eipal and intt reft.

Receivers to keep a book.

Bills filled up by indorfe-ments, or defaced to be exchanged.

Anno prirao Georgii III. c. *.	[1760*

paid out, shall indorfe on the fame bill or bills fo reiflued, in words at length, the day of the month and year, in which the fame were reiflued gr repaid out of the exchequer, and alSo on what account the fame were laft received into the exchequer, and fign the fame; from which time the interest of such bill or bills fo reiflued or paid again shall revive 1 and such bill or bills shall revive, run, and pafs at intereft, as the fame did before they were paid unto, or received by the said receivers or collect tors, or before the fame were paid or lent into the exchequer, as aforesaid.

CLII. And it is hereby enacted, That the fame bills to be ► reiflued, from time to time, or at any time, at the exchequer, as aforesaid, shall be fo reiflued for the principal money to be contained therein, and for so much interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the teller at thercipective time and times, when such bill and bills were laft paid into the exchequer.

CLIII. And be it enacted, That every receiver general of any the revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, belonging or to belong to his Majetly, his heirs, and (ucceflors, shall keep a fair book or books of account in writing of all the monies by him received ; in which he, or his deputy or deputies, shall truly enter all the fums which shall have been received by him or them, for every such revenue, aid, tax, or fupply, together with the names of the several collectors from whom the fame, or any part thereof, was received, the days when, and the fums paid, how much thereof in money, and how much thereof in such exchequer bills, and what exchequer bills shall havebeen exchanged' by every such receiver general, purfuant to this act; to which account every person concerned shall have free accefs at all fea-fonable times, without fee or charge; and the said accounts shall lie conftantly open at one certain place within the limits of his receipt for that purpofe; and if such receiver shall neglect to keep such book or books, or enter therein any fum or fums of money by him received and paid as aforesaid, by the fpace of three days after his receipt or payment of the same, or shall re-fufe any person or persons concerned to infpect such book or books without fee or reward as aforefaid; every such receiver, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who will fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeftminflcr; wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

CLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any of the exchequer bills which shall be current as aforesaid, shall be filled up by writing or in-dorfement made thereon as aforesaid, or shall by any accident be defaced, it shall and maybe lawful for the commiffionersof the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the tiifie being, and he god they are hereby ^uthori^ed and



i87

1760,]	Anno	primo	GeoRgii	III. c. 2.

im powered, by his or their difcretion, from time to time, to caufe new bills to be made forth at the receipt of exchequer, in lieu of such bills which shall be fo filled up or defaced; which bills fo filled up or defaced shall be cancelled at the receipt of exchequer,and kept there 00 a file or files for that purpofe; and such bills fo to be madeforth in lieu thereof, shall have a like currency, and shall m all refpe&s be fubjeft to the fame rules, methods, and continuance, ms the bills fo filled up were intended to have been by this ad, and shall bear the fame numbers, dates, and principal fums, and carry the like intereft, as was borne and carried by the bills fo cancelled refpe&ively.

CLV. And it is hereby ena&ed, That, for the greater eafe Bills not ex-and difpatch of publick bufinefs at the exchequer, it shall and ceeding 50001. may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of the treasury, or	at

any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time ti,e exchequer, being, and he and they are hereby authorized and enabled, in cafe he or they shall fo think fit, to caufe exchequer hills for any large Turns, not exceeding five thousand pounds each, to be made forth at the receipt of the exchequer, and to be placed as ca(h in the said receipt, in lieu of the like value of the principal contained in the (aid exchequer bills made forth forleflcr fums, which at the time of making such large bills shall happen to be 'in the fame receipt, which shall be at the fame cancelled and difeharged, and be kept there on a file for that purpofe; and such new bills for such large fums shall and may be iffued at the said receipt, and have the fame currency, and be in all refoe&s Tub-je& to the fame rules, methods, and continuance, and carry the like intereft, and have the fame fecurity, benefits, and advantages ; and the fame pains of death, ana other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for any crime or offence relating thereunto,

(hall be inflidted, incurred, and put in execution, as if they had been originally iffued by virtue of this adt for the said lefler bills; pny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLV1. And it is hereby enadled by the authority afordfaid, Forging ex-That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ex- chequer bills chequer bill which shall have been made forth by virtue of this fclcny* adt, before the fame shall be paid off and cancelled, or any exchequer bills to be renewed or made forth in purfuance of this adl, or any indorsement or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any such forged or counterfeit bill, or any exchequer bill with such counterfeit indorfement or writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit bill, or any such exchequer bill, with such counterfeit indorfement or writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready money, by any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other person or persons whatfoever, knowing the bill fo tendered in payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the indorfement or writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with intent to defraud hft Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, or the persons to pe appointed to pay off the fame, or any of them, or to pay any

in*



j 88	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[ij§o.

intereft thereupon, or the person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who shall contract to circulate or exchange the fame, or any of them, or any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate; then every such person or persons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer as in cales of felony without benefit of clergy.

How the mo- CLVII. And to the end, intent, and purpofe, that all the monies to nie« arifmg by be lent at the exchequer, on the credit of this aft, within the time b"9	before limited in that behalf not exceeding as aforesaid, may be duly

e app 1 * repaid, and the intcrejl thereof jufly fatisfied at the said receipt, and ‘ that all the exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this afty not exceeding as aforesaid, may likewife be paid off and difeharged in their due courfe and order at such publick office, as is hereafter in and by this aft appointed in that behalf; and to the end the fame bills, orfo jnany of them as Jhall from time to time remain undifeharged\ may the better obtain a currency for such time as they or any of them are hereby intended to be current; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the money which shall from time to time arife at the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the aids, taxes, or affeffments, by this ad granted, (hall, from time to time, as the fame shall arife at the said receipt, be iflued and applied at the fame receipt either for or towards paying off and difcharging the orders of loan, for the money which shall have been lent at the said receipt, within the time herein before limited in that behalf, arid for fatisfying the intcreft thereof, in such courfe, man- . ner and form, as are before in this ad preferibed and appointed for that purpofe, or fcc ifiucd to such paymafter as is herein after mentioned, by way of impreft and upon account, for or towards paying off and difcharging the exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this ad, in such courfe as aforesaid, and for and towards paying the interest quarterly to become due on the said bills, and for or towards the charge of exchanging and circulating the fame bills, or any of them, and for or towards such other payments as are in and by this ad di-reded or allowed to be made ordifcharged out of the same, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatsoever.

CLVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-*9 Sept. 1761 That on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand count of alfC seven hundred and sixty two, or within ten days after, the com-mopie* raised miffionersof the treasury, or any three or more of them now be-and diicbarg- ing, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commif-*d*	fioners of the treasury for the time being, shall caufe a true and

perfed account in writing to be taken and attefted by the proper officers, of all the monies which shall have been raised by loans, or by exchequer bills, or by any or either of thofe ways or means, for or towards the said fum, not exceeding two millions, by this ad intended to be raised as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall before thattime have been paid off ordifcharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undifeharged, upon the said orders of loan apd exchequer bijls refpedively, qr upon any or ei*-

1760.]	Anno	primo Gborgii III. c. 2.	189

ther of them; which account shall be publicldy affixed in the office of the auditor of the receipt in the said exchequer.

CL1X. And it is hereby ena&ed and declared by the authority a- Unfatidied forefaicj,That the monies foremaining unfatisfied, or not difcharg- raojic* ed, with the interest due or to grow due for the fame, shall be paid J^t ° c and fatisfied out of the next aid or aids to be granted in parlia-	*

ment, after the said twenty ninth day of September one rhoufand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall be transferred thereunto, as foon as such aid or aids shall be granted; and if no such aid or aids shall be granted, whereunto such unfatisfied monies shall be transferred, before the twenty fourth day of March, one finkingfun • thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then the monies fo remaining unfatisfied and undifchargcd, with the interest due or to grow due for the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable,upon such monies, as at any time or times shall be and remain in the fame receipt of the furplufles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the finking fund (except such monies of the said finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former a<ft or atfts of parliament in that behalf) any such monies of the said finking fund shall and may be iffucd for the paying off and difcharging the said orders of loan, an*, for fatisfying the interest thereof, and for fupplying money to the said pay-mafter, for dif-charging the said unfatisfied exchequer bills in courfe, with interest remaining due thereupon, as the laid commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, lhall direct, until all the principal and intereft, whicli shall be or remain due upon the said loans or exchequer bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or money fufficient shall be referved for th^t purpofe; and if at any time or times before or after any of the said aids, taxes, or affeffments hereby granted lhall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying intereft, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said loans or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate, which lhall be incurred and grown due by any contract or contra&sto be made by virtue of this aeft, for circulating and exchanging the fame bills; that then, and in every such cafe, the money fo wanted shall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the said fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except before excepted) and be iffued accordingly.

CLX. And whereas by reafon of the multiplicity of payments, which are to be made in paying off such exchequer bills as Jhall be made forth by virtue of this aft, and otherwise in relation to the fame, it will be difficult, if not impoffble, that every particular payment Jhouli be direfted, recorded, paid, and accounted for, by the several officers of the receipt of the exchequer, in the ordinary courfe of payments there ufed; therefore, and to the end the exchequer may regularly be difeharged of all the monies required by this acl to be applied for paying off the said exchequer bills, and other charges attending r the fame, be it cna&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the toappe^tpe™ commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them tons to p^

now

190	Anno	primo Georgii III. C.2.	[1760.

oft principal now being, and the high treafurer, or any three or more of the ftSlSfWhlCl? commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall and may, to timebe in® ®‘om ^me t0 by writing under his or their hand or hands, courfeof pay- conftitute and appoint such person and persons as he or they shall ment upon ex- think fit, to be the pay matter to pay off anddifcharge the principal chequer bill*. furt)S whjch (hall, from time to time, be in courfe of payment upon the said exchequer bills, or any of them, and to pay the interest quarterly to become due thereupon, until they mall be paid off and difcharged; and to pay the premium or premiums, rate or rates, which, according to any contradfc or contra&s to be made, as is herein after mentioned, for exchanging and circulating the said bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such contra&ors; and to take in and put upon a file, from time to time, all such of the said bills, as shall be paid off, to be cancelled, as the commissioners of the treafuiy, or the high treafurer, or commissioners of the treasury for tne time being, shall diredt; and to do and perform, or caufe or procure to be done and performed, such other matters and things in relation to the said bills, or the principal and interest therein to be con* tained, as to the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or to the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall feem meet, and be directed to be done and performed by such paymafter for the time being; all which payments shall be paid by such paymafter, from time to time, at an office to' be kept in or near the receipt of the exchequer at Weflminfier for that purpofe; and that the commiftionersofthe treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffidners of the treasury for the time being, shall take, or caufe to be taken, fecurity, according to the beft of his or their judgements, from all and every such person and persons fo conftituted, or to be conftituted, for his or their due paying, anfwering, and accounting for all the said * monies which he or they shall receive, and for his and their true and faithful performance of his or their office or offices, truft or trufts, before mentioned.

Money as CLXL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, brought in, to That the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or k®Pa alwthC more	t*lcm now being, and the high treafurer, or any three

paym crs. more 0f the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, once in every week, or oftener,^s any of the money by this a6t appointed or intended to be applied for or towards paying off the said exchequer bills, or difcharging any other the payments relating thereunto, according to the purport and true meaning of this a<ft, shall be, or be brought into the exchequer, or be or remain there, (hall, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained from his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-ceffors, in that behalf, iffue, or caufe to be idiied,* the fame to such paymafter or paymafters already conftituted or to be conftituted as aforesaid, by way of impreft and upon account for or towards the paying off and difcharging the said exchequer bills

tu

1760.]	Anno primo GeoRgii III. c. a.	191

in such courfe as aforefaid* and such other payments relating to the said exchequer bills as are to be made by such paymafter or paymafters as aforesaid ; and that he or they (hall, from time to time, apply all the monies by him or them fo to be received as he or they shall receive the fame, from time to time, towards difcharging the said bills in courfe, and other payments hereby directed and allowed, according to the purport and true mean^ ing of this present ad, and not otherwife.

CLXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* The bills to That all the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this ad* be regiftered shall be regiftered in courfe, according to their numbers* as afore- in «>urfe. laid ; and that the said regifters shall lie open in the publick , office of the said paymafter for the time being f and a table* to (hew how far the said bills shall be in courfe of payment, from time to time, shall be publtckly affixed in the said office ; and that such regifter and table* or either of them* shall or may be viewed or infpeded* at any feafonable time or times, by any person or periods defiring to view or infped the. fame* without tee or charge; and that the said bills shall be paid oft and dif-charged in courfe* according as their numbers shall (land in the said regifter; and the monies by this aft appointed for payment of the same* (hall, fn the fame order, be liable thereunto* without giving any undue preference, in paying any bill or bill® of any fubfequent number or numbers* before any bill or bills of any antecedent number or numbers, and shall not be diverted ordivertable to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purposes by this aft appointed for application of the same: neverthdefs, in cafe it shall happen that several bills in courfe of payment shall on the fame day be brought, and demanded to be paid oft, it shall not be interpreted an undue preference which of them the paymafter or paymafters do pay firft, fo as he or they do pay them all the fame day ; and it shall not be interpreted an undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the paymafter or paymafters do pay off the" bills to the persons that bring their bills, and demand their money in courfe, before others that do not bring their bills, and demand their money in courfe, fo as such money be referved as will fatisfy precedent bills, which shall not be otherwise dif-pofed of, and kept for them.

CLXIII. And it is hereby enafted. That the interest upon When interest the said bills shall ceafe from the refpeftivc times that money t0 ceaie.

(halt be refcrved and kept in bank for difcharging the fame.

CLXIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That Pavmafter* the said paymafter or paymafters shall be fubjeft ar>d liable to such infpeftion* examination, controul, and audit, and to such ^^afury, rules in refpeft to paying, accounting, and other matters relating to the execution of the said office or truft of paymafter, as the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high ireafurer, or any three or more of the Conutiiffioners of the treasury for the time being, shall think fit or rcafonatye to eftablifh or appoint* from time to time, for the

better

192

Treafury to fettle fafaries of clerks, See.

and to contract with per font to circulate bills. See.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[1760*

better execution of the intent and end of this a&, to the fatisfao tion of the proprietors of the said bills.

CLXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well the person or persons conftituted or to be conftituted to the said office of paymafter, as also the person or persons appointed or to be appointed to examine and controul the receipts, payments, and doings of such paymafter or paymafters, shall respectively have and receive for the fervices of themfelves refpectively, and of the clerks and fubftitutes to be employed under them refpectively, and for such charges as shall be ne«-ceffarily incident to the execution of their refpective offices, such falarles, rewards, and allowances, as the commiflioncrs of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high , treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall judge to be reafonable, and direct in that behalf, and to be allowed upon the proper account or accounts of the said paymafter or paymafters.

CLXVI. And, for the better fupporting the currency of the said bills to be made forth by this act, and to the end a fuffici-ent provifion may be made for citculating and exchanging for ready money, from time to time, the said bills, or such of them as fhall, from time to time, remain lindifcharged, during such time as they, or any of them, are to be current, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, on his Majesty's behalf, shall and may, from time to time, enter into any contract or contracts, for obliging any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who will voluntarily undertake this fervice, at his or their own cofts or charges, to circulate and exchange, at fome publick office in London or IVeJimtnJler, for ready money, from time to time, all such of the said bills, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, as shall be demanded at such publick office, during the time or refpect;ive times of such contract or contracts by paying in ready money, at their own cofts and charges, upon every such demand, or within twenty four hours after, all the principal monies contained in every such bill to be demanded, and the interest which shall then be due thereupon, and fo toties quotics, as often as any such bill shall be demanded; the said contractors or undertakers from time to ,time, upon exchanging every such bill, taking in the bill fo exchanged for their own ufe, and being allowed a rate, or several rates, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, as well for paying the said intereft, at their own cofts, as also in reward for their fervice, upon all the said bills fo undertaken to be circulated ; which faid refpective rate or rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned ; and the said contract or contracts shall be made in writing, and regiftered in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such time and times jefpeftively, as shall be agreed by the contractors.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.2.

CLXVII. And it is hereby enafted, That such contractors, Contractors or any of them, shall not, for that caufe only, be difabled from ”ot d^led being a member or members of parliament, or be adjudged li- me^berTof able to be a bankrupt or bankrupts, within the intent and mean- parliament * ing of all or any the ftatutes made againft or concerning bank- nor liable to rupts; any law, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary notwith- be bankrupts, (landing.

CLXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- may lower or rity aforesaid, That such contractors (with the confent and ap- raiie the inte-probation of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or £eft wi*h con* more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or of tre#" more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and not otherwife) may, at any timq or times after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, by writing to be affixed upon the exchange of London, and by publication in the London Gazette, declare and direCt, if they shall fo fee caufe and think fit, the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, or any number or part of them, to carry a lower or higher rate of intereft, than the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for such time or times as shall be mentioned in such writing and publication, as aforesaid : and for the greater accommodation and eafe of paying the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, or any of them, to the receivers and collectors of the publick revenues, and into the receipt of the exchequer, the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, have hereby power, at the requeft of such contractors, to make forth, or caufe to be made forth, any of the said exchequer bills without bearing any intereft; yet neverthelefs thofe bills fo to be made forth without bearing any intereft, may, from time to time, be made to carry such interest as the said contractors lhall, by writing to be affixed on the exchange of London, and published in the London Gazette, fignify and declare in that behalf.

CLXIX. And it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Contractors That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more how to be of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more Pald# of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall caufe the monies which (hall, from time to time, be incurred and grown due to fiich contractors, upon such refpeftive rates or premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the monies which (hall, from time to time, be iflued to the said pay-mafter or paymafters, as aforefaid; any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLXX. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid, No fee to be That no fee, reward, or gratuity, shall be demanded or taken, taken, direftly or indireftly, by any of his Majesty's officers in the exchequer, or by any of their clerks or fubftitutes, or by any such paymafter or comptroller, or by their or either of their clerks or Vou XXIII.	O	fubftitutes,

Anno primo GEORGii III. c. 2'.	[1760.

fubftitutes, from any of his Majesty's fubjefts, for any .matter or thing to be done by the said officers in the exchequer, or by the laid p&ymafter or comptroller, or any of them, their, or any of their clerks or fubftitutes refpeftively, in purfuancoof this aft j and that no such officer in the exchequer, paymafter, or comptroller, or any such clerk or fubftitutc, ihall divert or mifappty, or caufe or procure to be diverted or milapplied, any of the monies by this aft intended for the exchanjpng, circulating, and paying off the said bills, or any of them, under such penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by, and inflifted on them refpec-tively, as by this aft are prefcribed and enafted for diverting and milapplying any the monies of the said aids, taxes, or afleffi-ments, hereby granted, or for taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity concerning the fame.

No interest for CLXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That ts penny.1110nC °^cn ^ interest upon any exchequer bill or bills to be made p	forth	by this aft, shall be demanded to be paid, the said con-'

traftors or paymafters shall not be obliged to pay for such into-' reft, to any iefler fum than One penny upon such bill, in cafe a: fingle bill be produced, or fqr the total of the interest of such bills, where two or more shall be offered at one time by the fame peribn; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Cha t0 be CLXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enafted by the au~ paid out of the thority aforefeid, That the said commiffioncrs of thetreafury, finking fund, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafuner, or any three or more of the commiffioncrs of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arife of or for the said aid9, taxes, or afteffi* menu, hereby granted,or of or for the (aid furpluflfes, excefles, or overplus monies* and other revenues compofing the finking fund, from time to time, the neceflary charges of making forth the1 new exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other charges as shall be neceflarily incident in or for thd execution of this aft, or any part thereof, in relation to the said bills \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-(landing.

To be repU- CLxXIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authored out of the rity aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the first fupphes. furpiufies, excefles, or overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the (inking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first fupplies to be then after granted in parliament \ any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

CLXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enafted. That in cafe poof shall be made on oath of one or raorexredible wknefs or witnefles, before the lord chief baron and other the barons of the coif of hisMajefty's court oiExchapur, or any of them, that any of the bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this aft, were by cafualty or mifchance loft, burnt, or other-

wife

Clattfeof relief for bills loft or de-ftroyed.

 uooQle

*95

i?6o.]	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 2.

wife deftroyed, before the coming thereof in courfeof payment ; and if by Up party's oath the numbers and fonts of such bill or bills ihail be albertained ; and if thereupon the laid chief baron, and other the said barons, or any of them, before whom foch oaths were made, shall certify that he or they are fatisfied in such proof; then, and in every such cafe, the commissioners of the. treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treaforer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized to caofe the money due upon foch bill or bills, fo loft, burnt, or de-ftroyed, to be fatisfied by the said paymafter or paymafters, as jf the original bill or bills were brought in to be paid off; provided that the person or persons fo receiving the money do give feeurity to the King, to the good liking of the person or persons who (ha)l be appointed, as aforclaid, to pay off and take in the said bills, to pay into the exchequer, for the ufe of the publick, so much money as Ihail be paid upon foch certificate or certificates, if the bill or bills fo certified to be loft, burnt, or deftroyed, be hereafter produced.

CLXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled by the au- Bills difeharg. thority aforesaid, That all and every the bills to be made forth	*0 be can-,

by virtue of this ad, which Ihail, from time to time, be dif- ceUed* charged and paid off, shall be taken in and filed, and shall be cancelled and made void, according to such rules and directions as the said commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treaforer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall, by any warrant or warrants under their hands, dired or appoint.

CLXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby likewife efiabt- Sinking fond ed by the authority aforesaid. That all the monies arifen or to appropriated arife into the exchequer of or for the feid furpluffes, excefies, or ^tiend deEts overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the (inking incurred be-fund (except foch monies thereof, as are by this, or any other fore *5 Dec. ad or a bis of this or any former session or feuions of parliament, I7|6, efpecially charged upon the said (inking fond, or to be paid out of the same, or out of any revenues or branches compofing the . faid finking fund) shall be appropriated, referved, and employed round for the discharging the principal and interest of such national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fixteen, and are declared to be such national debts, as may be redeemed, and are provided for by a Cl of parliament, in such manner and form, as shall be direbled and appointed by any future abt or ads of parliament to be difeharged therewith, or put of the same, and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatsoever ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CLXXVII. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer Deficiency of bills made upon and in purfuance of an ad of parliament of the the land tax thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George 3* Geo- lithe Second (intituled, An act for granting an aid to bis Mojefty

O 2	pp





,196	Anno primoGEoRcm III. c* 3.	07^°*

by a land tax to be rdifed in Great Britain, for the feryite of dfie year one thousand /even hundred and fifty nine) (till remain unpaid, .for want of fuffident money, anting by the saidaft,bdng come into the exchequer to anfwer and pay the fame, andiit ts uncertain how much thereof the monies arifing by the faki a6t will be able to anfwer and difcharge; be it enaded by the authority aforefatd, That if the money arifen or to arife into the exchequer, for or on account of the said aids, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, which flia.ll be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall not be fuffid-cnt to difcharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan or exchequer bills, made upon and in purfuance of the said ad, that then so much money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for an-fwering the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be fupplied and .made good out of any the monies arifing into the exchequer, by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this ad, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the commiflioners of the trcafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurcr for the time being, shall dire&apd apply the fame accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

An aR for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	E* >'our Majtfifs mofi dutiful and loyalfubjeRs, the commons

VV of Great Britain in parliament ajimbled, towards raising the necejfary fupplies to defray your Majefty's publick expenses* have freely and voluntarily rejolved to give and grant wtto your Majesty, the rates, duties, find impofuions, herein after-mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enafted\ and be it .cnadted by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament attembled, and by the authority of the same. That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and refpedive rates, duties, and impofitions, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder, and perry, which.in. and by one ad of parliament patted in the twenty seventh year of the Malt a& of reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An fur^e^contU f0r cmtlHUUl& an(i tra**mg to his Mojejiy certain duties upon nued to**”	mum> <ydcr* a*dperry, for the service of the year one thou-

juae, r7$». fond seven hundred and fifty four; were granted or continued to his laid late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five and which by one other ad made and patted in the twenty eighth year of hi* faid late

Majefty $

19?

176<fc‘J	Anno primo Georgii III. c.

Majcfly's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, wndl the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fifty fix; and which by one other aA made and pafled in the twenty ninth year of his faid late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twcuty fourth day of June, one thou&nd fcven hundred and fifty feven; and which by one other aA made and pafled in the thirtieth year of his faid late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majefty; until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and which by one other aA made and pafled in the thirty first year of his faid late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued, to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thouland seven hundred and fifty nine; and which by one other act made and pafled in the thirty fecend year of his laid late Majefty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth . day of June, one thouland seven hundred and fixty; and which by one other aA made and pafled in the thirty third year of his faid late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thouland seven hundred and sixty one; shall be further continued in like -manner, and shall be and are by this aA charged for and upon all malt which shall be made, and all mum which shall be made and imported, and all cyder and perry which shall be made for fale, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the tdwhuof Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the twenty third day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and before tne twenty fourth day of June, one thoufana seven hundred and sixty two.

II.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid. That within and throughout that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there dull be raifed, levied, colleAed, paid, and fatisfied, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder, and perry, the several and refye&ive rates, duties, and impofitions herein after* mentioned ; that is to fay.

For and upon every bu(hel of malt, which at any time or Malt in Scot. times, from and after the twenty third day of June, one thou- iand to pay fand seven hundred and sixty one, and before the twenty fourth 3d./*r bufael. day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any person or persons whatfo-cver (whether the fame shall be or not be for fale) the sum of three pence; and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpeAively.

For every barrel of mum, which at any time or times, from Mum 10s.per and after the said twenty third day of June, one thousand seven barrel, hundred and sixty one, and before the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be paa'de or imported within that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

tg8	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 3.	[1760*

 the sum of ten shillings, over and above all duties payable for the fame.

Cyder and For all cyder and petty, which at any time or timfcs, from ^r^alemadC ^ after the said twenty third day of Juney one thousand (even p*r hogfhead. hundred and sixty one, and before the said twenty fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall t* made for fale within that part of Great Britain called Scotland (over and above all other duties payable for cyder and perry made and fold by retail) the sum of four (hillings for every nog* (head; and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity, to b$ paid by the refpeftive first buyers or retailers thereof.

How thefe Which faid several and relpeftive duties, by this aft granted duties are to and continued refpeftively, (nail be raifed, levied, collcfted, and be railed, &c. paid unto his Majesty, nis heirs, and fucceflbrs, during the time and term aforesaid, by the fame ways, means, and me. thods, and by fiich rules and directions, and with (uch and the like allowances and repayments proportionably, and under (uch penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of mitigation, and other powers, in all jefpoftt, not otherwift direfted by this aft, as are preferibed, mentioned, or exprefied, in the said former aft, or in any other aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the duties by them, or any of them, granted or continued; and that the fame aft formerly made and pafled, and the said other afts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and every article, rule, chruftr, matter, and thing, in them, and every or any of them contaihed, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not other-wife altered by this aft, shall be and continue in foil force and effeft, to all intents and purpofes, for raifing, levying, collecting, (ecuring, and accounting for the rates, duties, and impo-fitions, hereby granted and continued refpeftively, and for levying and recovering the penalties and forfeitures, and making any mitigations and proportional allowances, and all other mat* ters and things, during the continuance of this aft, as folly as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the body pf this present aft.

III.	And whereas it is the true intent and meaning of this present ally That the full and entire fum of twenty thousand pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, clear of all charges and expenses of management and colleftiony /hall be raised out of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervtce of the year one thousand ft-pen hundred and sixty oney by toe faid duties upon mum, cydery and perry, to be charged there, as aforefaidy and by a malt tax to be raised and levied as in England, by a duty of three pence per bujhel on all malt made and confirmed in Scotland; and in cafe the said duties upon mumy cyder, and perry, and the said duty of three pence per bvjhel upon malty to be charged in Scotland, by virtue of this fifty being duly furveyed and collcftedy Jhall not be fufficient effectually to raise and anfwer thf faid fum of twenty thousand pounds in

nett

1760/J Anno prime Georgii III. c. 3.	199

gett money, after all charges and deductions whatfoever, that fuels deficiency /ball be made good by a furcharge to be made upon all makers of malt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in proportion to, the malt they jball refpeflively make between the twenty third day one thousand seven hundred andfixty one, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; be ,	.

it therefore enadted by the authority aforesaid, That after the ^^°inScot-twenty fourth day of June, orle thousand seven hundred and land, sixty two, in cafe it shall appear to the commifiioners of excife for the time being, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the said duties upon mum, cyder, and perry, and upon malt made in Scotland*, by this aft granted as aforesaid, shall not bt Efficient to anfwer the clear fum of twenty thousand pounds as aforefaid; then, and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said laft-mentioned commifiioners of excife,7 and the officers under them, to make a proportional furcharge upon all and every the person and persons who shall have made any malt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the year end-ing.the twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, orfo much money, by way of additional duty upon all the malt made by such person or persons refpe&ively, a& shall make good such person or persons proportional part of luch deficiency ; which faid furcharges shall be paid to the re-fpe&ive colle&ors of the said duties on malt, by the refpedtive persons on whom the fame shall be fo made, within one month after the lame shall be fo furcharged; or in default thereof the refpe&ive person or persons who shall negleft or refufe to make filch payment, shall forfeit treble the fum upon him, her, or them refpedlively furcharged as aforefaid; to be recovered in such madner as the duty of three pence per bufhel may be recovered by virtue of this ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament herein before recited or referred unto; which faid furcharge by way of additional duty, for making good the deficiency of the said fum of twenty thousand pounds (if any such deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and fettled as fol-	'

loweth; that is to fay. As the particular quantity of malt made by each such malfter or maker of malt in Scotland within the said year, ending the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall bear proportion to the whole quantity of malt made in Scotland within the fame year, fo the particular furcharge to be made upon such particular malfier or maker of malt, for or towards making good the said deficiency, shall bear proportion to the whole Turn which shall be found to be fo deficient as aforesaid.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared by the autho- Sw-piug to be rity aforesaid. That if the said rate of three pence per bu(hel added to the shall produce a greater fum than the said fum of twenty thou- Series, &c. fand pounds, clear of all charges of management, the furpluf-age fo produced, over and above the said clear fum of twenty thousand pounds, shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the filheries, and such other manufactures

This aft to relate to the fame day and; time as the aft Geo. II. did.

Malt brought from Scotland by fea, to be entered at the port of landing;

Brought by land,to be entered at Berwick or CarHHe.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.	[1-7&0.

 and improvements in Scotland* as may moft cobducMCMfet general good of the united kingdom, and to no other nfe, intent, or purpofe whatfoevcr; in such manner as directedby. on aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late mincfty King George the First, intituled. An act for emouragh%> mat'promoting fi/heries, and other manufaftures and improvements in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V.	And it is hereby declared and enafted, That in all cafes where the herein before recited aft of the twenty, seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, did relate to any day or time within the year, which commenced from the twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, this present aft doth and shall relate to the like day and time within the year, commenced from the said twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore, faid. That all malt made in Scotland, not to be contained there, which at any time or times between the twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall in cafe the fame be brought by fea, be entered with the officer for the said duties of the port where the famb shall be fo brought into England, Wales, or the town.of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid 5 and the sum of fix pence pen bufhel for the duties thereof, shall be paid to such officer before landing thereof, unlefs a certificate from the proper officer be produced^ that it hath paid the said duty of three pence per bufhel in Scot* land; and if such certificate be produced, then there fhaH be paid no more than three pence per bufhel, by virtue of this;aft* far such malt fo brought into England; and in cafe the fame shall be thought by land, such malt shall pafs and be carried hyand through the towns of Berwick or Carlijle, and there entered with the officer for the said duties in such of the said towns, by pr through which such malt shall be fo carried; and the like duty of fix pence per bufhel for the fame shall be paid down in ready money, unlefs such certificate be produced as aforesaid ; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than three pence per bufhel, by virtue of this aft, on pain of forfeiting all such malt, or the value thereof, as shall be landed or put on fhore, or brought into England without such entry or payment of duties as aforesaid : and in cafe any malt made in Scotland fhall, during the said term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by land, by or beyond the towns before-mentioned, without entry or payment or the duties thereof, then all such malt, or the value thereof, shall bo forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife, for his Majesty's ufe; one moiety of the aforesaid forfeiture to be and go to the King's majefty, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall inform, feize or fue for the. fame, cur the value thereof j and to be recovered*and levied by such ways,

means?

201

ipfkx] Anno primo Georgii HI. c. 3.

meana* and methods, as anv penalties and forfeitures are by this or any the former adts, relating to the malt duties, to be re-oovered and Jcvied j or by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, plaint* or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weftmmfter, wherein no enoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Cyder for di-(hall extend to charge with the (aid four (hillings per hoglhead filing not bythis adt laid on cyder and perry, any cyder or perry fold to chaiEca «• anydiftiller or maker of ftrong waters, tor such cyder or perry

at shall be ufed for diftilling only; any thing in this alt, or any former adt, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Diftiller to That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- notice to fand seven hundred and sixty one, all and every diftiller or dif- hedSiU cy-t&ers that shall receive any quantity of cyder or perry into his, do-, y~ her, or their cuftody, shall give notice in writing to the proper

officer, under whofe furvey any such diftiller shall refide, forty eight hours before he, (he, or they, shall begin to put any quantity whatfoever of the same into any (till or (tills to be drawn into low wines or fpirits; and if any such diftiller or diftillers shall negledt or omit to give such notice, or if it shall appear that any quantity whatfoever of such cyder or perry hath been difpofed of, or made ufe of, by any such diftiller or diftillers, in Any other way, but in diftillation only, he, (he, or they, shall reflectively forfeit and lofe the sum of five pounds; which faid uwt> of five pounds shall be fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such ways and means, as any penalty or fine for Any offence committee by any person or persons againft any of the laws of excife can or may be fued for, levied, recovered* and mitigated, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjier; and that one moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and	w

fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or per-fops as will profecute, inform, or fue for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Allowances from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thou- for exporta-fand feyep hundred and sixty one* there (hau be allowed tption °* malt# malfters and makers of malt for exportation, for every twenty quarters of barley, or other corn or grain that shall be entered

and made into malt for exportation, in cafes where by law any bounty is allowable on the exportation of malt, an allowance pf thirty quarters, after the fame shall be dried and made into malt, and no more, upon the exportation thereof, though by their fteeping, wetting, or watering the fame, the said twenty quarters shall be run out to any greater quantity exceeding the , faid thirty quarters, according to an adt of parliament mfcde in the first year of the reign of their late majefties King William t w. &M-and Queen Mary, intituled, An at1 for encouraging the exportation of com and in such cafes where, by the aforesaid adt of

parliament*

202	Anno	primo Georgii HL c. g;	[1766,

parliament, they are infilled to the fame? and ft) in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity.

On certificate X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeM, That of maltbeing from and after the said twenty fourth day of J*ne9 one thoufattd fecm^^al- ^eircn hundred and sixty one, if any perion or perfon* who (hail lowance tso'be export any malt into foreign parts, shall produce a certificate paid.	certificates	from the officer or officers, with whom the entry pf

the corn or grain intended to have been made into auk. mall have been made, of the particular fam or Amu of money that such person or persons is or are intitled to receive, according*to the aforesaid allowance of thirty quarters of malt for every twenty quarters of corn or grain, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity, that mail have been entered to be male into malt for exportation (which certificates the laid officers are hereby upon demand required to give gratis) and upon fisch peffon or persons giving fumdent security before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of malt which shall be Intended to be exported as aforefeid, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain (which security the cuftomer or cdledtor of the port where the fame is intended to be exported, is hereby directed and authorized to take in his Majesty's name, and to his ' Majesty's ufe) then the collector or chief officer of the port where such malt shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof, a certificate or debenture directed to the proper person or persons by whom the said allowance by the aforesaid a& of parliament, is directed to be paid; which certificate or debenture being produced to such person or persons, he is hereby, required to pay such allowance to the persons, or their agents, fo 'exporting the fame;

Penalty on re- XL Provided always, That if after the (hipping of any such landing* malt to be exported, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the aforesaid allowance, the malt fo (hipped to be exported, or any pan thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's ufe, all the malt which shall be relandcd, and treble the value thereof, shall be forfeited 5 that is to fay. One moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall feize, inform, or foe for tbe fame.

XII.	And whereas maljlersy or makers of malt for exportation, do frequently mix the produce of tu& or more Jieepings of com or grain^ that have been entered to be made into malt for exportation, on or as foon as it comes off from the kiln, by reafon whereof the off ficersfor the duties on malt cannot afeertain the real produce thereof; by which means great quantities of each fleeping of such malt are or may be privately conveyed away9 and made ufe of for home confump-tiony though the fame has not been changed with the duty, as all malt Malt Keeping made for home confumption ought tr be \ be it ena&ed by the au-for exporta- thority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty fourth

day



1760.] Anno prkno Georgji III. c. 3.	203

dayof	Jmv,one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all and tiontobekepi

every malfter or malfters, maker or makers of mak for exp or-

tition, shall keep the whole and entire quantity of his, her, or m urM‘

their 00m or grain making into malt far exportation, of one

deeping or wetting, when the fame shall be on the kiln, or after

the fame shall be taken off the kiln, feparate and apart from

all and every part of any other former keeping or wetting of

com or grain, until the fame shall have been meafured by fuch

rubbers or makers of malt, in the prefence of feme officer or

officers for the duty upon malt, on pain of forfeiting and lofing

the ium of fifty pounds.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, maider* to That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June* one give notice to thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all such malfters, or officer*, &c. makers of malt for exportation, full give notice in writing to

feme officer or officers of the duties upon malt, or shall leave notice in writing at the next office of excife where the journal is kept, of the hour when he, (he, or they shall intend to take uy malt off the kiln or kilns, that such officer or officers may attend the meafuring of such malt; and after such malt has been meafured, the fame shall be immediately carried on fhipboard, if intended to be then exported; or elfe shall be immediately locked up and fecured in fotne ftorehoufe, or other place, belonging to such malfters, or makers of malt, in the prefence of the said officer or officers, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That from and after the said twenty fourth day or June, one opening the thousand seven hundred and sixty one, if any such malfter or lock,» *c* malfters, or maker or makers of malt, or any other person or

perfbns whatfoever, by his order, privity, or directions, after pny keeping or making of malt shall have been locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or other place or places, in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the locks or doors, or shall mako any way or kind of entrance into such ftorehoufe, or other {dace or places, or shall remove any part whatfoever of the partition between any such ftorehoufe or place, or any other place or places whatfoever, next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said ftorehoufe, or other place, any quantity whatfoever of the malt that has been fo locked up and fecured, without the knowledge and confent of, or without first havipg given notice to, fome officer or officers for the said duties, he, (he, . or they, shall refpeClively forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV.	And the better to enable the officers for the duties upon Malfters, cm malt, to difeover whether all such malt made for exportation, *♦ June,i76r, and that has been locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or cjear out of other place or places, to be exported, has been really exported;

belt enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every such within fiiteea malfter or malfters, maker or makers of malt, that on the said month*. Vventy fourth day of Junt, one thousand seven hundred and„

Anno primo GeoRgii III. c/3.	[1760.

fixty one, shall have any quantity of inalt locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or any other place or places, as is before di-re&ea to be exported, (hall, within fifteen months next after the laid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, remove and clear out of his ftorehoufe, or other place or places, all and every part and parcel thereof, that at any time after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and sixty one, shall be locked up and fecti-red in such ftorehoufe, or other place, in order to be exported; and shall always, from time to time, in every fifteen months, remove arid clear out of such ftorehoufe, or other place or places, in order to be exported, all and every part and parcel of malt, that at any time within every fifteen months after the last clearing, shall be locked up and fecured in any ftorehoufe, or in any other place or places that shall be made ufe of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of malt for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the mm of fifty pounds.

And fo all fu. XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrcfaid, ture matters. That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all and every person or persons whatfoever, that shall become malfters, or makers of malt for exportation, and shall make ufe of any ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, place or places, for the keeping of mak for exportation, (hall, within fifteen months after the beginning to make ufe of any such ftorehoule or ftorehoufes, or such other place or places, remove and clear out of such places, to be exported, all and every part and parcel of such malt, that at any tithe or limes shall have been put into such place or places, within fifteen months after he, (he, or they lhall have begun to make ufe of such place or places; and shall always, from time to time, remove and clpar out of such ftorehoufe, or other place, to be exported, , all and every quantity of malt whatfoever, that within every fifteen months after the last clearing shall at any time be locked up and fecured in such ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, ox. in any other place or places thn shall be made ufe of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of malt made for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the sum of fifty pounds. Claufes in aft XVII. And whcreasbya claufein an adt of parliament made in 11 Annas, the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intitpled. An act for granting to her Majesty duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets loft, burnt, or deftroyedi and for enlarging the time forad-jlifting claims in several lottery afts, and to punijb the counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders; and for explaining a late aft in relation to flamp duties on cuftomary eftates which pafs by deed and copy; it was enadted, That if any malfter or maker of malt for fale, during * the continuance of the duties on malt by the said adt granted,

' should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the ciftem, uting-fat, or couch, any corn fteeping or ftceped in order to the making into malt, every such malfter or maker of malt for fal#

fhould,

2

1760.] #Anno prime Georgii III. c. 3.	205

(hould, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of two (hillings and fix pence for every bufhel of corn {leeping or deep-,ed that (hould be fo preffed, trodden, rammed, or forced: and whereas by one other clause in an ad of parliament pafled in the & 6 Geo. 1. sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fird, intituled. An act for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms^Jiamp duties, pojl office, and koufe money; it was enabled and declared, That if, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and .twenty, any corn in any cidern or uting-fat deeping or deeped in oraer to the making thereof into malt by any malder or maker of malt (other than compounders for the duty on malt)

. was or (hould be found fo hard, clofe, and compact, as it could not be, unlefs the fame had by fome means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and fwelling thereof, every malder ana maker of malt (other than compounders for the duty on malt) where the fame (hould be fo found, (hould, in every such cafe, forfeit and lofe the sum of two (hillings and fix pence per bulhei for every bufhel of such com deeping or deeped which Ihould be found fo hard, clofe, and compad, as aforefaid;

. which faid recited claufes have been duly continued, and arc flil] in force: and whereas by the lad-recited claufe, no penalty is provided where corn deeped, in order to the making thereof into malt, shall be found in the couch fo hard, clofe, and com-. pad, as it could not be, unlefs the fame frad by fome means or , other been forced together to prevent the rifing and fwelling thereof; and the penalties provided by the fore-mentioned .claufes have, by experience, been found ineffectual to prevent , the fraudulent practice of preffing, treading, ramming, or other- .v .wife forcing together in the cidern, uting-fat, or couch, the 'corn or grain deeping or deeped in order to the making thereof into malt, to the prejudice of his Majedy's revenue, and discouragement of the fair traders; be it therefore enaCtcd and declared by the authority aforesaid. That from and after thetwen- 5*. bufhel ty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty penalty on all one, if any corn or grain in any cidern, uting-fat, or couch, com ileeping, fteeping, or deeped, in order to the making thereof into malt or Jl^Pfd tor . by any .malder or maker of malt (other than compounders for ™alfbe found tbe duty on malt) is or shall be found fo hard, clofe, and com- in the cittern paft, as it could not be, unlefs the fame had by fome means or couch, fo or other been forced together to prevent the rifing and fwelling hardandcom-thcreof, every malder and maker of malt (other than com- {£uidnotbe pounders for tbe duty on malt) where the fame shall be fo unlefs the ibund, {hall, in every such cafe, forfeit and lofe the sum of five fame had been (hillings for every bumel of such corn or grain deeping or deep- f?rced t0Se-ed, which {hall be found fo hard, clofe, and compad, as afore- vent therl-faid; and proof being made thereof, the fame shall be deemed ling, condufive evidence of the fad, and {hall fubjed the malder .or maker of malt to the aforesaid penalty of five {hillings per budiej.

XVIII.

ao6

Anno primo GeorgiJ III, c. 3.	[1760.

XVIII.	And whereas many or meters of malty do fraudu-

lently convey away from the ciflern, uting-Jat, or other wetting plan or uttnjils, JleepingSy or part of(tttpings of corn or grain making into	,

and,mix such com or grain,	Jo with and amugft couches

or floors of other com or grain making into , which-are then depending and in operation, that have been gauged or charged with the duty in the couch; and in cafe the officer bat taken his gauge of the torn or grain, fteeping'in the ciflern,	or other wetting

place jorutenfil, such malflers or makers of malt, fiepply the deficiency with frejh barley or other tom or grain, in the abfence and without the privity of the officer, in order to prevent a difcovery of such tom or grain having been conveyed away; andfuch com or grain Jo conveyed away and mixt, by an artful and fraudulent manner of working, ftldom is charged with any duty in the floor; which praftiet is greatly detrimental to the revenue and fair traders: for remedy thereof) 100 L penalty it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, That from and on fraudulent-after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-Jy conveying dred and sixty one, if any malfter or maker of malt shall fraud u-ciftern any lentty convey away, or caufe or procure, or permit or differ to Keeping of be conveyed away from the ciftern, uting-fat, or other wetting corn, and place or utenfil, any deeping, or part of any deeping of com or mixing the grain making into malt; and shall mix such com or grain focon-ottrer'com veycd away with and amongd any such couch or couches, floor charged with or floors of other com or grain making into malt, which are the duty in then depending and in operation, and which have been gauged the couch j or charged with the duty in the couch; or if any malfter or W conveying1" ma^er ma^» ^all fraudulently convey away, or caufe or pro-the fame away, cure, or permit or fuffer to be conveyed away, from the cidern, fo that no uting-fat, or other wetting place or utenfil, any deeping or part gauge of such ©f any deeping of corn or grain making into malt, fo that no tXenin the gauge f°ch corn or grain fo conveyed away can be taken in couch. the couch by the officer; then, and in each of the said cafes, every such malder and maker of malt fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

Penalties how XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be recover- That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, for any offences againd *4.	this aifl, shall be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated,

by the fame ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture given by any of the laws of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, can or may be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any law or laws of excife, or byadion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fVeflminfler; and that one moiety of such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be to the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

Buyers of cy- XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That node or perry thing in this ad contained shall extend, or be condrued to ex-vaw ufe not ten<*« t0 charge any perfoti or perfbns with the duty upon cyder to be ebarged. or perry, such person or persons buying the fame for his or their

private

1760.3	Anno primo Georgii III. C. 3.	207

private ufe only, and not being a dealer or dealers in cyder of perry, or a retailer or retailers thereof.

XXL And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Perfons felling That every person or persons whatfoever, who (hall, after the ^ twenty fiftn day of Morcb> one thousand seven hundred and §cc^j sixty one, fell any quantity of cyder or perry, or either of them, tailers. in lets quantity than twenty gallons at a time, wliether the fame be made from fruit of his, her, or their own growth, or from bought fruit, shall be deemed and taken to be a dealer in cyder and perry, and a retailer thereof, and shall be fubjed and liable to the doty of four (hillings per hogfhead for such quantity of cyder and perry fo fold, over and above all other duties payable for cyder and perry fold by retail; and that every dealer in, and retailer of, cyder and periy, and other person and persons recei-ving into his, her, or their cuftody or cuftodics, any quantity of cyder and perry, or either or them, for fale, and every person and persons who shall buy any fruit to make into cyder or perry*, or either of them, for fale, shall make a true and particular entry in writing of the several and refpedive ftorehoufes, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other place and places by him, her, or them, refpedively made ufe of for the making and keeping of cyder and perry, or either of them, at the office of excife, within the compafs or limits whereof such refpedive ftorehoufes, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other place or places shall be (ituated, on pain of forfeiting the (urn of fifty pounds for every such ftore-boufe room, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall be made ufe of by any such dealer or retailer , receiver or maker refpedively, without making foch entry thereof as aforefaid5 and that all duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ad hnpofed, shall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any duty, fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of fecord at Wejlminjier \ and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that shall difeover, inform, or fue for tne fame; and if any person or persons shall at any time be fued for any thing done by him, her, or them, in purfuance of this ad, he and they shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad for his or their defence; and if upon the trial averdid shall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall be nonfoited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts to him, her, or them awarded, againft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXII.	And it is hereby also enaded, That there shall be Claufe of loan provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of at percent, the exchequer one book or regifter, in which all the orders for money payable by this ad shall be entered and regiftered; and Ihcat it mall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons,

natives

208	Anno	primo	Georgii	III. c. 3.	[1 j6o:

natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the said receipt, upon credit of the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder and pevTy, by this adt granted, any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred and fifty thou fand pounds; which lenders shall have interest for their forbearance of their refpedttve loans, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per an-num. To as such loans be allowed to be made by the commiffion-ers of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiT-fioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifluc their warrants for that purpofe, as faft as such loans shall be wanted for the publick fervice; the laid interest to be paid every three months from the making of such loans, until iatisfadtion of the principal Turns refocdtively; and that no money fo to be lent, shall be rated or aflefled to any tax or af-Tallies of	feffment whatfoever;	and that	every such lender shall i	aimedi-

loan to be	ately have a tally of	loan ftruck for the money by him,	her, or

ftruck, See, them lent, and an order of the same date for repayment thereof, with such interest as	aforefaid;	and that all such orders	(hail be

Orders rein-	regiftered in courfe	according	to their dates; and all	perfons

fiered and paid thereupon shall be paid in courfe as their orders shall (bend rein courfe. giftered, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, whofe order shall be first regiftered, shall be accounted the person or persons to be first paid, and fo fucceflively in courfe5 and that the monies to come in by this adt, of the said duties, shall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfaftion of the said refpe&ive persons, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns fucceffiyely, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or No fee for re- purpofe whatfoever} and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, di-giftering. See. redtly or indiredtly, be demanded or taken for providing or making any fuchbooks or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as a-forefaid, bv any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or u the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to forfeit his place also ; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party aggrieved, and be forejudged of his place or office 5 and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredlion or privity of his tnafter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and shall be for ever incapable of his place Penalty for or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not diredt, undue prefe- or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment, fence.	accord-

1760.] Anno primo GeoRGH HI. c. 3.	209

according to each perfon's due place and order, as before directed ; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the re-fpedtive deputies or clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such altion, debt, damages, and cods, in such manner as afore-faid: all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cods, to be incurred by apy the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by a&ion ot debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majedy's courts of record at IVeftm'tnfler ; wherein no effoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, injun&ion, or order of redraint, shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

XXIII.	Provided always. That if it shall happen that several No undue tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, preference, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be where tallies regidered, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference, bJouht^he which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all thfefame fam/day 1 day.

XXIV\ Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any Noriffubfe-undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if quent orders the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the be paid before tellers do pay fubfequent orders to persons that come and dc- demanded mand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons jn Courfe. who did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be so much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for them ; intcreft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every person Ordewaffign-and persons to whpm any money shall be due for loans by vir- able.

tue of this ad, after order entered in the book of regifter aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of affignment to be indorfed on his, her, or their order, may aflign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regiftry as aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make)

(hall intitle such affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such affignee may, in like manner, aflign again, and fo Mies queries; and afterwards it shall not he in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such af-fignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXVI.	And, to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be railed, either by such loans as aforesaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills, as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publiek service ; be it further provided and cnadted by the authority a*

Vpj.. XXIII.	P	forefaid.

Bills to bear interest at 41, per cont. per ann.

2to	Anno	primo GeorgU III. c.3.	{17^0*

Commiflion- ferefaid. Tbit in cafe the commifliontrs of his Majesty's trea-> ers of the trea- fmryf or any three or more of them now being, or the high. edTo^prepare treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the any number treasury for the time being, shall judge it more advisable to. .of one com- rajfe the said fum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds,' mon fum, or ^ any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inroad of such loans as. in th™prind-* ^oraaid, that then they refpe&ively are hereby authorized and pal monies, impowered at any time or times, at once, of by such prepoiv tions at a time, as they refpeAively shall find to be mod for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or cavtfe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and forat as they or he shall think mod fafo and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum, or differ rent futns, in the principal monies, fo that in cafe there fhalL be no loans made, then all the principal fums to be contained in the (hid bills to be made forth by this a&, shall not exceed seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds ; and in cafe any fuoh loans shall be made as afotefaid, then all the principal fums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this atoga-* ther with such loans fo made, shall not exceed the said fum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ad by the authority afore-laid, That the (aid bills to be prepared ana made in purftoaneo of this a&, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and proportionally far any greater or lefs fum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedtively; neverthelefs the said interest shall be abated and faved upon luch of the (aid bills to be made forth by this ad* as shall it any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or ih the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues wbatfoever, payable** his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, during such time and times refpe&ively, as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt* or in such hands or power as aforesaid.	>*;?

XXVIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed. That all the said bills, fit to be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, be* arithmetically, ginning with N° I. and fo proceeding in an arithmetical progpetV fion, afeending, wherein the common excefs or difference,(hall always be one, and shall be regiftered accordingly, fi> that the principal fum to be contained in every such bill (after repayment of the loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or referring money fuffidept for that purpofe) may regularly be paid off, and difcharged m courfe, according to the number of every such hill, as it ihali (land in the said regifter; and that the interest upon aU aiftl every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this a6t; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorled, printed, or writteB* ki words at length, or in fi|ures, the fum, after which theprind-pal to be contained therein shall be payable in such couefe, as

afomfaid*

Thefe bills to be numbered

211

1760.] Anno prjmo Georoii III. c. 3,

aforefaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this alt.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Treafury to aforesaid, That in cafe the said fum, not exceeding seven hun- of* a dred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be railed partly by loans, mentfor loan* and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers before or exchequer given by this ad * that then, and in such cafe, it shall and may bills, be lawful to and for the commifiioners of his Mqjefty's treasury,

Or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as often as they (hall, by virtue of the said powers, dired any such loans to be taken, or any such exchequer bills to be made out, at the fame time also to dircd and appoint the courfe and order in which such loans and exchequer bills shall (land upon the said regifter, and after what fum they Audi rtfpcdivdy begin to be payable in courfe, out of the monies Srifing by this ad, fo as no fubfequent loans or exchequer bill*be made to alter the courfe at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills, at the time of taking in, or making out, fitch prior loans or exchequer bills * any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. *

XXX.	And it is hereby further enaded. That all the said and to appoint bills shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, or cheques. Stc. counterfoils, as shall be direded by the cpmmifiioncrs of the

taeafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treasury for the time being; and that the person or persons appointed, or who shall be appointed to pay off the said bills in courfe* (hall, from time to time* have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this ad, from which the (aid bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or .their being impofed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers or contradors for exchanging or circulating the Jaid bills, or such of them as shall be current, (hall, from time to time, have the ufe and cuftody of one other part of all the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, from which the fame shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being impofed upon by any counterfeit or fbtged bills ) and that all the said parts of the said cheques, in--dents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer when the said bills to be tnade forth by virtue of this ad shall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged.

XXXI.	And it is hereby enaded. That the said commif- The bills to

loners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, be placed ag and the said high treafurer, or any three or more of the com; 21hullr Wiiffioncrs of. the treasury for the time being, (hall, and they are ”	<*ue*#

hereby refpedivdy authorized and impowered to caufe such biUs

as fltall be prepared by virtue of this ad, to be placed as fo smith cafti in the refptdive offices of the toilets of the said receipt ok exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be fe-

P 2	verally

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.

verally charged with the proportion of the said bills, which shall * be To placed in his office refpedively j any law or ufage to- the* contraiy notwithdanding.	•	•	-

XXXII.	And-be it further enadcd by the authority afore--Und'tax'a™ That all the said bills to be iffued as aforesaid, lhall be relating to ' current in like manner, and with such privileges and advantages, exchequer and fubjed to such rules and duedions, as are prefcribcd and *£!en<l* enaded by an ad of this present session of parliament, intituled, c to is.	jor grant'ing an ajj t0 fa Majejly by a land tax, to be raijei

in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand fevtn hurt-dred andfixty one, for or concerning the'exchequer bills* thereby authorized to be made forth j and that all and every theclaufe* and provifoes in the said lad-mentioned ad relating tothe currency, exchanging, or receiving the fame lad-mentioned exchequer bills, by any publick receivers of aids, taxes, 4ir fop* plies, or in his Majedy's receipt of the exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the fame bills,

6r for making out new bills in the room of such as shall be filled up with indorsements, lod, burnt, defaced, or otherwise do* droyed, or for making out exchequer bills of fivethou&nd pounds each, or for making out exchequer bills, without bearingrivite-red, or for making them afterwards to *bear an infected, or a higher or lower rate of intered, from time to time, a6 the coiv* tradors shall agree to, or for preventing any xnifapplication of the fund on which the fame are charged, or any -other misbehaviour of any officers concerned in the receiving, iffuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling, the fame lad-mefuionedex-chequer bills, or for enabling the commiflioners of the trea&uy, or the high treasurer for the time being, tocontrad, from time to time, with any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for paymeut of the intered of, or exchanging for ready money on demand, the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be iffued, at a rate or premium not exceeding four pouado per centum per annum, or for preventing any difabilUics in fuoh contradors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts, on account of such contrads, or for appointing a paymaster or paymaders for paying off or cancelling the fame exchequer bills in due courfe and order, shall be extended, and condrurd, to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this ad authorized to be made forth, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in.pur-fuance of the said ad for granting an aid to his Majesty by* a land tax, as amply, fully, and effedually, to all intents, and purpofes, as if the fame claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded verbatim in this ad.

XXXIII.	And9 to the end the fame bills, or fo many of them, as /hall, from time to time, remain undifcharged, may the better obtain a currency for such time as they, or any of them, are hereby intended te be current $ be it further enaded by the authority afcrehid. How the mo- That the money which lhall, from time to time, arife at the pie* anting by faid receipt of the exchequer, of or for tke rates or duties by *hrs U^appliS^1 a<^ granted, (hall, from time to time* as the fame fhalj, arife at.

213

1780.]) Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.

the said receipt, be iflued and applied at the said receipt for or towards paying off and difeharging the orders of loan, for the monies which shall have been lent at the said receipt, aud for fa-j ttefyiftg the ititereft thereof, in such courfe, manner, and form,' aft'are Wore in this aft preferibed and appointed for that pur-pofe uhtil fell the principal and interest payable upon such orders of loan* shall be fully latisfied, or fufficient money shall be re-fe^vedin the exchequer for the full payment and fatisfaftion of* the fame, or the monies which (hall, from time to time, arife at the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the (aid rates anddu-' tkst^ by this aft granted, (hall, from time to time, as the fame Audi arife at the said receipt, be iflued to such paymafter by way of dmpreft and upon account, for or towards paying off or dif-cbarginglhe feid exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this aft, in such courfe as aforesaid, and for oe 'towards the charge of circulating and exchanging the fame billsi or any of them, and for or towards such other payments te'are'fti and by this aft direfted or allowed to be made or dif-charged out of the same, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever.

"XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Treafury on. (aid. That on the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand *9 Sept* 176** seven hundred and sixty two, or within ten days after, the com- t0 take an ac-miflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now ^onies°raifcd befog, or the high treafurer, or any three or more pf the com- and difeharg-mMioners of the treasury for the time being, shall caufe a true ed. aod perfoft account in writing to be taken and attefted by the proper officers, of all the monies which shall have been raised by loans, or by exchequer bills, or by any or either of thofe ways or means, for or towards the said fum, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by this aft intended to be YaUcd, as aforesaid, and how much thereof (hall, before that time, have been paid off or difeharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undifeharged, upon the said orders of loan and exchequer bills refpeftively, or upon any or either of them; which • account shall be publickly affixed in the office of the auditor of the rtceipt in the said exchequer.

v XXXV.' And it is hereby enafted and declared by the *u- Unfatisfied thbrity aforesaid. That the monies fo remaining unfatisfied, or monies to be nut discharged, with the interest due or to grow due for the fame, Paid ou*

(hall be paid and fatisfied out of the next aid or aids to be grant- next ed in* parliament, after the said twenty ninth day of September, one thoUfand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall be tranf-ferred thereunto, as foon as such aid or aids shall be granted; aittHF no fueh aid or aids shall be granted, whereunto such un- or out of the fatisfied monies shall be transferred, before the twenty fourth finking fund, defy of Mdtck, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then the monies fo remaining unfatisfied and undifeharged upon the (bid orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, with the Hrtdrefr due or to grow due for the fame, shall be and are hereby changed ami chargeable upon such monies, as at any time or ‘ '	?	3	times

214

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. [ifHe*

times shall be or remain in the fame receipt of the furplufies, ex* cefles, overplus monies, and other revenues conipofing the fink** ing fund (except such monies of the said (Inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former adt or a£t$ of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the (aid finking fund shall and may be iflued for fupplying money to the said paymafter, for difeharging the said unfatisned orders of loan or exchequer bills in courfe, as the said commiflioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall dired, until all the principal and intereft, which (hail he or remain due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, mail be fully cleared and paid off, or money fufficient shall be referved for that purpofe; and if at any time or times befdre or after any money of the said rates and duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying intereft, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate, which shall be incurred or grown due by any contradt or contracts to be made by virtue of this aft, for circulating and exchanging the fame bills; that then, and in every fiich cafe, the money 10 wanted shall and may be fupplitd out of the monies of the said fund, commonly called The finking fund (except before excepted) and be iflued accordingly, to be replaced XXXVI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority out of thjefirft aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the said fupplies. furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, and othei* revenues com-poling the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-standing.

Deficiency of XXaVII. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer kills, Geo Thot?ip ma^e u?on an^in Pwfuanee of an act of parliament of the thirty fecund be fuppUed. 9 Jear °f rekn ?/ k*s ^te majejly King George the Second, for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, fill remain undifeharged, for want of fufficient money arifing by the said duties being come into the exchequer, to fatisfy and difebarge the fame, and it is uncertain bow much thereof the monies arifing by the said act will be able to anfwer and difebarge 5 be it further ena&ed by the authority aforclaid. That if the money arifen or to arife into the exchequer, for or on account of the said duties, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, which shall be m the year of our Lord one thousand fevep hundred and sixty one, shall not hefufficient-to difehargethe whole principal and interest due <or to grow due, upon the several orders of loan or exchequer bills, made upon and in purfuance of the (aid adV, that then so much iponey as lhall then appear to be wanting and deficient for an-fwering the* purposes aforesaid, shall and may be fupplied and made good out of any the monies arifing into the exchequer, by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this adf, or any other mooics or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the fervice

of

. |?6p<] Annoprimo GeqRGII III. 0,4,5.	215

pf the year one thousand seven hundred and flxty ones and the cpmmiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being* shall direlt and apply the fame accordingly j any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided nevertbejefe, and be it further enabled. Arrears of That all the monies which, from and after the said twenty fifth forme* duties day pf Marcb> one thousand seven h^idred and sixty one, (hajl ?• apid may happen to come and be paid into the receipt of his	1

ajesfty'a exchequer, for arrears upon the said duties upon granted for t, mum, cyder, and perry, granted for the service of the the year 1761, year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine (after fatisfying all intcreft, premiums, or rates then due on the said orders of Joan or exchequer bills as aforefaid) shall he iffued and applied in aid of the fupplies that shall be granted to his Majesty, for jrhe faid year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one s any thing in the ad by which the said duties were granted to the con-irary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV*

jin all to continue for a limited time the importation of failed beef pork, and butter, from Ireland.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of Jolted beef prcainbje* porky and butter, from Ireland into this kingdom, bath been found ufeful and beneficial, and that the time allowed for that purr pefe is near expiring; and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be prolonged ; may it therefore pieatc your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enaded 5 and be it ena&ed by the King's tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the ' lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiemblcd, and by the authority of the same, That an a& made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty A&33 Geo. *, King George the Second, intituled. An act to continue for a It- continued to mi ted time the importation offailed beefy porky and butter from Ire- H Dcc* *7*u land; which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fixty, shall be, and the fame is hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

CAP. V.

An act to enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea Company.

WHEREAS the governor and company of merchants of Great p**amble.

Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifberjy have made an humble addrefs to the King's moft excellent majefty, in a general court of the said company , that his Majesty would be gracioufiy pleafed to honour the said ' company with being their governor, whereunto his Majesty being willing to tondeftendy Jome doubts and difficulties have arifenj or mayarifiy

P4	touching

»l$	Anno j*Into'<JEOittni HI. c. &	[rfGa-.

tombing tbe qualifications and duties prefcribed bylaw, or by the char-ter granted to the said company, in relation to tbe governors or the government thereof; For remedy whereof,- be it enadted and declared by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-boons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the autho-Sclaredca a ***? 0 *hc ^arac> That his Majesty shall be capable of being and ble SbS?	governor of the said company, for such time or times

governor 3	.as are prefcribed by the said charter for the continuance of any

and the ad-	governor therein; and that such addrcfs as aforesaid, or any

dreft of the	other addrefs of the said company to be hereafter made in their

company to .general court for the fame purpofe (in cafe his Majesty shall be be a due elec- pleafed to accept of being their governor) (hall, from time to txon•	time, be deemed aqd adjudged to be an eledtion of his Majesty

to be governor of the said company within the true intent and meaning of the said charter, without the forms of balloting, or other methods prefcribed by such charter foi electing the governor of the said company; anything in the said charter to the contrary notwithftanding.

His Majesty II. And it is hereby declared and ena&ed by the authority exempted	aforefaid, That the oaths prefcribed by the said charter, or any

the^fhsof	*aw now in f°rce' anc* ot^er a<^s> matters, or things, nece(-

office;	fary or requifite to qualify a fubjedfc of this realm to be governor

of the said company, shall not be deemed to be neceflary or requifite for his Majesty's qualification, in refpedt of the hud government, nor ftiaR the said oaths be administered to his Majesty ; and that his Majesty in all cafes where any vote is to be toTote^or g*ven> ora&to done by him as governorofthe saidcompany, aft proxy* *nay, 0* his Majesty think fit) by any warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, appoint the fob governor, or deputy governor of the (aid company, to vote or a& for him, or on his behalf; any former law, ftatute, charter, orprovifion, to the contrary notwithftanding*	i

cap. n

An act for punifhmg mutiny and defer t ion-, and for the letter payment of tbe army and their quarters

Preamble. TT7 HEREAS the raiftng or keeping a ftonding army Within „	V V this kingdom in time ofpeace, itnkjs it be with confent of par-

liament, is again/} law: and whereas his Majefiy is engaged in a juft and necessary war againfi France : and whereas it is judged ne-cefjary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Jhould be continued for the fafety of this kingdom, the defence of - thepoffeffions of the crown of Great Britain, and the prefervation of the balance of power in Europe ; and that the whole number of fiuh for us Jhould confsfi offixtyfour thou fan d nine hundred and fiventy one. Number of including four tboufand and eight invalids: and whereas no man can for^ 64-i97 * > be forejudged of life or limb, or fubjefled in time of peace to any kind of %!ooS invalids PUn*fimnt within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner ' thanby the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and efta-blifbed laws of this realm; yet neverthekfi it being requifite for the

re-

tiy

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6.

retainingJktb form in their duty, that an exact difcipline he	,

and that foldiers who /ball mutiny, or flir up /edition,	bis

fs service within this realmy or the kingdom of Ireland, Jerfey,

Gocmfey, Alderney, and Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy puntjbment than the ufualforms of the law will allow; be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the same. That from After <4 and after the twenty fourth day of March one thousand fcven bun- March 1761, dred and sixty one, if any person being muttered, or in pay as during the an officer, or who is, or shall be lifted, or in pay as a foldier, a£CC and on the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven every officer hundred and sixty one, shall remain in such fervice, or shall and private during the continuance of this adt, herein after mentioned, vo- man, luntarily enter himfelf in his Majesty's service as a foldier, (hall, at any time, during such continuance of this adt, within the realm of Great Britain, or in the kingdom of Ireland, or in Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney, or Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, or in the ifland of Minorca, or in his Majesty's garrifon of Gibraltar, or in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the Teas rcfpcdtivcly, begin, excite, caufe, or join in any mutiny or rendition, in the company, troop, or regiment, whereto he doth who shall mu* belong, or in any other compafiy, troop, or regiment, in his or defcrt, Majesty 's fervice, or shall not ufe his utmoft endeavours to fup- Ca prefi the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, or shall defert his Majesty's fervice; or being a foldier adtually lifted in any regiment, troop, or ^ \n any or company, shall lift himfelf in any other regiment, troop, or other regi- * company, without a difeharge produced in writing froqruhe co- ment, See. Jdnel, or, in his abfence, the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, troop, or company, in which he laft lerved as a A lifted loldier; or shall be found (leeping upon his poft, or (hall	*in-

l^ave it before relieved; or if any officer or foldier in his Maje-	or g

lt/s army (hall, either upon land, within or out of Great Bri~ defert,his poll, tainy or upon the fea, hold correfpondence with any rebel, or h°ld illegal Winy of his Majesty, or give them advice or intelligence, ei- gD^whh^he tber by letters, mefiages, figns, or tokens, in any manner or way cncmies of hit whatfoever; or shall treat with such rebels or enemies, or enter Majesty, into any condition with them, without his Majesty licence, or li- or shall ftrike, cehce of the general, lieutenant general, or chief commander; °r ^o^ffi11* ' or shall ftrike or ufe any violence againft his fuperior officer, be- cer^ffiaU (bring in the execution of his office; or shall difobey any lawful fer death, or command of his fuperior officer; all and every perlon and per- such punifh- • fon9 fo offending in any of the matters before mentioned, shall ^ fuffer death, or such other punifhmcnt as by a court martial ££1 <hau shall be infli&ed.	flift.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That The King his Majesty may, from time to time, grant a commiflion under may gf»»t * his royal fign manual, to any officer, not under the degree ofa holdTrourt-0

martial, &c,.

?!■*

• Court niartial may inffift corporal pu* nifhment for immoralities. See. *

General court-martial not to confift of left than and the prefident to be a field officer or officer next in fe-niority, not under the degree of a cap-tain.

May adminifter an oath to uitneffes.

Officers to be iworp.

The oath*

The oath.

Anno primo GeorguIH. C, 6*	[iffe

field officer, for the holding a general couH mtrtiaJwitlWq thif realm; and alfe grant hie warrant to the lord HetHClWtt of /f*r land\ or other chief governors gc^ernara there forthetwpe her ing, or the governor or governors of Minorca, Gibraltar,. M4 any of his Majesty^s dominions beyond the feas refpe$iv$)y, <x the person or perrons there commanding in chief, from tiahe to time, to ap|toint courts martial in the kingdom *>f Idefahk rMd other places and dominions respectively ; in whfohroorte roffft tial, all the offences above mentioned, and all other offeofiftl herein after fpecified, shall be tried and proceeded fgainft 18 such manner, as by this a& shall be hereafter directed.

III.	And be it also further ena&ed, That itihaU and Wtf9 lift lawful to and for such courts martial, by their fefttence or judgment, to inflict corporal punifhment, not extending to life or limb, on any foldierfor immoralities, misbehaviour, or ntgtenS of duty.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no general court martial which shall have power to fitbyviwnepf this ad, shall confift of a lefs number than thirteen, wher^f none to be under the degree of a commiffion officer $ and the present of such general court martial, shall neither be the comms»flde* in chief, or governor of the garrifon where the offender (hall) be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unlefe wher* it field officer cannot he had; in which eafe, the officer next m feniority to the commander, not being under the degree of % captain, shall prefide at filch court martial; and that fuch.epurt martial shall have ptfwer and authority, and yre hereby required toadminifter an oath to every witnefs, in older to the4xa#nnw-tion or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them,.

V.	Provided always, That in all trials of offenders bygencr ral courts martial, to be held by virtue of this a<9^ eyery officer prefer* at such trial, before any proceedings he bad thereomq, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evsngeljfts, before the court, and judge advocate* or his deputy (wjip <are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) in thefe words; that is to fay,

YOU /ball well and truly try and determine according toyeur evidence in the matter now before yeu, between wr Jov&rejgn ,lofft the King's majefty, and the prifoner Ube tried:	-

So help you God.,.

I A. B. do jwear, That I will duly adminifter jufiice, wording to the rules and articles for the better government of Hs Mfljefty s fortes, and according to an alt of parliament now in force for the pu-nijbment of mutiny and defertien, and other crimes therein meat iwed, without partiality, favour, or affeBiorr, and if any doubt/ball arifc, which is not explained by the said articles or aft of parliamentaccording to my confidence, the bejl of my under/landing, and the cujlom <f war in the like cafes. And I further fwear, That I will not divulge the fentence of the eourt until it /hall be approved by his. Majtjly, the general, or commander in chief-, neither ydll /„. upon

ft

Anno pntno Gxorgii III, c. 6.	419

at anj time wbatfoever,	diftlofe tr difeever vote or opinion of any

particular member of the court martial, required to give evidence thereof, at a vritnefs, by a court of justice in a due ceurfe of law:

So help me God.

And as (bon as the laid oaths shall have been adminiftered to The judge the refpedive members, the prefidcnt of the court is hereby au- advocate6 to thorized and required to adminifter to the judge advocate, or the be (worn, person officiating as fuch, an oath in the following words:

IA.B. do/wear. That I will net, upon any account, at any time The oath.

whatfeever, difchfi or difcover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial, unltfs required to give evidence thereof, as a witnefi, by a court of jujtice in a due ceurfe of law:

So help me God.

And no fentence of death shall be given againft any offender in In fentencce filch cafe by any general court martial, Uriels nine officers pre- °f de*i!,» lent shall concur therein; and if there be more officers present toameur^&cw than thirtceft, then the judgement shall pafs by the concurrence	'

of two thirds of the officers prefent; and no proceeding or trial Hour* of trial, shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning, and three in the afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate example.

VI. Provided always. That the party tried by any general Tj,e party

court martial in the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or in tried; intitled yrrftj, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, or the islands thereto be- to a copy of longing, shall be intitled to a copy of the fentence and proceed- the fentence ings of such court martial, upon demand thereof made by him- f^^the 1 felf, or by any other person or persons on his behalf (he or they court-mar* paying reafonably for the fame) at any time not fooner than tiaL three months after such fentence; and in the cafe of trials by any

Sneral court martial. at Gibraltar or Minorca, at any time not oner than fix months after the fentence given by such court martial; and in the cafe of trials by any general court martial in his Majesty*s other dominions beyond the Teas, at any tiflie not feoner than twelve months after the fentence given by ffcch court martial, whether such fentcnces be approved or not; any thing in this alt to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided also, and be it cnaHed by the authority afore- Original pro-laid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at ceeding, See. any general court martial, do, and he is hereby required to tranfmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity of time tranfmitted to atid diftance of place can admit, the original proceedings and the judge ad. fentence of such court martial to the judge advocate general in yocate general London; which faid original proceedings and fentence lhall be mLondon,&c. carefully kept and preferved in the office of such judge advocate general, to the end that the persons intitled thereto maybe enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and jneaning of this alt.

None to be tried a second time for the fame offence except in cafe of appeal.

This a& not to exempt foldiers from ordinary pro-cefs.

Penalty on falfe certificates to excuse foldiers from raufters.

Penalty on officers making falfe foutters, &c.

Fi&itloua names allowed by his Ma-jelly's order upon the mu-

Anno pruno Gzqkgu ill. c.6..	[1 jr&v

VIII.	Provided^always, and be it hereby declared*and enacted* That no officer or foldier being acquitted or convicted of any* offence, b$ liable to be tried a fccoild. time by, the fame or any other court martial for the fame offence, unJefs in the cafe.of an appeal from a, regimental to a general court martial; and that no fentence given by any court martial, and figned by the prefident thereof, be liable to be revifed more than once. , :

IX.	Provided always. That nothing, in this aift contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to exempt any .officer or foldier whatfoever, from being proceeded againft hythe ordinary courier of law.

X.	And, for preventing offraud and deceit in tbtmufiextng.offob*

diersy. be.it further ei>atfed by the authority aforefaids, Tbit if any nerfpn shall make or give, or procure to be made or given,i any talfeor untrue certificates, whereby to excufeany foldier fim his abfence from any multer, or any other service whteh. he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed qn fome atber duty of the regiment or of fickmfs, J*in£ iifc pnfon, or on furlough; that then every foch perfon, for making, giving, or procuring fuch-certificate, fhall, for every fuck offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forth;* withcafhiered and difplaced from his office, and fhall.be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any military office or employ^ Oient within this realm, or in his Majesty's fervice; andoo certificate shall excufe the abfence of any foldier, but for thenar fons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commiflary of tfie mufters is hereby direded to fetdown on the roll, at the time of the taking of the mufler, thereafonof the abfentre of such foldier refpe&ively, and by whom certified; and not tofot down any fucb excufe, without view of fucb certificate.	i

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaitfy

That every officer that Hull make any falfe or untrue mufter of man or horfe, and every commiflary, muftcr-mtfier, oc other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or fign the mufler roll, wherein such falfe mufter is contained,' or any duplicate thereof; and also every commiflary, muftcr-naafter, or.other officer, who shall diredly or indire&ly take, or caufe to be taken, any fum or fums of money, or any other gratuitypion^or for,the muftering any regiment, troop,or company^oronor for the figning of any mufler rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnefles before'a general court martial, to be thereupon called (which is.htr«by author** zed and required to adminifter such oath) fhall, for fuchof&noe, be forthwith cafhiered and difplaced from such hianffice^nd shall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's fervice.

XII.	And whereas his Majesty hath beengracioufly pleaftdy in tern* pqffm to the diftrejfid condition of feveeal widows of officer* of the army* who have lojl their lives in the fervkeof the late war, or during the late rebellion* fy orders made under his royalftgn manslal* te direff

bis

iy6o.Jj Anno pnmo'GfiORGil III/ 6; 61	221

hitcmmffiry general of the mufter s, to allow Upon the mufler rolls offer- rolls, for, all the regiments, troops, and companies, a number of fictitious names tllc mailitcffl therein mentioned, infteadof private men, in order to raise and fettle	1

a'fund for the maintenance of fucfnvidows of officers as are or /hall be not to be con- * iktiiled to his royal bounty: and whereas his Majesty has been gra- ft rued a fallc ' citmfly pleajed, tinder his royal ftgn manual, to give the like directions rauitcr* to his commeffiary general of the marines, and has appointed a received far the purpofrs aforesaid, and directed the paymafiir general and the payfnafier of the marines, by like orders under his fign manual, to pay emer the full pay of such fictitious private men to such receiver, to be difiributed to such widows, according to his inftruCtions in that behalf; be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid,

Thar no allowance of any such fi&itious name upon any mufter roll (hah (be'con (trued to be afalfe mufter; any thing in this or any former arft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

, X1IL And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Mufter matter That every commiflary or mufter-mafter, upon any mufter to be ^ gutter made,- had* or taken by him or them, (hall, by a convenient	r*

time before such mufter made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magiftrate or officer of the place where the (aid fol-diersfotobe mufteredfhall be quartered; who is hereby required to-be prcfcnt at every such mufter, and give his utmoft afliftance for thedifeovermg any falfe or untrue mufter there made, or offered-to be made; and that every such commiflary or mufter Penalty on ntafter, making or taking such mufter, that shall negledto give mufter-mafter such noticeasaforefaid, or shall refufe to take the aid and afliftance ”0c|q !10 of fach mayor, chief magiftrate, or officer, where the foldiers t0 °* to be muftered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds* and shall be difeharged from his office; and no mufter Mufter-rollt roll shall be allowed, unlefs the fame be figned by the said mayor, to be figned or other chief magiftrate, or officer refpe&iveiy': but incafeluch bylhe ma)or* mayor, chief magiftrate, or officer shall not, upon due notice givton, attend fach mufter, or shall refufe to fign such mufter roll* , without giving good and fufficientreafons for such his refu-fal; that then the commiflary may proceed to. mufter such regiment., troop; or company* without incurring the said penalty: and facts mufter roll shall be allowed, though not figned as a** fordaid; provided that oath be made before any of his Ma-jefty's juftices of, the peace within forty eight hours after such mufter; and the said mufter roll shall then be produced, and examtnadlw the said justice of the peace, who is hereby required to fign the feme, if there shall appear to be no good or fufficient obje&on to tbe fame*

. XIV. And be icturther cnaited by the authority aforesaid, pe(Uity on That if any person shall be falfly muftered,or offer himfelf falfly persons offer-on deceitfully to be muftered, upon proof thereof made upon mgithcmfelves oath by two witnefles before the nextjuftice of the peace for theto • county .where fach mufter shall be made, and upon certificate mu er * thereof in writing under the hand of the commiflary of the mu- ‘ ftcip, or chief magiftrate, as aforesaid, made to fuel) justice of thepeac^ tlie faid justice is hereby authorized and requiVed to ....<	coin**

222	Anno prime Georgii III; c. 6.	[1760*

commit filch offender to the houfeof correction there to remain for the fpace of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or Horfes falfly willingly lend or furnifh any horfe to be muftered, which mall muftered,to bte not trujy belong to the trooper or troop fo muftered; the said orteited,&c. ^orfe fQ fajfly mu(lered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or futaiftiing the	(aid

horfe; or otherwife, the person lending or fumiftiing the	faid

horfe shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by Forfeiture two witneffes before the next justice of the peace: which twenty how to be le- pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of	the

vicd*	faid juftice, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of	the

perfon fo offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner; and in cafe such offender shall not have fufficientgoods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered againft him,or shall not pay such penalty, within four days after such Convi£tion, then, and in such cafe, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under hitf hand and feal, either commit such offender to the common gaol,' there to remain without bail or mainprise for the fpace of three months, or caufe such offender to be publickly whipt, at the diferetion of such juftice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such '	perfon or persons that shall give information thereof; and the

(aid informer or informers, if belonging to the fer vice, * shall havt a right to be difeharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the fame.

Officer em- XV. And be further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That bczillmg, &e. every com million officer, ftorekeeper, or commiftary, that shall mi 1 y ores, cm|>ea&j| or mifapply, or caufe to be embezilled or mifapplied, or shall wilfully, or through n*gle&, fuffer any provifions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores to be fpoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two to be calhier- witnefles, before a general court martial (which is hereby autho-ed, and forfeit r;ze(j an<j required to adminifter such oath) shall be forthwith damageto be dignified hisMajefty's fervice, and forfeit the sum of one hundred made £ood,by pounds, and is hereby required to make good, at his own ex-pence; the lofs and damage thereby fuftained, to be afeertained by such court martial, which shall have power to feize the goods and chattels of the person fo offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if fufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and feized, then the person fo offending shall be committed to prifon, or the common gaol, to remain there for fix months without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after Application of the said fum shall be recovered and levied, the feme shall be ap-the forfeiture, plied and difpofed of as his Majesty shall diredand appoint. Mufter* ma. XVI. And be it further enabled by thfr authority aforesaid, . per, fee. talc- That every commiftary of the mnfters, or mufter matter, cither ing a mutter, 0f thc ]anj forces or marines, making or taking a muter, do" to make oato. ma^e oatjl beforc the mayor or chief magiftrate attending thfe making or taking such mufter as aforesaid, if such mayor or thief magiftrate fo attending be a justice of the peace, or othetv

goods and chattels;

for want of diftrefs, the person to be committed.

1760.] Anno prime Georgii III. c. 6.	22	3

wj^vbpforc fome other jyftice of the peace for the county where such mufter shall be taken (who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame without fee or reward) in manner form following;

I A. B. d* [weary That Ifaw* at the time of moling the within The oath.

mi^iery such men or horfes as are borne* and not refpited* on the mufter roll% for which men or horfes a ftgned certificate or certificates are not indorfed on the bad of the roily certifying their being abfent from,the mufter by rcafon of being employed on fome other duly of the regiment, or by being fick* in pnfony on furlough, or at grafsx or by a: ftgned leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding toe regimenty troop, or company.

Which oath the fald commiflary or mufter matter is hereby di-re&etl to infert and fubferibe ori the back of the mufter roll by him Uranfmitted into the office of the commiflary general of the mufters.

5CV1I. And whereas a doubt hath arifeny whether the oath direc- Mufter-rolls.

tod to be infer ted and indorfed on the back of the mufter roll (by the aft though tranf-pajfed in the twentieth year of the reign of his latemajefly King George m,ttcd wirh-tbe Sc candy for punifbing mutiny and defer tiotiy and for the better pay- ^oWed^thc

ment of the army and their quarters) fbould Hot only be indorfed and p*ymatters ffbfcribedon the back of thofe mufter rolls which ate to remain with general, to be the refptftive mujler majlers general of his Majestys land forces and g°°d vouch. marines* but also on the back of thofe mufter rolls which are tranf thc au~ to therejpeftive pay majlers qfthe said land forces and marinesf	*

anft qythem returned into the office of the auditors of the imp reft \ to ihviate which doubt, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all /uch mufter rolls as have been, or fhali be {roar time to time, tranfmitted to the said paymafters general, an^by thf?m returned into the office of the auditors of the im-prejj^fii^ce the palling the said ad, shall be deemed good and fuf-	\

ficieg£ vouchers to the said auditors of the impreft, although the	s

P{fore;mehtioned oath be not inferted and indorfed on the back pt fuf^h mufter rolls; any thing in the said ad contained to the	j

epptrary in any wife notwithftanding.

And be further enaded, That if any paymafter, Penalty on mt, or clerk of any garrifon, regiment, troop, or company, agent, See.

\\ wilfully detain or withhold, by the fpace of one month, detainingrofl* pay of any officer or foldier (clothes and all other juft al- dlerVpawu t > Jqw^nees being deduded) after such pay shall be by him or them ^ , fCf$we<h or if any officers, having received their foldiers pay, refuel to pay each refpedivc non-commiflioh officer arid foldier,jJ ieir refgedive pay, when it shall become due, at the rate pf feventeen (hillings and fixpence per week for each corporal of Weekly rate*. Jj^^horfc-i fourteen (hillings per week for each trumpeter ai\d j^iv^te £r$opejr; nine (hillings and eleven pence per week for ^cfviragpQU; nine (hillings and four pence per week for each WJWJtV fix fillings and two pence per week for each corporal; J^^yirigs per week for each drummer \ four (hillings^p&

*	"	•	week

Penalty on agents dilo-being of orders.

Surgeon, within ten miles of London, &c. to certify who are dele; and coin manding officer, who ate employed in failing recruits.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6.	[1760.

week for each private foldier of his Majesty's three regiments of foot guards; and fix (hillings per week to each ferjeant; four (hillings and fix pence per week to each corporal and drummer; and three (hillings per week to each foot foldier of any other regiment or independent company; and at the end of every two months to account for one (hilling per week to each ferjeant, and two pence per week to each corporal and drummer, and fix pence per week to each foot foldier; the said one (hilling per week, two pence per week, and fix pence per week, being the remainder of the fubfiftence of each ferjeant, corporal, drummer, and foot foldier; then, upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aferefaid, to be for that purpofe held and fummoned by his Majesty's order, every such paymafter, agent, clerk, or officer fo offending, shall be difeharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer, upon conviction before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid ; and the informer, if a foldier (if he demands it) shall be, and he is hereby difeharged from any further fervice; any thing ia this aCt contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and the commanding officers of the three regiments of foot guards are hereby impowered, if they judge it neceflary for the good of the fervice, to make the fame ftoppages of one (hilling per week from each ferjeant, two pence per week from each corporal and drummer, ' and fix pence per week from each foot foldier; and at the end of every two months to account for the said one (hilling per week to each ferjeant, and two pence per week to each corporal and drummer, and fix pence per week to each foot foldier, in the fame manner as is hereby directed for the marching regiments*

XIX.	And for the better execution hereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments, and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to obferve such orders and dire&ions as (hall, from time to time, be given by hie Majesty, under his fign manual, or by the lord treafurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and if any agent shall refufe or negleCt to obferve and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be difeharged from his office, and be utterly difabled to have or hold any such office in his Majesty's fervice.

XX.	And it is hereby enaCted, That the furgeon, or his mate, (hall, within the cities of London and IVeJlminflery and ten miles of the same, certify upon oath to the mufter mafter, that he hath actually ten such person as he certifies to be fick5 and such commanding officer shall also certify the names of such others, as shall be employed in raising recruits; and if such certificate shall prove falfe, upon convi&ion thereof, before a court martial, the officer figning such certificate shall fufferfuch'penal-ties, and in such manner, as is declared and inflicted by this aCt upon thofe who shall make falfe mufters ; and the commiffary of the mufters is hereby directed to infert in the docket annexed to the mufter roll, the place where, and the prccife day when, every mufter roll is taken.

XXI. And

*7&> )

Anno primo Georgii III. C. 6.

225

XXI.	And it is enafted, That if any officer or commiflary Penalty on of. ihall mutter any person by a wrong name knowingly, upon con- f**1* ™J,^cr;*v viftion thereof before a general court martial, the said officer nimou or commiflary shall fuffer such penalties, and in such manner, asisdirefted andinflifted by this aft upon thofe who shall make

falfe mutters.

XXII.	And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the third year of King Charles the Pirjl, it is enafied and declared, Thai the people of this land are not by the laws to be burthened with the fojourning offoldiers againfi their wills ; and by a clause in anafi of parliament made in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a fupply to his Majefly of two hundred and fix

mfo\

ifour hundredfixty two pounds, fevent eefi fh Wings, and three pence, forpaying and disbanding the forces, it is declared and enaRed,

That no officer, civil or military, nor other person whatfoever, fhould, from thenceforth, prefume to place, quarter, or billet, any foldier or foldiers upon any Jubjeil or inhabitant ofthis realm, of any degree, quality, or profeffion whatfoever, without bis confent; and that it Jball and may be lawful for any fubjeil, fijourner, or inhabitant, to refufe to quarter any foldier or Joldiers, notwith/landing any demand or warrant, or billeting whatfoever: but forafmuch as at this time, and during the continuance of this ail, there is and may be occafion for the marching and quartering of regiments, troops, and companies, in fe~ vefial parts of this kingdom; be it further ena<Jted by the authority aforesaid, That for and during the continuance of this aft, Conftable?, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for theconfta- &c.to quarter bles, tythmgmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and °®ce.r# .aD(1 magiftrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed,	*

and in their default or abfence, for anyone iuftice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others; and fach conftables, and other civil magiftrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and foldiers in his Majesty's fervice, in inns, livery ttables, ale houfes, viftualling houfes, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houfes, or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons felling brandy, ftrong waters, But -in n0 ^ cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houfes, other than (tillers houfes, and except the house or houses ofanydiftillers, who keep houses orfliopkeep-or places of diftilling brandy and ftrong waters, and the house cr!» opi“ ^ of any (hopkeeper, whofe principal dealings shall be more in Pnvatc ** other goods and merchandizes, than in brandy and ftrong waters (fo as such diftillersand.fhopkeepersddnot permit or fuffer tippling in his or their houfes) and in no other, and in no private houses whatfoever; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are efftftive foldiers present to be quartered; and if any conftable, tythifigman, or such like officer or magi- Penalty on ftrate as aforesaid, shall prefume to quarter or billet any such of- conftables, Jcc. ficer or foldier in any such private houfe, without the confent 5l{artcri?* . of the owner or occupier; in such cafe, such owner or occupier toured ihall have his or their remedy at law againft such magiftrate or	*

Vol. XXIII.	Q.	officer,

*26	Anno primoGEORGU III. c.6.	[1760;

officer, for the damage that such owner or occupier shall fu -Penalty on of- (lain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to* ficers quarter-quarter foldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this a£k9 ing fowiert	or jfon ufc or 0ffer any menace or compulfion to or upon any*

^ mayors, conftabies, or other civil officers before mentioned,

9	9	tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing^

any part of their duty hereby required or appointed: such military officer (hall, for every such offence (being thereof convi&ed before any two or more of the next juftices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnefles) be deemed and taken to be ipfo fatlo cafhiered, and shall be utterly difabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's fervice; provided the said convi&ion be affirmed at the next quarter (eflions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next court martial i Pcrfons ag- and in cafe any person shall find himfelf aggrieved, in that such grieved by conftablc, tythingman, or headborough, chief officer, or ma-ed^on qmayCr" 8*^rate (^uc” officer or magiftrate not being a jufticeof the complain to peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number any julHces, of foldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours; and berdiev- and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or juftices of cd*	the peace of the divifion, city, or liberty, where such foldiers

are quartered; or in cafe such chief officer or magiftrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more juftices of the peace of such divifion, city, or liberty, such juftices refpe&ively shall have, and have hereby power to re* lieve such perfon, by ordering such and fo many of the foldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or per-fons, as they shall fee caufe; and such other person or perfpns shall be obliged to receive such foldiers accordingly.

No justice XXIII. Provided also, and belt further enalted, That rid having anv justice or juftices of the peace, having or executing any mitftary military of- office or commiffion in that part ot Great Britain called Eng-fice to be con- ian^ or may, during the continuance of this a<ft, dire&fy Teting hTsfol” or indireftly be concerned in the quartering, billeting, or*p-dicta.	pointing any quarters for any foldier or foldiers in the regiment,

troop, or company, under the immediate command or com>-mands of such justice or juftices, according to the difpofitton made for quartering of any foldier or foldiers by virtue of this aft; but that all warrants, alts, matters, or things, executed or appointed by such justice or juftices of the peace, for or concerning the fame, (halt be void; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Officers and XXIV. Provided neverthelels, and it is hereby cna&ed. That foldiers to pay the officers and foldiers fo quartered and billeted as aforefajd, rates for their	received and furniwed with diet arid fmall beer by th«

provifiost. 0wncrs Qf the inns, livery (tables, ale-houfes, vi&ualling-houfes, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by thi$£&; paying and allowing for the fame the several

227

i7$o*] Anno primo Georgii III. c.$.

ral rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fub-fiftence-money for diet and fmall beer.

XXV.	Provided always. That in cafe any innholder or other What inn. person on whom any non-commifiion officers or foldiens (hall

be quartered by virtue of this ad (except on a march, or em- quartcrciTon ployed in recruiting; and likewife except the recruits by them them, inftead railed, for the fpace of seven days at moft, for such non-com- meat, million officers and foldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed) shall be delirous to fumifh such non-conunifiion officers .or foldiers with candles, vinegar, and fak, and with either fmall beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commifiion officers or foldiers the ufe of fire, and the neceflary utenfils for drefling and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his defire to the commanding officer, and shall furnifh and allow the fame accordingly; then, and in such cafe the non-commif-fion officers and foldiers fo quartered shall provide their own vi&uals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the pay and fubfiftence of such non-com-tniffion officers and foldiers, shall pay the several fums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftence-money for diet and fmall beer, to the non-commifiion officers and foldiers afore&id, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such oon-coramiffion officers and foldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority p . f aforesaid, That if any officer shall take, or caufe to be taken, ficcrs taking * or knowingly fuffer to be taken, any money of any person for money, to ex-excufing the quartering of officers or foldiers, or any of them, cufe the quar-in any house allowed by this aft, every such officer shall be tcrinS* cafhiered, and be incapable of ferving in any military employment whatfpever.

XXVII.	And whereas great inconveniences have arifen, and may strife 9 in such places where borfe or .dragoons are or may be quart er* ad, by the billeting of the men and their horfes at different houfes, and often at great diftances from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aQ ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where horfe or dragoons shall be Dragoons, See. quartered or billeted in purfuance of this aft, for the future the ^fe^to be men and their horfes shall be billeted in one and the fame houses biUet?d in the (except in cafe of neceflity) and that in no other cafe whatfoever fame houfe. there be lefs than one man billeted where there shall be one or

two horfes, nor lefs than two men where there shall be four horfes, and fo in proportion for a greater number; and in such •cafe each man (hail be billeted as near his horfe as poftible.

XXVIII.	And whereas fame doubts have arifen^ whether com- Maimer of manding officers of any regiment, troop* or company, may exchange changinemeti any men or horfes quartered in any town or place, with another man tortts. cr horfe quartered in the fame place, for the benefit of the fervice;

be it declared and enafted by the authority aforesaid. That such exchange as above-mentioned may be made by such cotamand- ing

2*8	Anno.pritiio Georgii III. c. 6.	[15^0.

ing officers refpc&ively; provided the number of mep, oc horfes, do not exceed the number at that time billeted on fuel} house or houfes; and the conftables, ty thingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers, and magiftrates of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horfes fo exchanged accordingly.

Claufe reht- XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ing to a (oldi- That it shall and may be lawful for any two pr more juftices of cr's fettlernent the peace for the county, town, or place, where any non-com-and children tniffion officer or foldier shall be quartered, in cale such nortr commiffion officer or private foldier have either wife, or child, or children, to caufe such non>commi(Gon officer or foldier to be fummoned before them, in the town or place where such non-commiffion officer or foldier shall be quartered, In order to make oath of the place of their lad legal fettlernent j (which oath the said juftices are hereby impowered to, admhnftcr) and such non-commiffion officers and private foldiers as aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey such fummons, and to make oath accordingly; and such juftices are hereby required to give ap attefted copy of such affidavit fo made before them, to the per-fon making the fame, to be by him delivered to his command* ing officer, in order to be produced when required; which attefted copy shall beat any time admitted in evidence, as tojiich laft legal fettlernent, before any of his Majesty's juftices of the peace, or at any general or quarter session of the peace: provided always, That in cafe any non-commiffion officer or private foldier shall be again fummoned to make oath as aforefaid,

. then on such attefted copy of the oath by him formerly taken, being produced by him, or by any other person on his behalf^ such non-commilfion officer or foldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath,with regard to his legal fettlernent, but shall leave a copy of such attefted copy of examination, if required.

Officer?,	XXX.	And	be it cna&ed by the authority aforesaid. That it

to be qutrier- shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and foldiers inured in Scoria iid \n such and the like places and houses as they might have forcedbeen quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of union direft. the union ; and that the poffe/Tors of such houses shall only be , liable to furnifti the said officers and foldiers quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided; and that no officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the fuburns of Edinburgh.

N	XXXI.	And	be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, one tljiou-dedu&ions fand seven hundred and fixtv one, no paymafter general, pr payout of officers mafter of the army, paymafter of the marines, fecretary at war, or foldiers commiflary, or mufter-mafter, or any other officer whatsoever, or tlieir under officers, ihall receive any fees, or make any deductions whajtfoever out of the pay ot any officer 0r foldj^r in

his

229

from and after the said twenty fourth day of March, one thou-find seven hundred and sixty one, other than the ufual deductions for clothing, and twelve pence in the pound to be dif- Exceptions, pofed of as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the ufe of the royal hofpital at Chelfca, and such other neceflary deductions as shall from time to time be directed byhis M^eftY under his royal lign manual.

&XXII. And for the encouragement of the due and well Treafury may clothing of the troops, be it hereby further enaCted, That the out the lord high treafurer, or the commimoners of the treasury for the Nothin ^ "eve-time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the end ofry°2 nwnthif * every two months, iffue the money due for the clothing of the several regiments, troops, and companies, notwithftanoing the mufter-rolls have not been duly returned : and the refpeClive Paymafters to paymafters are hereby directed to make deductions of all off- deduft the offreckonings, and to pay the fame to such person or persons only reckonings, as have a regular alignment for clothes by him or them delivered to the said regiment, troop, or company; and the receipt of such person or persons having or being lawfully intitled to such affignment, to be from time to time taken for the fame; and when no such alignment appears, the off-reckonings to remain in the hands of the said paymafter refpeCtively, for the ufe of the regiment, troop, or company, until a new contract for clothing and affignment is made.

XXXIII. And that the quarters both of officers and foldiers in Great Britain, and in Jerfey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, and the ijlands thereto belonging, may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfiedj and his Majefys duties of excife better anfweredj be it enaCled by ' the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Officers to fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fixtv one, give notice to every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually	of

receive, the pay or fubfiftence-money, either for a whole regi- money in their ihent, or particular troops and companies, or otherwife, shall hands, immediately, upon each receipt of every particular fum which fhall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or fubfiftcnce, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or foldiers are quartered by virtue of this aCt; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint, for the diftribution and payment of the said pay or fubfiftence-money to the officers or foldiers, which shall be within four days at the fartheft after the receipt of the same, as aforesaid ; and the said innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between then? and the officers and foldiers fo quartered in their refpe<ftive houses ; which accounts the said officer or officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any part of the ftid pay or fubfifterice be diftributed either to the officers or foldiers : provided the said accounts exceed not, for a commiffion RatfS Qffub-

0.3

officer filtcncc to bf

*3°

paid to innkeepers, &c. for foldiers quarters.

Penalty on officers not paying fuhfi lienee money.

On nonpayment ot quar ters, the officer to make tip accounts, Me.

Anno primo Georoii III. c. 6.	[i j6o.

officer of horfe, being under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and fmall beer, per diem, two (hillings ; nor for one commiffion officer of dragoons, being under the degree of * captain, for such officer's diet and fmall beer, per diem, one (hilling ; nor for one commiffion officer of foot, under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and fmall beer, per diemy one (hilling; and if such officer shall have a horfe or horfes, for each horfe or horfes, for their hay and ftraw, per diem, fix pence; nor for one light horfeman's diet and fmall beer, per diem% fix pence; and hay and ftraw for his horfe, per diem> fix pence; nor for one dragoon's diet and fmall beer, per diemy fix pence; and hay and ftraw for his horfe, per diemy fix pence; nor for one foot-foldier's diet and fmall beer, per diem% rour pence; and if any officer or officers, as aforesaid, shall not give notice as aforesaid, and (hail not immediately, upon producing such ac-, count ftated, fatisfy, content, and pay the fame; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witnefies, at the next quarter feffions for the county or city where such quarters were (which oath the juftices of the peace at such feflions are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) the paymafter or pay-maftersof his Majesty's guards and garrifons, and marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the said juftices before whom such oath was made, of the fura due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the said fums out of the arrears due to the said officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymafter or pay-mafters shall forfeit their refpeftive place or places of paymafter or paytnafters, and be difeharged from holding the fame for the future: and in cafe there shall be jjo arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymafter or pay matters are hereby authorized and required to deduft: the fums he or they shall pay, purfuant to the certificate of the said juftices, out of the next pay or fubfiftence-moaey of the regiment to which such offioer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers (hall, for every such offence, or for neglefting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or fubfiftence-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipjo fatti cafhiered. And where it shall happen that the fubfiftence-money due to any officer or foldier (hall, by occafion of any accident, not be paid to such officer or foldier, or such officer or foldier shall neglcft to pay the fame, fo that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this aft direfts ; and where any horfe, foot, or dragoons, shall be upon their march, fo that no fubfiftence can then be remitted to them, to make payment as this aft direfts, or they shall negleft to pay the fame; in every such cafe, it is hereby further enafted, That every such officer fhall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such regiment, troop, or company shall remain for any time whatfoever, make up the accounts, as this aft direfts, with every perfou with whom such regiment, troop, or company shall have quartered, and fign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, fo by*him figned, to the party to whom such money is due,

i	with

I • ed by V: •	LC

1760.} Anno prhno GeorOII IIL c. 6.	231

vtkh the name of fnch regiment, troop, or company, to which he or they fliaJl belong; to the end the laid certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the paymalter of his Majesty's guards and garrifons, or to the paymalter of the marines, Who are hereby required immediately fo make payment thereof to the pcrfon or perfotts to whom such money (Kail be due, to the end the fame may be applied to such regiment, troop, or company rdpedtivdy, under pain as is before in this a<5t directed for nonpayment of quarters.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no commiflaryNo mu(ter in fhaM mutter any regiment, troop, or company, within the city Wcflminfler, of fVeftyninJltr, and borough of Southwark, ana liberties thereof, &c*but ,nfthd but in the prefence of two or more juftices of the peace, Mtff^ormoia being officers of the army, under the before-mentioned penalty; juftices. unlefs High juftices, upon forty eight hours notice given to lix of his Majesty's juftices of the peace, re/iding within the city and liberties aforesaid refpe&ively, shall negle& fo attend such ' mufter 5 and in cafe of such neglelt, such commiflary may proceed to mutter fqch regiment, troop, or company: provided that oath be made before any of his Majesty's juftices of the peace, within forty eight hours after foch mufter taken, that such notice was given to fix juftices of the peace, as aforesaid :

Which juftices lo attending, are hereby impowered to lign the laid mufter-rolls, and to take cognizance of such mufter, and to examine the truth thereof, before they fign the fame.

.XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the au- Conftables, thorny aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the &c. may billet high conftables, petty conftables, headboroughs, and tything- weftmiaftcr men, within the laid city and liberties of JVeftmwJiery and placet m n # adjacent, when thereunto lawfully required, to billet and quar-. ter the officers and foldiers of his Majesty's faid regiments of foot-guards, in such houses only, as by this a& are limited, in ' and about the said city and liberties of IVeJlminJfer, and places adjacent (except the city of London) during the continuance of this : and when any order shall ifliie for the quartering or Pett billeting any officers or foldiers within the said city and liberties ble*; &c. to"

; of fVeJlminfler, and places adjacent, the high constable shall de- quarter fol-liver out precepts to the several petty conftables, headboroughs,	their

. or tythingmen of each parilh, ward, hamlet, and diftridf, within	c

*	their refpc&ive divifions, to billet and quarter such officers and foldiers of his Majesty's regiments of foot-guards on such houses only as by this a£t is limited within his refpe&ive parilh, hamlet* ordiftriA; and such petty conftables, headboroughs, and tythingmen (hall* in purfuance thereof, billet and quarter every

•	fuch officer and foldier in such houses fo fubjetSea thereto by

this adf, equally and proportionably, according to the number of such officers and foldiers fo to be billeted and quartered, and of the houses fo fubjc&ed to receive them; and such officers and foldiers of the foot-guards, lhalJ be quartered within the laid city and liberties of H/eflminfler% and the places adjacent, jtn the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as in other <	0.4	parts

23*.	AnnQprkpp^rBQRfliii.JIMK^'.

pdtts of	England,it\ all cafes, fer whiph partfe^ f*pv,ife»i*

not made by* this aa.	.	.	.	,	.1 , , mi * \

XXXVI. And^for the bitter prevtnting^ufts in MUtti^And quartering tucb officers'and Soldiers, in the Jaid city end liberties jef\ Wdftthinfter, and parts adjacent, be it caused bytbeauthepty, Conftablei, rforefaid, That the petty conftable*, headboroughs,and tythtog-i bft* at quar-r na®1' & th«r refpe&ive parifhes, wards, hamlet and 4iftri&t terfemonstonwithitl the famc> <h*ll, at every general quarter feffioo^oCvtbe oath, of in- peace, to be holden for the said city and liberties of tVfjhmnJdiri habitants,and grid parts adjacent, make and deliver to the juftice*,, thas ter^in their ?Pcn ^on$ affcmbled, upon oath (which oath thcyU^faid refpeftive di- juftiees are hereby authorized and required to adpui&fcr) tmo vihons i lifts figned by them refpedlively of all such houfes, together.wi$h ' the number of all such persons refpedively inhabitingtbeiaine* within his or their pari(h, ward, hamlet, or diftrift rqfac&iyely, as are fubjedt and liable by this a<ft to receive fuchoffijcm^and foldiers, together with the number of all fuch; officers and fei* diers as are quartered and billeted in each house refpc&ivelyi tobe infpeaed and such lifts shall remain with the clerk of the peace of > the without fee. faid city and liberties of IVcJlminjltr, to the iatcot that jlU aod bvery person and persons shall and may be at Iibqfty to inlped Copies of such the fame without fee or reward ; and (uch clerk (halHofthwqtb* wronTb^the ^rom t*mc to ma^e anc* deliver to eveiy or any person or derk, at ad!	who	(hall require the fame, true copies of 3U aodcCVtery

per (beet, con-or any such lifts, upon being paid two pence a (beet for cach taining 150 and every such copies fo taken, each (heet to be cpmputod a** and contain one hundred and fifty words; and if deiaidM>rncr gjeft (ha!! be made by any Detiy conftable, headborough, or tvthingman of any fuph parifn, ward, hamlet, or diftrift uythe delivering such lift to the juftjees at their quarter feffioqa, as ar forefaid, or if he or they shall fo deliver Qr caufe tq be delivered in, any falfe or defe&ive lift, not including and fpecifying there<-in all and every such house and houses fo liable by thjs.a& to receive such officers and foldiers, or the names of aU such officers and foldiers as are quartered and billeted in each house refpeftively; such petty conftable, headborough, and tyihing* xmn, or any of them, fo offending therein, (lull, for each fitdi offence, forfeit each the fuih of five pounds, to theufe of tht poor of such refpedtive parifhes, wards, hamlets, and diftri&s* to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chat* tels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal, or hands and Teals, of one or more of his Majesty's justice or jufticesof the peace for the said city of IVcJlminJlert or for the, couqty of MiddUfex (which warrant or warrants the said justice qr juftice* is and are hereby impowered and required to cnak& and iflue) and for want of fufficient diftrefs to be found for that purpqfe, the said justice or jufticcs is and are hereby impowered and rer qnired, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands aud Teals, to commit the person or persons fo offending to the cpnv-mwi gaol of the said city of Hfcj}m\njler% or county of Middle-Tim 1 there to remain for any time to be limited by such iufticeor .tv,,	i	*	'	juftice**

words.

Penalty on default.

Penalty on fitting defec* tive-iigs*

Sow to be vied.

ip&'T Anno pftno Gbor&ii III. c.	6.233

juftices, ndl exceeding three months, and not left than one month, without bail or mainprize.

• XXXVII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore- Th“ *® fold, That this ad shall be conftrued to extend to the iflands?1®^10 ci j*rfefi Gsumfey, Alderney, and Sari, and the islands thereto ‘ belonging, a» to the daufes therein for muftering and paying, . and the penalties thereto belonging.

' • XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Mufter-rolls (aid. That the eommiflary general of the mufters, or his de- *° puty, fhall, upon every mufter taken by him or them refpedlive- 04 ly of any raiment, troop, or company, in his Majesty's fervice, * dofc the mufter-rolls of the said regiment, troop, or company, upon the place, the fame day the mufter is taken; and shall and returned return one of every of the said rolls fo taken in parchment, to the paymaiter general of his Majesty's guards and garrifons, or forcei| See. to fuch? paymafter refpedtively, under whofe care the payment of such forces shall be; and one of the said rolls fo taken, to the comptroller or comptrollers of the accounts of the army, the fourth day after the said rolls shall refpedtively be doled, if in Leaden, or within twenty miles diftance from the lame; and if at further diftance, by the next poll after the laid rolls shall be refpedlively doled; and no alterations or indorfements shall be made )n or upon the said mufter-rolls, other than in the cafe of orders of leave, or dates of commiflions, and other than involuntary errors or literal miftakes in writing or tranferibing the fdd mufter-rolls, upon pain of forfeiting their refpedlive employments, and the sum of twenty pounds, to any person that Penalty, will foe for the fame, for every foch offence.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- juftices may faid, That for the better and more regular provifion of carriages order confta-for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, blestoprevide clothes, or accoutrements, in EnglandWales, and the town of carrw8e** Berwick upon Tweed, all juftices of the peace, within their feve- ' rid counties, ridings, divilions, (hires, liberties, and precindts, being duly required thereunto by an order from hisMajefty, or the general of his forces, or the matter general or lieutenant general of his Majesty's ordnance, fhall, as often as such order i» brought and (hewn unto one or more of them by the quarter-mailer, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, trpop, or company, fo ordered to march, iflue out his or their warrants to the conftables, or petty conftables of the divifion, riding, city, liberty, hundred, and precindt, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop, or company shall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such provifion for carriages with able men to drive the fame, as it 'mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them fufficicnt time to , do the fame, that the neighbouring pans may not always bear the burthen; and in cafe fofficient carriages cannot be provided Within any foch liberty, divifion, or precindt; then the next juflice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, fhall, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or (hewn to

on#

. ®34'

Rates for carriages.

Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, See.

Penalty on conftables, Sec. neglecl.

Anno primo GsoK&fJ IH, C< 6. [ifio*

one or more of them,, by anytoiifthe officers afotefeid; iffo* hi* or their warrants to the conlbUes or periycahftables of^fuch next county, riding, liberty, dirvtfion^ orpeccmck, forthepnr-pofesaforefaid, to makeup fiich cfefiefencys anefc the afforefasd officer or officers, who by virtue o£ the aforesaid wzmnt ffom the justices of the peaces are to demand the carriage-or carriages therein mentioned, of the conftafeieor petty conttaM* to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to* the said condable or petty con-(lable, for the ufc of the person who Aral I* providc.foch carriages and men, the Aim. of one {billing for every mile any waggon with five hordes shall travel; and the sum of one (hil-> ling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen'with two horfes, shall travel; and the Aim of nine pence for every mile any cart with four horfes shall travel; and fo in* proportion for kfs carriages$ for which refpechve fums fo received, the said roaftable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the perfonor persons paying the fame: and such conftahleor petty conilable mall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their refpedHve liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumilh such carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and £umi(h the fame accordingly: and if any military officer or officers, for the ufo of .whofe troop or company the carriage was provided* (halt force and conftrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, no trace* more than one day's journey, or shall not difeharge the fame in due* time for their return home, or shall fuffer any foldier or fervant (except such as are fick) or any woman to ride in* the waggon, wain, cart; or carriage aforesaid, or ftialt force; any constable or petty cent-liable, by threatenings or menacing words, to provide fatddte horfes for themfclves orfervants, or shall force horfes front the owners by themfclves* fervanm, or fokfiers * every such officer, for every such offiencey shall forfeit the fiun of five pounds ; proof thereof being made upon oath before two ofhis Majesty's jufiices of the peace of the feme county or riding, who are to certify the feme to the paymafter general, or other rcfpe&ive paymafter of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid fum of five pounds according to* the order and .appointment under the hands and feals of the aforesaid juftioesrof* the peace of the same county, or riding, who are hereby im-powered to deduct the fame out of such officer's pay.

XL. And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high conftaMe or petty condole shall wilfully negledl or re-fofe to. execute such warrants of the jufiices of the peaces as (hail be direcled unto them for providing carriages as aforefeid; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable or petty con-liable to provide or fumilh any carriage and man, shall refnfe or negledl to provide the fame; or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any a# or thing, wherfeby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or fruftratecLj every

*35

1760.} Anno prime Georgii III, c. 6.

fucb conftable, or other perfbn or peribns fo offending, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor kfs than twenty shillings, to the ufe of the poor of the parish where any such offence shall be committed : and all and every fiich offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of hisMajefty's juftices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to caufe the £ud penalty to be leviod by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XLI. And whereas tbo refpeftive fums of money by this aft ap-pointed to be paid to the constable by the officer $ demanding fucb car-triages, are not, in many cafeSyfufficicnt to anfwer the charge and ex-pence of providing the fame^ infomuch that the said conjlables arc frequently at great charges, over and above what is recetved by them of the said officers, to the great burthen of the townjhip of whiih he is eonjlahky or elfe the persons performing fucb carriages are grievoufly eppreffed; for remedy whereof, and that the said overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enadVed by the authority aforesaid. That the treasurer or treafurers of each refpe&ive Treafarers of county or riding (hall, without fee or reward, pay unto such the county to constable all and every such reafonable fum or fums of money, thc con' fo by him paid or laid out for such carriages, over *and above ordinary^1* what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring charges; such carriages, out of the publick dock of such county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules and directions, as the said juftices of the peace, in their quarter feffions aflembled, within their refpedUve jurisdictions, (hall, from time to time, during the continuance of this ad, make, direCt, and appoint (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the feafon of the year, and the length and condition of the ways by aud through which such carriages are to travel.

XLI1. And in cafe the said publick flock of the county or riding be not fufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was railed) to fatisfy the extraordinary charge of car* riages before-mentioned; it is hereby farther end&ed. That the The money bid juftices of the peace in the general quarter feffions shall have for thofe pur-power, from time to time, to raise monies upon the refpedive P°fcs.l?°w t0 counties or ridings in such manner as they now raise monies for **ral c " county gaols and bridges, to fatisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XLIIL Provided always, and be it further enaCted* That no No waggon, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, imprefied by authority of this to cai?7 ad, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry drcdVeight?" above twenty hundred weight any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary notwiibftanding.

XLIV. And be it further enaAed, That the carriages for the Carriage* in (Service of the forces from time to time quartered or marching in Scotland how Sattyndy shall be provided, in like manner, and. at the rales, and tobcProvw*cfli

the

d by 

r

*36

Soldiers wives, See. not to bk quartered without con* Tent.

Penalty.

Penalty on officers or foldi-ers deftroying the game.

Penalty.

How the account ot every regiment frail be kept.

Anno primo GeoRGII IIL C. 6.	[1760.

the fuqnifher of such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland^ at the time of the union. .

XLV. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this aft authorized to quarter foldiers in any houses hereby appointed for that purpofe, shall at any time, during the continuance of this aft, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid-feryants of any officer or fol-dicr in any such houfes, againft the confent of the owners 5 the party offending, if an officer of the army, (hall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ip/o fatto cafhiered ; and if a conftable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of tfte peace, to be levied by warrant of such juftice, by diftrefs and fale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reafonable charges ip taking the Came.

XLVI. And for the better prefervation of the game, in or near such place, where any officers or foldiers shall at anytime be quartered ; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That if; from and after the said twenty fourth day of March, one thou-fand seven hundred and sixty one, any officer or foldicr (hall, without leave of the lord ot the manor, under his hand and feal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or deftroy, any hare* coney, pheafant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultty, or fi(h, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom or Great Britain; apd upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, convifted before any justice or juftices of the peace, who is and arc hereby im-powered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; (that is to (ay) every officer fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be diftributed among the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed ; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any fcldier under his command, shall forfeit the fuin of twenty shillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforesaid : and if, upon conviftion made by the juftices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overleers of the poor, such officer shall refufe or negleft, and not within two days pay the said refpeftive penalties, such officer To refilling or neglefting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commiffion, and his commiffion is hereby to be null and void.

XLVII. And be it enafted, That there shall be an exaft account of all monies due, according to the mufter-rolls, to every regiment in his Majesty's fcrvice, made between the paymafter genera], or other refpeftive paymafters of the forces for the time being* and the colonel of every such regiment, or the agent by *(bch colonel refpeftively appointed and authorized to receive the pay thereof from time to time (that is to fay) when four months become due, an account shall be (fated as aforesaid, for

1760.]	Anno	primo Geojrgii III. c,6\	237

the two preceding months ; and after the said account shall be fo made up and perfected, it shall be regiftered in a book to be kept fpr that purpofe in the pay-office, and there ftibfcribcd by such paymafter general, or other rcfpeCtivc paymafter, or his deputy, and the colonel or agent of the regiment, who, toge? ther with the said paymafter, made up the fame 5 and a duplicate thereof, by them refpeCtively figncd, shall be given to the laid colonel or agent, without any fee or reward to be paid for the fame : which colonel or agent (hajl deliver to each captain of the regiment an account of so much thereof as refpeCtively appertained to him, and his troop or company, and the inferior officers or ibldiers thereof; and the balance which shall remain upon making up every such account as aforesaid, and also all other money as then shall become due to every such regiment,

(hall be; by the said paymafter general, or other refpeCtive pay-matter, paid to the said colonel or agent refpeCtively, at such time as his Majesty shall direct: and the paymafter general, or other refoeCtive paymafter for the time being, offending herein,

(hall forfeit, for every such offence, one hundred pounds to any

perfbn or persons who shall inform or fue for the fame in any

of his Majesty's Courts of record : and if any deputy of the said Penalty -eq , *

paymafter, or any agent of a regiment, shall offena in the pre- paymafter, See,

piffe?, upon proof thereof made, such deputy or agent (hall

tpfi fafto lofe his place, and be incapable of that or any other

office for the future, and shall be liable to pay two hundred

pounds to any person who shall inform or fue for the fame, by

aCtion, bill, fuit, or information, in any court of record af

Wejlminfter% wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or

more than one imparlance, shall be allowed : and if any colo- Penalty on

riel of a regiment shall offend therein, such colond shall forfeit, colonels.

for CYcry (uch offence, one hundred pounds, to any person or

perfons who shall fue for the fame, to be recovered as aforesaid.

XLVI1I. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commiffion officer who shall be convicted Non-commif-at a general or regimental court-martial, of having embezzled (ion officer or misapplied any money with which he may have been intruded embezzling for the payment of the men under his command, or for inlifting folder's pay, men into his Majesty's fervice, shall be reduced to ferve in the ^yied, ranks as a private foldier, be put under ftoppages until the mo-hey be made good, and fuffer such corporal punifhment (not extending to life or limb) as the court-martial shall think fit.

XLIX. And whereas several Jbldiers being duly lifted do afterwards defer and are often found wandering, or otberwife ahjenting themfelves illegally from bit Majejlfs fervice; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the con-Juft?*** may (table, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where commit de« ' aqy perfon, who may be reasonably fufpeCted to be such a de- fcrUr*-, fertcV, shall be found, to apprehend, or caufc him to be appre-bended, and to caufe such person to be brought before any ju* ftice of the peace, livjng in or near such town or pfaee, 'toho hath hereby power to examine such fufpe&ed person ; and if by

his

a38

Reward for

Anno primo GeoRGII III. c	[	i?6o.

his confeflkm, or the teftimony of one or mote witneft or witr1 nefies upon oath, or by the knowledge of such juitke of the peaoe, it shall appear or be found, that such fufpe&ed perfoo is a lifted foldier, and ought to be with the troop or company to. which he belongs; such juft ice of the peace shall forthwith caufe him to conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found; or to the house of corredHon, or other pubiick prifon in such town or place where such deferter shall be apprehended ; or to the Savoy> in cafe such deferter shall be apprehended within the city of London t or tVtJtminftery or places adjacent; and tranfmit an account thereof to the fecretary at war for the time being, to the end such person may be promedcd a-gainft according to law: and the keeper of such gaol, htmfe of oorredtion, or prifon, shall receive the full fubfiftence of such deferter or deferters, during the time that he or they shall continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of the said deferter or deferters; but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward, on account of the imprifonment of Aich deferter or deferters; any law, ufage, br cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. And, for tire better encouragement of any person or per-fons to fecure or apprehend such deferters as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such jtiftke of the taking upde- peace shall also iffue his warrant in writing to the collector or ferters* collectors of the land tax money of the pari(hortown(hip where foch deferter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money ariling or to arife in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any deferter from his Majesty's fervice, the sum of twenty (hillings for every deferter that (haH be fo apprehended and committed; which fum of twenty (hillings shall be (atisfied by such collector to whom such warrant shall be dire&ed, and allowed upon his account.

Penalty on LI. Provided always. That if any petion shall harbour, con-p«rfonii con- ceal, or affift any deferter from his Majesty's fervice, knowing cealing defert- him to be such ; the person fo offending shall forfeit, for every foch offence, the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; from any foldier or deferter, or any other perfon, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, or caufe the colour of such clothes to be changed; the person fo offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any of liis Majesty's juftices of the peace, the said refpeiftive penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the (aid justice or juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender ; one moiety of the said firft-mentioned penalty of five pounds tp be paid tp the informer, by whofe means such deferter shall bp apprehended; and one moiety of the said laft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the refidue of

the

tbeir arms, clothes, &c.

jfdo.J Anno ptimo Gfc&RGii III.' c.6.	2^9

the said refpedivepenaliies to be paid to the officer to whom ' any such deferter or foldier did belong: and in cafe any such offender, who shall be ecmvi&ed, at aforefeid, of harbouring or a flirting any foch defater or deferters; or having knowingly re-ceived any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King'; or having caufed the colour of such dodies to be changed, contrary to the intent of this aft, (hail not have Efficient good* ana chattels, whereon diffrefs may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for such offence, qt fhail not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction ; then, and in such cafe,.fuch justice of the peace fhail and ,may, by warrant under bis hand and feal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise for the fpace of three months, or caufe such offender to be puUiddy whipt, at the difcretion offuch juftice.

LU. Provided always. That nocommiffionoffioer shall break Penalty on of* open any house to fearch for deferters, without warrant from a ficer b«*«k«ng justice of the peace; and that every commiffion officer who rttall ^thontwar-without warrant from one or mote of his Majesty's juft ices of rant. the peace (which laid warrants the said justice or juftices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelKng-houfe or out-houfes of any person whatfoever under pretence of fearching for deferters, (hall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

LIU.	Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to HisMajeftv and for his Majesty, to form, make, and eftablilh articles of impowered to war for the better government of his Majesty's forces, and for make articles bringing offenders againft the lame to juftice; and to ereft and °*war* cotimtute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and detcr-

minc any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflidt penalties by fentence or judgement of the lame, as well within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, Jerfey,

Alderney, and Sark, and the illands thereto belonging, as in the illand of Minorca, his Majesty's garrifon of Gibraltar, and in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the feas.

LIV.	Provided always, That no person or persons shall be Nonetobead.

adjudged to fuffer any punilhment, extending to life or limb, judged of lire by the said articles of war, within the kingdom of Great Britain ?r |Jmb' but and Ireland, Jerfey, Gutrnfey, Alderney, and Sari, and the illands p^re^to^* thereto belonging, except such crimes as are expreffed to be fo io punifhabie punilhable by this ad.	by this ka.

r LV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Deferters be officer or foldier shall defert his Majesty's service in any of his youd fca, &:c. Majesty's dominions beyond the feas, or elfewhcre beyond the n,ay be »ried feas, and Ihidl efeape and come into this reaim, or. Ireland, or 01 *"Ire* into Jerfey, Gteem/ey, Alderney, or Sark, or the illands thereto an belonging, before he be tried by a court-martial for fuchotfencn,

■nd shall be apprehended for the fame; such officer or foldier dull be tried for the feme, as if die faid offence had been corn-autted within this realm.

240	Anno	primo	GeoRgii	III.	c.6.	[1760.

This	LVI. Provided always. That so much of this aft as relates

fcrter* &c in to ** Puni^)ment of mutineers and deferters, within this realms frc, an<* foch who shall conceal deferters, or shall knowingly buy* exchange or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any foldier or deferter, or caufe the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, to such governors, or other officers in garrifons, and forces, as his Majesty lias now in pay, or shall have in pay in Inland, or in Jerfey, Guernsey> Attorney, or Sari, and the islands thereto belonging, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all juftices of the peace, and other officers refpeftively, according to the tenor of, and Perfons ac- Murine the continuance of this aft.

quitted by the LVlI. Provided alfo. That no person or persons being ac-avil magi-	quitted or convifted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences,

ftrate, may by the civil magiftrate, shall be liable to be punifhed by a court-fldered bv*a niartial for the fame, otherwise than by ca(hiering. court-martial. LVIII. Provided alfo. That if any officer, non-commiffion Perfons ac- officer or foldier, shall be accufed of any capital crime, or of cufed of capi- any violence or offence againft the perfon, eftate, or property tal crimes, &c. of any of his Majesty's (ubjefts, which is punifhable by the to be delivered known laws of the land $ the commanding officer or officers of civil masi! every regiment, troop, company, or party, is and are hereby ftratt, &c.~ required to ufe his utmoft endeavours to deliver over such at-cufed person to the civil magiftrate; and shall also be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in the feizing and apprehending such offender, in-order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully negleft or refufe, upon application made to him for that purpofe, to deliver over any such accufed person to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender; every such officer fo offending, and being thereof convifted before any two or more juftices of the peace for the county where the faft is committed, by the oath of two credible wit-neffes, shall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafto cafhiered, and shall be utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's fervice; provided the said conviftion be affirmed at the next quarter feffions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next court-martial.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-Paymafters, faid. That every present and future paymafter, agent, or clerk &c. to account of any garrifon, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall with execu- ^ liable to account with any ot the executors and adminiftrsv* 104tors of every officer or foldier, for any of the pay of such officer or foldier, by him or them received; (hall. On reafonable demand made by such executor or adminiftrator, deliver a juft and true account to any such executor or adminiftrator, of such fum or fums of money as he or they shall have fo refpeftively received for such officer or foldier, and for which they ought fo to

' account

i?6 o.l	Anno primo Georg ill II, c .6:	24*

account as aforesaid, such executor or adrainiftrator paying for

the fame; and shall account with such executor or administrator

for the fame* and that every such paymafter, agent, or clerk of	^

any garrifon, regiment, troop, or company, offending herein,

fhajl forfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like man-'

ner as appointed by this adt, for such colonels or agents not

giving due accounts of or for the pay of the said officers or fol-

diers, to and for such officers and foldiprs themfelves.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons fued That if any adtion, bill, plaint, or fuit shall be brought againft may plead the any perfoaor persons, for any adt, matter or thing, to be adted £cnerallfluc* or done in purfuance of this adt, that it shall and may be lawful ' to and for all and any person or persons fued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general iffue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such fpecral matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the ifliie; which fpecial matter, being pleaded, had been a good and fufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants of the trefpafs or other matter laid to his or their charge : and if the verdidt shall pafs with the said .defendant or defendants, in any such adlion, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonfuit, or fuffer any difeontintrance thereof; that in every such cafe the justice or juftices, or such other judge, before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this adl allow unto the defendant or defendants his or their treble cofts, which he or they shall have fuftained Treble cofts* by reafon of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said adtion or fuit; for which the said defendant or defendant*(hall have the like remedy as in other cafes, where cofts by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.	,,	*

LX1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That All fuits to every bill, plaint, adlion, or fuit, againft any person or persons, be brought in for any adt, matter, or thing, to be^adted or done in purfuance fome °* *he of this adt, or againft any member or minifter of a court-mar- £onTat°We(U tial, in refpedt of any fentence of such court, or of any thing minder or done by v irtue or in purfuance of such fentence, shall be brought Dublin, or the in fome of the courts of record at JVeJiminjler or Dublin, or the ^our.t °* court of fefilon in Scotland, and in no other court whatfoever.	COt~

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, continuance That this adt, and every thing herein contained, shall be and Qf this adt. continue in force within the realm of Great Britain, from tho faid twenty fourth day of Marcby in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of Marcby in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two ; and shall be and continue in force within the kingdom of Ireland, and \njerfey, Guernseyy Alderney and Sark* and the islands thereto belonging, from the (aid twenty fourth . day of Marcby in the year ot our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the first day of May* one thousand seven hundred and sixty two y and shall be and continue in force, within the ifland of Minorcav and garrifon of. Gibraltar, and in -his Majeffy's other dominions beyond the- feas* from the said ; Vox,. XXIII.	R	twenty

*4*	Anno	primo	Gboroii	III.	c.	[1760.

twenty fourth day of Marth, in the year of our Lord one thou-Fand (even hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufimd* seven hundred and sixty three.

Penalties a- LXItl. And whereas by an act of the year of the reign of gainft the aft \ait majesty King George the Firf,	An	aft	for	the

where "to'be more effectual and exemplary puttifhmertt of fnch persons as fued tor.	(hall feduce foldiers to defert; or, being papifts, shall inlift

themfelves in his Majesty's service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, of Sdri, or the islands thereto belonging; it is	That	any person or perfons	whatfoever,	whojhau dirrffly or perfuaie or	,

Or endeavour to perfuade or procure, any fotdier or	in the service of his Majesty, or of bis heirs ana	to	defert; fuch

perfoh or persons jo offending, and being thereof lawfully conviSied Jball forfeit the funs of forty pounds : now be it enafted, That for such offences as shall be committed againft the find recited aft, within that part of Great Britain called England, the penalties thereby enafted shall be fued for and recoverable, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weftminfter; and for fiich offences

f;ainft the said act, as shall be committed in that part of Great ritain called Scotland, the fame shall bfefued for, and recoverable, in his Majesty's courts of exchequer in Scotland', and for filch offences againft the said act as shall be committed in Ireland, the fame shall and may be fued for, and recoverable, in any of the four courts at Dublin ; and for such offences againft the Aid aft as shall be committed within the islands of Guernsey,	,

and Sari, and the islands thereto belonging, the fame shall and may be fued for, and recoverable, in the royaf court of Guehtftf', ana for such offences againft the said act as shall be committed within the ifland of Jerfey, tire fame shall and may be fued fat, and recoverable, in the royal court of Jerfey, any thing in the Aid recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-'ftanding.

LXI v. And to prevent, as far as maybe, ohy unjujl or fraudulent arrefts that may be made upon foldiers, whereby his Majfty and the pubtici may be deprived of their fervice', it is hereby further enac-No volunteer ted by the authority aforesaid. That no person whatfoever, who liable to pro- js or shall be lifted, or shall lift and enter himfelf as a volunteer feme criming*11 his Majesty's fervice, as a foldier, either in the kingdom 6f matter, Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jerfey, Guernsey, Alderney, at Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, or in any Of his Majesty's plantations, during the continuance of this aft, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any procefc or execution whatfoever, other than for feme criminal matter, or “"tejfrr a unlefs for a real debt, or other juft caufe of aftion; and unlefs, the value of before the taking out of fitch procefs or execution (not being fo‘r jol.	a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein. Or tome

Oath of the other person or persons on hi* or their behalf, shall make a'ftl-**«?*£•? davit before one or more judge or judges of the court of me bewre »1:ccorti} or o^er court, traf $f tjpucfc fuel) procefc or execution

ilvJl.

*43

1769.] Anno prime Gsoftoil UL c. 6.

0g»U tffijt, or before (bmcperfen authorized to take affidavits frl fori) courts, that to his or their knowledge the original fum, jwilly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the adtion or caufe of adtion on which such procefis fliail iffue, or the original debt for which such execution fiiall bet iflpedout, amounts to the value of ten pounds at tail, over and above ah cofts of fuit in the fame adtion, or in any Other Adtion on which the fame shall be grounded j a memoran- and utarlced dutn of which oath lhall be marked on the back of such procefs on tbeback of Of writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee lhall be taken:lhp Proce^* ond if any per ion shall fteverthdefs be arrefted .contrary to the intent of this adt, h shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, or by any his fuperior officer, to examine into the fajme by the oath ot the parties, or otherwife, and by warrant under his or their hands and Teals, to difcharge'fuch faldier fo acceded contrary to the intent of this adt, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such Soldier lb arrefted, was legally lifted as a foldier in his Majesty'a fervice, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this adt, ond alio to award to the party fb complaining, such cofts as such judge or judges ihall think reasonable: for the recovery where-<nf9 he Audi have the like remedy that the person who takes put the Slid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his cofts. to cafe judgement had been given for him with cofts againft the defendant in the said adtion.

LXV. And to the end that honeft creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their juft debts due to them from persons entered into, and Hfted in bis Maytftfs fervice, may not be hindered from fuing for the fame9 but on the contrary may be affijled and forwarded in their fuits; and infiead of an arrefi, which may at once hurt the fervice, and occafion a great expence and delay to themfelves y may be enabled to proceed in a more fpeedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and Plaintiff m*y for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing filca conum>a of the caufe in adtion to such person or persons fo lifted, or left *PPcarancc* at his or their laft place of refidence before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any adtion to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, fo as to intitle such plaintiff to prqceod therein to judgement and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of him or them fo lifted as aforesaid j this adt, or any thing here-in, or any former law or ftatutc, to the contrary notwitn-ftanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&idj Penalty on That if any high conftable, cctnftable, bedel, or other officer taking7money or person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this to excufe any shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billet* P*1*0 from t»g» any officers or foldiers, lhall negledt ot refufe,tor the Space <luamrm*»

R 2	of

Anno primo Georgii 111. c 6.	[17*0.

of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or foldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this aft direded, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops ; or shall receive, demand, contrad, or agree for any fum or fums of. money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of excufing, or in order to excufe any person or persons whatfoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their ©r viftuallers houfc or houses any such officer or foldier* or in cafe any vic-rcfufing to tualler, or any other perfon, liable by this a Ct to have any offi-quartcr fol- cer or foldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refufe dlcr*'	to receive or victual any such office^ or foldier, fo quartered or

billeted upon him or her as aforesaid \ or shall refufe to fumiih or allow, according to the diredioris of this ad, the several things herein before refpedively directed to be furniffied or allowed to non commiffion officers and foldiers fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglcd or refufe to furnifh good and fufficient hay and draw .for each horfe fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at^ the rate herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convided before any one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witr nefs or witneffes (which oath the laid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) every such high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer or person fo offending, shall fprfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty . (hillings (as the said justice or juftices, before whom the matter shall be heard, (hall, in his or their difcretion, think fit) to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of such justice or juftices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overfeers of the poor of the parifti where the offender shall dwell; the said fum of five pounds, or the said fum not ex*-ceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the,overfeers of the poor of the parifti wherein the offence shall be committed, or to fome one of them, for the ufe of the poor of the said parifti.

Juftices may	LXVII. And^ for the better preventing abufes■ in quartering *r

b!esCto °give * billeting the foldiers, in purjuance of this aft; be it further enad-an account of ed by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful the number of to and for any one or more justice pr juftices of the peaoe, foldiers quar- Within their refpedive counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant tere , &c. Qr orcjer un(jer his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, at any time or times during the continuance of this ad, to require and command any high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer, who shall quarter or billet any foldiers in purfuance of .	this ad, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or

juftices requiring the fame, of the number of officers arid foldi-*	*	ers

Annoprimo GeoUgii III. c.6.	245

ers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the I names of the houfekeepers or persons, upon whom every such officer or foldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the ftreer or place where every such houfekeeper cfrvells, and of the figns (if any) belonging to their houfes; to the end it may appear to the said justice or juftices where such Officers and foldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punilh all abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

LXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That where any troops How the or parties upon command have occafion in their march to pafs1rooPs ar*t0 regular ferries in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, it over temesm shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer, either to Scotland, pafc over with his party as paflengers, or to hire the ferry boat tntire to himfelf and his party, debarring others for that time, in his option; and in cafe he (haH choose to take paflage for himfelf and party as paflengers, he shall only pay for himfelf, and for each perfon, officer, or foldier, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payable by Angle persons at any such ferry; and in cafe ne shall hire the ferry boat for himfelf and party, he shall pay half of the ordinary rate for such boat or boats; and in such places where there are no regular ferries, but that all paflengers hire boats at the rate they can agree for, officers, with or without parties, are to agree for boats, at the rate as other persons do in the like cafes.

LX1X. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared by Claufe for re-the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty fifth PcJ;fon* day of March, one thoufitnd seven hundred and sixty one, when *tTemielves”^ and as often as any person or persons shall be inlifted as a fol-dier or foldiers in his Majesty's land fervice, he and they (hall, within four days, but not fooner than twenty four hours, after such inlifting refpe&ively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or pJace, or chief magi-ftrateof any city or town corporate (not being an officer in the army) and before such justice or chief magiftrate, he or they ihall be at liberty to declare his or their diflent to such inlifting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlifting-money, and also each person fo diflenting paying the fifm of twenty (hillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons fo inlifted shall be forthwith difeharged and fet at liberty, in the prefence of such justice or chief magiftrate; but if such person or persons (hail refufe or neglect, within the fpace of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their aflent thereto before the (aid justice or chief magiftrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or them-felves, then such justice or chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly inlifted ; fetting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them refpedtively (if

R 3	known)

Perfon* refilling the Taid relief to be proceeded gainft, as if duly lifted.

2*6	Anno gfimo GboKgii HI. c.&	[1760.

kndwri) arid that the second and iuth fe£Hot»of the articles of war againft mutiny and defertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath oMhtioned ill the fakl articles of war; and if any such person or psrfons* fo to be certified as duly inlifted, shall refafe to take the find oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief itisgiftratc, it shall and may M lawful for inch officer, from whom he has received, filch money as aforesaid, to detain or confide such person or persons, until he or they shall take tht oath before required; and every military officer that shall a<3 contrary hereto* of offend herein, (ball incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this a& to be inflicted upoh any officer for making a falfe add untrue mufter) and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered ill the fame manner as any penalties or forfeitures are by this a& to be levied and recovered*

LXX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That if any person or persons shall receive the inliftmg-iftoney proceeded a- ^rom any °®cer (knowing it to be fuch) and shall abfcood or gainft, at if ' refufe to go before such jufiice or chief masiftrste* in order to declare his afient or difient* as aforefaid; fuen person or perfoni shall be deemed and taken to be itilifted to all intents and por-pofes whatfoever; and shall and may be proceedsd * gainft, as if he or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief diagiftrate.

LXXI. And, in order to	all	doubts	tbit may arife in rt*

iatio/S to P'jniJbing trims and of ernes eomrnkttd	forint Offs

of parliament, for puttijhing mutiny and	* for the bett&

payhmt of the army and their quarters; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have been committed againft any a£t for the punching mutiny and defer* tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters* shall and may, during the continuance of this prefebt a6t, be inquired of* heard* tried, and determined, adjudged* and pun* ifhed, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes end Offences, committed againft this present ad, may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and pUnilhetL None liable to LXXII. Provided always. That no person shall be liable jnfhed for of-* be tr*ed or puni(hed for any offence againft any of the said afb, fences againft unkfe ftrch offence shall have been committed withm^ three former ads, years; except only for the offence of defertiom

:01P' LXXIii. And whereas it mdy othervjife hi doubted* whether the "txi* tffiC€TS an*	employed	in	the	trains of artillery, be wkbin the

9' intent and meaning of this aft, for pttnijhtng of officers and foldiers who Jhdll mutiny, or defert his Majejly's fervid, and far prthi/hing falfe mupers, and for payment of quarters \ it is hereby ent&ed btf the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons cm pfoyed* or that shall be employed, in the several trains of artillery* be lubjedt to this st aj| times fubjeA to all the penalties aild puniftunents men*-^	tioned in this ad, and shall in all refpc&s whatfoever be holder

to

Offences a-gainft former mutiny ads punilhable by ibis ads

pnlefs committed \

3 yws i cept for defertion.

Officers, See, ot the train of artillery

*47

*?6oJ Anno primo GeoRGH III; c. 6.

to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this ad, charing the continuance of the same.

LaaIV. And whereas great mifebief and inconvenience m y 4r rife9 if it Jbeuld be doubted whether troops in pay* raised in any of the Britifh provimes in America, by authority of the refpefljve governors or governments thereof ore, while aBing in conjunction with bis Majejtfs Britifh forces, under the command of an officer having a commijfon immediately from his Majesty, liable to the fame rules and articles of war, and the fame penalties and punifiments, as the Britifh forces are fubjetl to: To prevent such mifchief and to re* move aU doubts; be it declared and enaded by the authority a-forpfaid, That all officers and foldiers of any troops, being muf- American tered and in pay, which are or shall be raised in America a$ troops, ad-aforefaid, shall at ail times, and in all places, when they hap- JnSJ.n con.'. pen to join, or ad in conjundion with, his Majesty's Britijb BritiflTforce* forces, be liable to martial law and difeipline, in like manner liable to the9 to all intents and purpofes, as the Britijb forces are, and shall fame martial be fbbjed to the fame trial, penalties, and punifhments.

LXXV. And whereas the officers and foldiers of the fgid troop$% officers and being taken prifoners in America, are frequently Jent over to Great foldiers of the Britain in a very diftrejfed condition: and whereas their pay is not ^™eriC|-ant fufficient to provide them with necessary lodgings and accommodations \	Great

be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That, during the con- Britain, finuance of this ad, it shall be lawful for the conftables, and other civil magiftrates, within England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and fillet the officers and fol- tobeauarter-dier* of the laid American troops in all such houses as are liable by this ad to receive the officers and foldiers of his Majesty'*

Britijb forces: and the said conftables, and other civil magi- * ftrates, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and foldiers of the fait) American troops in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and penalties, as are direded by this ad to be obferved in quartering and billeting the officers and foldiers of his Majesty's Britijb forces; and aliperfons on whom Jn<* undertba the officers and foldiers of the said troops shall be legally quar-	pe-

tered, refuting to receive and provide tor them, as is direded for the officers and foldiers of his Majesty** Britijb forces, shall be fubjed to the fame penalties as in the cafe of the said Britijb forces.

LXXVI. Provided also, That nothing jn this ad contained This ad not shall extend, or be any ways conftrued to extend, to concern cxt.c"? any of the militia forces of this kingdom, or of the kingdom of than Ireland, or in Jerfcy, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark9 or the islands i, direded by thereto belonging, excepting only in such cafe wherein by any the militia ad for regulating the militia forces in that part of Great Britain ,aws# called England, the provifioos contained in this ad, or in any ad for punching mutiny and defertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in refped of the officers of the militia, and private militia men, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.	[176°,

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon firong beer and ale ; and for raijing the sum of twelve millions, by way of annuities and a lotteryr, to be charged on the said duty; and for further encouraging the exportation of firong beer and ale.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	your	Majefty's mo^ dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the

VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, towards raifing, by the mod eafy means, the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty's publick expcnces, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your, Majesty, the rates, duties, and impofitions, herein after-mentioned; and do mod humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may beenadted j and be it enadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the

An additional authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth duty of 3 s. day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, Ranted on all ^lerc be, Wit^,n anc^ throughout the whole realm of Great beer or ale, Britain, raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty. above 6s. the his heirs, and fucceffors, by way of excife, over and above all ot^er duties, charges, and impofitions, by any former adtor. acts of parliament fet or impofed, an additional duty upon all beer and ale as herein after-mentioned; that is to fay, For every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife) brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately (to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons refpedtively) the sum of three shillings, and fo proportionably for a greater or leflep quantity.

A proportion- ' II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, al duty to be That for the barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and deferibed Errre^ofYwo^ *n ^event^ article °f the treaty of union, there shall be only.

paid and charged by virtue of this adf, such a proportional part of three shillings, as two (hillings bears to four (hillings and nine pence, over and above the other duties wherewith the said barrel of ale is charged in the said article, or by any fubfequent adt of parliament.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rulesj methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, mat-

.....  w	ters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth

aft ia Car. a. year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in ca-pite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other law now

iq

for Tale in England ; to commence on 24 Jan. 1761.

penny ale brewed for >fale in Scotland.

All the powers, rules, and directions, &c.e(la-blifhed by

1760.] Anno primo GeoRgii IIL c. f. 249

in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excife upon beer, or by any »» ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftabliflied, for*hyaftn°" tearing, enforcing, managing, raifine, levying, collecting, pay-Sgtoathedu-ing, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, the ties of excife, duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punithing frauds relating thereto (not otherwise alter- are extended ed by this aCt) shall beexercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufed, im- to the duties pofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecu- granted by ring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying,thM a^# mitigating, and adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punilhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, dire&ions, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters', and things, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this present aCt.

IV.	And for the preventing of difputes which may arife touching the breaking in* or mixing into, guiles or brewings of beer or ale brewed after the commencement of this oQ, fucb beer or ale as hath

been brewed before the commencement thereof and which bath re-	brewed

mained in the cuftody of the brewer thereof ever since the fame wasbefore the said brewod > be it enaCted and declared by the authority aforesaid, *4 J*n. if anT That all beer and ale brewed before the commencement of this time thereaf-aCt, which, at any time after the commencement thereof, shall anAft£fh be broke into, or mixed with, any frefh guile or brewing of or brewing, is beer or ale, shall be, and js hereby made liable to the said aadi- to pay the *d-tional duty impofed by this aCt.	ditional duty.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That A drawback for the further encouragement of the exportation of ale and of 8s. per bar-ftrong beer, and thereby for the advancement of trade and en- b^he couragement of tillage and manufacture of this realm, it shall commiftLners and may be lawful, from, and after the twenty fourth day of of excife on January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for any all beer and person in any fea port, or upon any navigable river, to export

and (hip off as merchandize, within any of theufual and allow- ^janAnd ed ports by law, and at the common quays for exportation and exported to lading on board of merchandize, or quays to be appointed for foreign partsj that purpofe, and within the ufual hours of excife, for account of himfelf or any other (to be exported into foreign parts) in the prefence of a fworn gauger, or other fworn officer to be appointed by the farmers, commissioners, or fub-commiflioners, of his Majesty's excife, upon notice thereof to them given at the office of excife within the limits whereof the said ftrong beer and ale was brewed or made, of the refpeCtive port or place where the fame shall be (hipped, any fort of ftrong beer or ale to be fpent beyond the feas; which faid gauger or officer afore- the proper of. faid shall certify the quantity of the said ftrong beer and ale (hip-ped off to the commissioners and officers of excife, where the catcVfthe * entry thereof shall be made, who are hereby required, after quantity exproof being made, that the duties have been charged or paid, ported, and and that the ftrong beer or ale was brewed after the twenty

fourth duiy .

Anno primo Georgii III, c. 7. [tyCo.

fourth day of yanuary, one tbouftnd fewn hundred end sixty one, to make an allowance or drawback of eight (htOingjr fox every barrel on all ftrong beer or ale, brewed or made after the twenty fourth day of January^ one thouiand seven hundred and

fiYtv	?»n/1	fn	nntn thd Kpm»#»	mekar

per ton tor per ton tor the cnarges or their omcers, and no more; whiett c«?r*esofthc fai<l allowance or drawback, is hereby declared to be in full for

officers.	j____1__.l.	 ....	     1__.1.:____.j c.__

all drawbacks or allowances which can or may be claimed for the fame.

AftiW.&M. VI. And whereas by an act made in the firfi year of the reign of

the late King William and JQueen Mary, intituled, At\ aft for encouraging the exportation olfcom, an allowance of two /billings and fix pence per quarter, is to be paid to the exporter of barley or malt, when the fame is fold at twenty four JbilHngs per quarter, or under: and whereas the exportation of beer which is made from

Bounty of is. tilted com only, and whereon the malt duties have been already paid, per barrel to' will tend to the further encouragement of tillage and manu/adhere, be paid by the and be of publico utility; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, onmn^Sootrs That for every barrel of ftrong beer or ale, proved to have been anftrong^er^^^ after t*ic twenty fourth day of January, one thqnland and ale ex- seven hundred and sixty one, from malted com, and whereupon ported, for the duties for ftrong beer or ale shall be proved to have been which duties charged or paid, there shall be paid to the exporter of the same paid, brewed a$ merchandize, by the commissioners of his Majesty's excife, after the (aid or other proper officer belonging to them, when barley is at 34 fan. from twenty four (hillings per quarter, or under, upon producing from or o^10^ of excife, who faw the ftrong beer or ale at 14s. per™ (hipped on board, a certificate of the quantity fo (hipped, out quarter, or of the duties granted by this present aft, the sum of one (hilling under. for every barrel of ftrong beer or ale fo exported.

Duty to be VII. And, to the intent his Majeflfs duty of excife may not be paid for (h ong prejudiced, for such firong beer or ale as JbaR be [pent on Jbtp-board\ r rormnj ke If enafted by the authority aforesaid. That his Majesty's (pent on Hap- commissioners and officers of the customs (hall, and they are

*0*td.	u___u_____..j _ •	—	.u___________In___

hereby required and enjoined, to charge every mafter pf any (hip or vettel, in his viftualling bill, with so much ftrong beer or ale, and no more, as such number of men ufed to (pend id such voyages; the excife whereof to be recovered according to the laws and rules ali^ady eftabliffied.

All powers, VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-rules, me- thority aforesaid, That all the roles, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, elaufes, matters, and things, 33 Gm?*. with which by an act made in the last session of parliament (intituled; retpeft to the An act for preventing the exccjfive ufie of fpirituous lifuors, by laying drawback and additional duties thereon ; for Shortening the prohibition of making win** ttnd Spirits from wheat, barley, malt, and other grain, and

i?&>»] Anno prlmoGko&oii III. c. 7.

251

far and in refpoft .to the paying aod allowing the drawback and therein, to he bounty thereby granted upon Spirits exported as merchandize,!n. and for preventing, dotefting, and punching frauds and abides, ^hc drawback in the relanding the fame, and all other frauds and abufea pre- and bounty, vious to the (hipping, or relating to the exportation of such fpi- &c- payable rits, and the obtaining such drawback and bounty, not other* under thii aft. wife altered by this aft, (hall, except such parts as relate to the fixe of the calks and burden of the (hips or vefiels, he exer-ciied, praftifed, applied, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for paying ana allowing the drawback and bounty hereby granted upon beer and ale; and for preventing, detefting, and punilhutg frauds and abufes in the relanding nich beer or ale, and all other frauds and abufes previous to the (hipping, or relating to the exportation thereof, and the obtaining the said drawback and bounty} aa fully aod effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the said rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again re-enafted in the body of this present aft.

IX.	And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Fine*, penal-aforefaid, That all finds, penalties, and forfeitures herein before *!**» impofitd, shall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by [j^1 b^^iST such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfei- Md frri«a. ture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of

excite (not otherwise direfted by this aft) or by aftipn of debt, bill, plaint, of information, in any of his Majeny's courts of record at IFeJlminJltr, or in the court of Excbtqtur in Sathnd re-fpeftively j and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall b« to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall difeover, inform, or fue for the ferae.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The ,mount

the several and refpeftive officers who shall ba employed in the of the new du-afieffing, railing, collefting, levying, and recovering, the duties tie* to be di-by this aft granted, (hall, from time to dose, diftinguilh in their	19

accounts, the amount of the monies arifing by such duties, and accounts™ shall pay the (ame into the receipt of the exchequer, diftinftly and	'

foparamy from all monies to arife by any other duties upon beer

and ale} and that in the office of the auditor of the receipt of ?™	P**^

the exchequer, a book or books (hail be provided and kept, in chequer Vtpa. which all the monies arifing by virtue of this aft, and paid into ratty from al) the said receipt, shall be entered, fcparate and apart from all other duties, ether monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and &c* foaceflors, upon any account whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Thefc rfwtie* aforesaid, That the several and retfwftive annuities .which by

this aft are herein after direfted to attend the principal firm of ^nt oftbe twelve millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and pay- annuities able out of, the said duties by this aft granted upon beer and chargeable ex ale, and the fiud duties are hereby appropriated for that purpofe b^Jwedtm

accordingly.

2$z	Afcrib	primfe	Georgii IlL c. 7/	[1766.

XII.	And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament cJfemMed have refolved, That, towards raiftng the fupply granted to his Majejly in this present fi/fion of parliament, the sum of twehe millions be raifcd.in manner following \ that is to fay, The fum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds he raffed by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and that every contributor to the said eleven millions four hundred thousand poundSy Jhall also be iatitled to an annuity of one poundy two /billings, and fix pencey for every one hundred pounds contributedy to continue for a certain term of ninety nine years irrcdeemabUy and to be transferable at the bank of England; and that the sum of fix hundred thousand pounds be also raised by a lottery, attendant on the said annuities , the blanks and prizes whereof to be converted into like three pounds per centum tranferrable annuities with the above mentioned three pounds per centum annuitieSy to be payable in refpefl of the said eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds; and that all the said three pounds per centum annuities be added toy and made part of the joint flock of three pounds per centum annuities confolidated at the bank of England : and whereas purfuant to and upon the several terms and conditions exprejfed in the said refolution9 several per-fons havey in boots opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, fubfiribed together the whole of the faiafum of twelve millionSy and made depoftts of fifteen pound spec centum on the reffective fums by them fo fubfiribed with the ca/hiers of the bonk of England: and whereas several of the said fubferibers may have already paidy or may hereafter payy unto the Jaid co/biersy the whole, or fame further part whohavcr*l or Pjris> fum k khm refpeftively Jubfiribedy previous to the ready made" day* limited and appointed for the said nfpetiive payments; be it depo(it& of 15L therefore enafled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and of the may be lawful to and for all such fubferibers who have made-fd”b fUheCnk depofits with the laid cafhiers as aforesaid, to advance and pay, towards the they are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the ca-purchafe of fhier or caftiiers of the said governor and company of the bank annuities on of England; which cafhier or ca(hiers is and are hereby ap-the sum of pointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, with-to b<frai£d on	anY ot^cr >varrant t0 be had on that behalf; the several re-

the credit of mainders of the fums by them refpeclively fubferibed towards this aft, are the said fum of twelve millions, at or before the refpe&ive times to make their or jayS> and \n the proportions herein after limited and ap-snents[<m." P°^nlc^ on that behalf; that is to fay, In refpeft of their pro-* in refp'ea of portionable (hare of the said fum of eleven millions four hun-thrirpropor- dred thousand pounds, the further fum of fifteen pounds per tional (hare of centumy being part of the fum fo remaining, on or before tho twenty eighth day of February# one thousand seven hundred and by »8Febr. sixty one; the further fum of ten pounds per centumy other part 10I. per cent. thereof, ©n or before the fourteenth day of April then next fol-by H April, ]0wmg; the further fum of ten pounds per centumy other part bv £] May/' thereof, on or before the twenty seventh day of May then next to 1. ptr cent. following; the further fum of ten pounds per centumy other part by 13 June, thereof, on or before the twenty third day of June then next

following $

1760,] Anno primo Georgii III c. 7,	253

following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, other part jo 1-per thereof, on or before the thirty first day of July then next fol-lowing; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, other part by Auguft, thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of Augujl then next 10I. perctnt. following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, other part by 15 Sept, thereof, on or before the twenty fifth day of Septemberthen next following; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per cen- p# ceatfby turn, on or before the twentieth day of' Qftober then next fol- %o Otfobcr, lowing: and in refped of their proportionable (hare of the said J7&1; fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, the further fum of twenty theirrcT-five pounds per centum, being part of the fum fo remaining, on £0rtionaWhar« or before the twenty first day of March, one thousand seven of 600,0001. hundred and sixty one; the further fum of thirty pounds per 25 Per cent, centum, other part thereof, on or before the twentyminth day ** of April then next following; and the remaining fum of thirty by i9 Aprilj •pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of July then and 30 u per •next following.	«*/. by 15

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ncxt* That the several fubferibers or contributors, their executors. Annuitants adminiftrators, fucceljbrs, and afligns, in refpetft of the said intitled to 3 L fum of eleven millions four hundred-thoufand pounds, fhall/'r™l/ in-be intitled to an annuity after the rate of three pounds ^ fu°m of* tenium per annum, for and upon every one hundred pounds Il>400>000|t by them refpedtively fubferibed, advanced, and paid towards and to the fur-(he faid fum, redeemable by parliament; and shall also be in- thcr fum of 11, titled, for and upon every one hundred pounds fo fubferibed,

to an annuity after the rate of one pound two (hillings and yearS# r 99 fix pence per centum per annum, for a certain term of ninety nine Annuities to years; all which faid annuities shall commence and be comput- take place5 ed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred Jan. 1761, and sixty one, and shall be paid by half-yearly payments, in even *nd t0 be P41* and equal portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day	fa

of January, in every year: and that the several fubferibers or and 5 Jan. * contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and Subfcnbers to afligns, in refped of the said fum of fix hundred thousand the fo^oooh pounds, shall be intitled to as many tickets in the lottery herein proportion* after-mentioned, as the fum or fums by them refpeflively fub- able {hare of (bribed, advanced, and paid, shall purchafe, after the rate of lottery tickets, ten pounds for each ticket; and that the said fum of fix hun- a* \c?ch| dred thousand pound* shall carry an annuity after the rate of Jo carry three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; pn ctnt. inl and such annuity shall commence and be computed from thetereft; fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two,to pl*c« and (hail be paid by half-yearly payments, in even and equalon H5 portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, half-yearly^ in every year.	viz. on 5 July*

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority, aforesaid, and 5 Jan. That all such fubferibers or contributors, their executors, ad- c®I|tnrib^t^* miniftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, paying in the whole of the ^holcfoTtheir fums by them refpebfively fubferibed towards the said fum of fubferiptions eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, on or before towards the .the eighteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred **aid rum ot

and

towards the said fum of 600,0001. to have lottery tickets deli.

*54	Anno	primoGEOROii III. c.7.	f	1766.

11,400,0001. and sixty one, (hail be intitled to an allowance of so much rwo-°i	u t*ic interest of the several fums fo paid on or before the

to bellowed b'd eighteenth day of Sept, after the rate of three pounds interdt forth	epercentum per	annum, (haH amount to, from the day on which

fame, at the such payments shall have been adually made, to the twentieth rate of j I. perday Ofieberthen next following, such allowance to be paid fiffn	by the said ca(hier or calhiers out of the monies contributed to-

of such pay- wards the hid fum of eleven millions four hundred thoufimd ment, to 16 pounds, as foon as such rdpe&ive fubfcnbers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, AtcoriTors, and affigns, shall have And thofe compkated such payment; and that all the fubfariben or con-paying w tbe tribntors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuoceflors, or afligne, fubfcriSion^-f the "»»<* Of the fum or films by them re^e&ivdy ihbfcribed towards the Cud film of fix hundred thouftnd pounds, shall have lottery tickets delivered to them, to the amount of the principal fum or fums by them fubferibed and paid for the purchafe thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, is ▼creTthcm to foon as such tickets can conveniently be made out. the amount of XV. And be k further enacted, That all the annuities afore-their fubferip- faid {hall be transferable at the bank of England; the laid an-Ammities	tmkies of throe pounds per centum per annum being fubjedt never-

transferable thelefs to fitch redemption as is hereafter mentioned, at the bank. XVI. And be it further traded by the authority afotefefd, Cafhier of the That the cafhcer or cafhiers of the governor and company of bank to sire the bank of England, wholhaU have reoeived, or (hull receive, th^rrvolies My V**1 °f	contributions, towards the said fiimof eleven

paid in $	antflions four bund red tboufand pounds, fhalLgive a receipt or re-

which are af- criptsin writing to every such contributor for all (bch films? and fignahJeatany that tbe receipts to be given Jhafll be aflignaMe, by mdorfement S * •k^^P011 ***&&, ut any time before the fifth day of December, cc‘17 '* une thousand fcven hundred and Cutty one, and no longer.

Calhier togine XVII. Provided always. That fudficalhier or eaftliers fiiwil fecority give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commiffionerc of the tre?fury, or the high treasurer for the time being. For duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Ma-jefty's exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and fhaH hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the laid fum of twelve millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed; and Thai], from time to time, pay &H and top&ythefocb monies, as foon as he or they shall receive the fame,or any monies into part thereof, or within five days afterwards at thefortheft* and the exchequer* jfcreh account for the fame in the exchequer according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout such fums as fhafll have been paid by him or them m purfuance of this a&; for which faros fo paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

Trcafury to XVIII. And be it further enatfted by the authority afonefaid, applyISe mo- That it lhall and may be lawful for three or more ot the coniines to the Cer- arifflbners of the trcafury, or the high treasurer forthe thne being, vices voted hy to iffue and apply from time to time, all such fums of money as the xoomons. ^ fo paid into‘the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by

ili•

*55

1766.] i Anno primo Georg 11 III. c. 7.

the feid calhier 6t cafhiers, to such fervice? as shall then hive been voted by the commons of Grtat Britain, in this present fdlxon of parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contributors Thit in the office of the accomptant general of the governor ™mcs'^*.to and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book [^office of* or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the the accompt-contributora shall be fairly entered ; which book or books the ant general of faid refpeftive contributors, their refpeftive executors, admini- tbc bank, ftrators, facceflbrs, and afligns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and mfoeft, without any fee or charge: and that the said accomptant general (hall. Duplicate i)n or before the fifth day of July, one thousand (even hundred thereof to be and sixty three, tranfmit an attefted duplicate fairly written on •r!n?Ttted<i^ paper of the fard book or books, into the office of the auditor |0l?g 0ffiCeUbr pf the receipt of hfe Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for 5 July, i76j/ over.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid^ The monks * That fuCh contributors duly paying tne whole firm or fums fob- arifing by the fcrrbed, at or before the refpeftive times in this aft limited in

that behalf, and their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuc- atedtopa^** cefibrs, and afligns, shall have., receive, and enjoy, and be in- ment or the tided, by virtue of this aft, to have, receive, and eh joy, their annuities, proportionable (hare of the said annuities of three pounds pvr centum per annum, by this aft granted, in refpeft of the firm fo fubferibed, out of the monies appropriated by this arft for payment thereof, and Stall have good and fure interefts and eflates therein; fubjeft nevertheWs to redemption as is herein after-mentioned concerning the said annuities* according to the feve-Yal provifions in this aft contained; and that all the annuities by this aft granted, shall be free from all taxes, charges, and hnpofitions, whatfoever.

XXI.	Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors p

who have already depofited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the not”making1 Caid earthier or caftiiers, any fum or fums of money, at tne times, good tbeir and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums payment* fo by them refpcftively fubferibed, or their refpeftive executory, within the adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, shall not advance and pay forfeit their to the (aid calhier or caftiiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo depofit*. fubferibed, at the times, and in the manner before-mentioned.; then, and ineverv such cafe, so much df the refpeftive fum or fums fo fubferibed as shall have been aftually paid in part thereof, to the said cafliier or caftiiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the ptrblick; and all right and title to the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in Tefpeft thereof, shall be extinguilhed ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary threreof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, principaltyrat That as Toon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra- to t* placed tors, fucceflors, or amgns, shall have compleated their payments credit ^of the whole fum payable by them refpcftively towards the riv^ontn^*

f^^butons

percent.

Accomptant general to

256	Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.	[17604

fum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, the prin-cipal fum or fums fo by them fubfcribed and paid refpedlively* shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpedlive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, compleating such payments refpedlively ; and the persons to whofe credit such prin-The fame cipal fums shall be fo placed, their refpedlive executors, admini-may be affign- ftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, shall and may have power to af-fign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England ; and carry an- and such fums shall carry an annuity after the rate of three nukies of jl. pounds per centum per annum, redeemable bv parliament, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transterrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That the accomptant general of the bank of England {hztt, and 4	he is hereby authorized and required, upon the payment of

ed^in thecelv" thirty pounds on or before the said twenty eighth day of Febru-tificatofj ary> one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for every one hundred pounds fo fubfcribed as aforesaid, towards the said fum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, to give credit, in books to be provided for that purpofe, to such refpedlive contributors fo making such payments, their executors, ad miniftra-tors, fucceflors, and afligns, for the said annuity, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and fix pence, for every one hundred pounds fubfcribed, add whereof thirty pounds shall have which may be^been paid as aforesaid ; and all such annuities shall and may transferred, from thenceforth be, from time to time, afligned and transfer-# red in books to be provided and kept for that purpofe by the said accomptant general, feparately and diftindlly from the other an-Amurities to nuities eftablilhed by this adl ; and the said annuities, after the continue to be rate of one pound, two shillings, and fix pence, shall continue paid for 99 to be paid out of the fund hereby eftablilhed* for that purpofe for the certain term of ninety nine years, to be computed from the said fifth day of 'January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and at the expiration of such term shall ceafe and be extinguiflied.

Deficiencies to X&IV. And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforesaid, be made good That if at any time or times it shall happen, that the produce of the said duties hereby granted for payment of the said several ' annuities, shall not be fufficient to pay and difeharge the several and refpedlive annuities, and other charges diredled to be paid at the end of any or either of the refpedlive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby diredled to be paid; then, and fo often, and in every such cafe, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufles. excefles, overplus monies, and Other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The finkinz

■ \	' funS>

years.

out of the (inking fund ;

1760 ]	Anno	primd	GeoRGII	III; C. 7.	257

fknd> (except fach monies of the said finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former alt or alts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said linking fund shall and may be, from time to time, iflued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times before any monies of the said duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid which shall be altually * incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned, that then, and in every such cafe, the money fo wanted shall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the finking fund (except as before excepted) and beiflued accordingly.

XXV.	Provided always, and be itena&ed by the authority Tobereplaced aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the fink- out of the first ing fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of Applies.

the first fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it cna&ed by the authority Surplus mo-aforefaid. That in cafe there shall be any furplus or remainder of ?iet

the monies arifing by the said duties hereby granted, after the

laid several and refpeltive annuities and charges, and all arrears jiameat.

thereof, are fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referyed for

that purpofe, such overplus or remainder, (hall, from time to

time, be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and shall not

be iflued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be di-	.	^

relied by future alt or alts of parliament; any thing in any

former or other alt or alts of parliament to the contrary not-

withftanding.

XXVII.	And, for eftablifhing a proper method for drawing Managers and •he faid lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, dire&ors of That such persons as the commissioners of his Majesty's treafu- the lottery to ry, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea- £c

furer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury

for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers

and direltors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to

overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform,

fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this alt

direlted and appointed by such managers and direltors to be

done and performed; and that such managers or direltors (hall

meet together, from time to time, at fome publick office or

place for the execution of the powers and trufts in them repofed

by this alt; and that the said managers and direltors, or fo Method of the

many of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the lottery books.

major part of them* shall caufe books to be prepared, in which

every leaf shall be divided or diftingui(hed into three columns ;

and upon the innermoft of the said three columns there shall be

printed sixty thousand tickets, to be numbered I, II, III, and fo

onwards in an arithmetical progreffion, where the common cx-

cefs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fixty

thoufand; and upon the middle column in every of the said

books shall be minted sixty thousand tickets of the same breadth

- Vol. XXIII.	S	and

Armo primoGcoRGii EH. c. 7.	[fcy6o.'

and form, *nd numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the (aid books there shall be printed a third tank or feries of tiokets,?of*he fame number with thofeof the other two columns ; which tickets shall feverallv be of an dblong figure, and in the saidbooks shall be joined with oblique lines, ikm-rifhes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, fliall think molt fafe and convenient; and thfct everv ticket in the third or^extreme column of the said books shall have written or .printed-thereupon (bolides the number of such ticket, andthepreient'yearof mur Lord Chrift} words to this effect;

THIS ticket will intitle the bearer thereof to fix pounds, or to a better thunee, in ajoint Jlociof annuities, afar the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, ircmsferrable at the .bank df England.

Duplicates al-fo of the (aid tickets to be prepared in books, with two columns, on each of which 4.0,000 tickets to be punted.

Cafhiers to Return the books with the remainder of the tickets.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby enadted. That die find managers anddire&ors, or fo many of them as shall be prefentat such meeting or the major part of them then prefent, shall carefully examine all the (aid books, with the tickets therein, and take cam that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made, accordingtto the true intent and meaning of this a&; and shall deliver, ©r caufe to be delivered, the fame books, and every or any of them, asthey shall be examined, to the said cafhier or caftiiers, taking from such calhicror cafhiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his .or their receipt of such book or books, and fo many tickets therein as shall bo delivered :to him nr them refpe&ivety; and all and every Inch cathier or cafhiers xefpe&ively i s an dare hereby dhedted and re-* quired, upon his or their receiving <every or any entire fum <df ten pounds, ini full payment of a ticket, from any perfonor persons contributing or adventuring asafbrefaid, to cut out of the (aid book or books fo to be put into his or their cuftody, through the (aid oblique lines, fiourithes, or devices, indent-wife, one of the tickets in the hud.extreme columns, which the (aid calhier or cafhiers shall fign with his or their own name or* names $ and he or they shall permit the contributor, if it be defired, to write his or her name or mark on the corcefponding ticket in the fame book; and . at the fame time theiaid cafhier or cafliiers (ball delivcrto the said contributor the ticbet fo cut off, whichiie, (he, or they, -are rto . keep and ufe for the better afeertainingand securing the interest which he, (he, or they-, bis, her, or their executors, edminiftrators, incceffors, or af-figns, shall or may have in the said fund.

XXIX.	And be it furtherxnafied by theauthority tfbrefaid. That the said calhier arxafhiers, on or hefme the fecund day of November, one thousand fevenhundred and fixtyone, fliall redeliver to the CM managers and dire&ors, at their faid office or place of meeting, all theiaid books, and therein *11 the txc-1*0$ which die faid calhkr or cafhiers fliall not have cut out and

*7^0*3 Anno prijw CtQjiqn HI. c. 7.

and delivered fo the contributor? a? aforefani; and shall then and there ^Jfodeliver to the said managers and director? a trge and juft account in writing under hi? or their hand pr hands, of all fums of money accrued or come to the hands of fpeh ca(hier or caftilers, by or for the tickets delivered or to be delivered out purfuant to thi? a&, and how the fame, pr how much thereof,. rtiall have been aftuajly paid by such ca(hier pr caffriers jnto the receipt of the exchequer for the purpofe? herein mentioned: ind that the said manager? and directors, pr the major part of them which shall bp present at a meeting a? aforcfaj<£ shall forthwith caufe all the tickets of the said oqtergipft column? which shall not have been delivered to the contributors as aforesaid, if any such bp, tQ be delivered into the receipt of his Ma-jefty's exchequer, there to be retained and kept as ca(h, to be iflued, fold, and difpofed of, fpr raising money for the purpofe?

• in this a& mentioned, as the commifponers of his Majesty'? treafpry, or the high treaforer fQ.r the time being, (hah judge rfcafonable and fitting.

XXX.	A«d b? it further pna&ed. That the said manager? Ticket* of the gnd directors, or the major part of them, which shall be pre- middle co-fent at a meeting gs aforesaid, shall caufe all the tickets of the lu?,\s to **

•. middle column? in the books made out vyith tluee columns, a? SftenetPmth gforefaid, which (hail be delivered back tp them, by or from the (ilk-faid ca/hipr or calhier? a? aforesaid, to be carefully rolled pp and 9 made feft with thread pr fdk i and the said manager? or directors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, (hall, in their pre- and cut off fence, and in the prefence of such contributor? or adventurer? indentwife in-as will be there, cayfe all the said tickets, which are to be fo^aj££ the rolled up and made faft as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwife ictt™ (A) through the said oblique lines, floprifhes, or device?, into a box to be prepared fpr that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is prefently tp be put up into another ftrong box, and to be locked with seven different locks and keys, to Box to be be kept by as many of the said manager?, and fealed with their locked up and feals, or the fealsof fome of them, until the said tickets arq to “****• be drawn, as is herein after mentioned ; and that the tickets in the first or innenpoft columns of the said books, shall remain (till in the books for difbovering any miftake or fraud (if any such (hould happen to beepmmitted) contrary to the true meanr jne of this a&.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Book* to be That the said manager* and directors, qr the major part q{ them, prepared with which shall be present at any meeting a? aforesaid, shall also pre- * c?!U?n b*°£ pjire, or caufe to be prepared, other books in whfeh every leaf^^^ketf /hall be divided or diftingpilhcd into tw9 cplppms ; and ppop to'be printed, the innermoft of thofe two colutpps there (hah be printed (ncty thousand tickets, and upon the OWteripoft 9f the (aid two column?

there shall be printed (Uty thopfeod tickets, all which fhalj bp of equal length and breadth, a? near as ippy bp; which twp columns in the said books shall he joined with (pp>* jBoprilh or device, through which the putermw tickets may he fqt off in-

S a	dentwife	j

The number and value of the fortunate tickets.

5001. to the hrft drawn ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn.

*6o	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 7.	[1760*

dentwife; and that eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of thofe to be contained in the outermoft columns of the books laft-mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is 1 herein after-mentioned ; and the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall caufe the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise exprefled, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following j that is to fay, upon two of them feverally ten thousand pounds principal money; upon two of them feverally five thousand pounds principal money ; upon every one of four of them feverally, two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of ten of them feverally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money ; upon every one of one hundred of them feverally, one hundred pounds principal money ; upon every one of two hundred and one of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money; upon everyone of eleven thousand fix hundred and fix of them feverally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal fums, lo to be written, or otherwise exprefled upon the said fortunate tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the first drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds principal money to the owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits which may happen to belong to the two laft mentioned tickets, and, together with the sum of fix pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the said lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue of this adt in refped of Tickets of the the said lottery; and the said managers and directors, or the outermoft co- major part of them, who shall be present at a meeting as afore-lumns of the (ball caufe all the said tickets, contained in the outermoft ed book^bc co^umns the said laft-mentioned books, to be, in the preroiled up and 'fence of the said managers and directors, or the major part of tied,	of them, which shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, and

in the prefence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with thread or fi!k, and carefully cut out indentwife through the said flourilh or device, into another box, to be prepared for this purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (B), which box (ball be put into another ftrong box, and locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, and up and fealed up with their feals, or the feals of fome of them, until ‘ ~	*-	thefe tickets shall also be drawn in the manner and form herein

after mentioned; and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the (aid boxes the said tickets, arid locking up and fealing the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last fix days immediately preceding the day by this a£t appointed for the drawing the said lottery: and to* the end every '*	r	perfoji.

and cut out indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be

17S0.]	Anno	primo	Georgii	III.	C.	7.	z6t

perfon concerned may be well affured that the counterpart of P“W*ck no-the fame number with his or her ticket is put into the box ^ven°of times marked with the letter (A) from whence the fame may be drawn, putting the and that other matters are done as hereby dire&ed, fome publick tickets into notification in print shall be given of the precife time or times the bofces. jof potting the (aid tickets into the said boxes, to the end that fitch adventurers, as shall be minded to fee the fame done, may be present at thi doing thereof.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Lottery to be-That on or before the sixteenth day of November, one thousand gin drawing seven hundred and sixty one, the laid managers and directors on 16 Nov. shall caufe the (aid several boxes, with all the tickets therein, i?6lm to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, fo that the fame may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpofe, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, and shall then and there feverally attend this fervice, and caufe Method to be the two boxes containing the said tickets, to be feverally taken obferyed in out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been lock- drawmS» cd up; and the tickets or lots in the refpe&ive innermoft boxes being, in the prefence of the said managers and dire&ors, or such of them as shall be then prefent, and of such adventurers as will be there for the fatisfa&ion of themfelves, well (haken and mingled in each box diftin&ly ; fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed by the said managers, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be then prefent, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit perfon, tar be appointed and direfted in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thousand and fifty five blank tickets shall be promif-cuoufly put as aforefaid; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots lhall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the said blank at the fame time drawn, shall both be put upon one file ; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal fum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatfoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and overfee for this purpofe, into % book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal fums whereunto they shall be intitkd refpe&ively, and two of the said managers shall fet their names as witnefles to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and fo the said drawing of the tickets shall continue,1 by taking one ticket at a time out qf each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the feme, and by en-

S 3	tering





After etch day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and fealed*

Number* of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difputes relating thereto, to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty ot forging tickets or certificates,

felony.

Managers to be Iworn.

Anrtb prime GeorOii III. c. 7.	[1760.,

•ittg the fortunate lota in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one More for the last drawn afore&id, shall be completely drawn $ and as the Ame cam** be performed In one day's time, the said managers or directors shall caufe the boxes to be locked up and (baled In manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next day, and fo from day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Cthankfgiviftg and faftdays) and then open the fame, and proceed as above, till the fatd whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforefaid; and afterwards the said riuititofed tickets (0 drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn agaioft the fame, shall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up at aforesaid, and UflA der the cuftody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjuft, and fettle the property thereof.

XXIII. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether abfent or prefent, to what degree they have been fo; be it on* afted, That the Aid managers lhall, as foon at conveniently may be, after the said drawing is over, caufe to be printed and publifhed the number of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate ticket, and the principal fum written on the fame*, and If any contention or difpute shall arife in the adjusting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major pan of the said managers agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any person or persons (hail forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this ad, or alter any the numbers thereof, or uttar, vend, barter, or difpofe of, or offer to dilpofe of, any falfe, altered, forged, or Counterfeit ticket or tickets, cenificate or cenificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the Aid managers, or any of them, or to the cafhier or accomptant general ot the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatfoever, with * fraudulent intention 5 then every such person or persons, being thereof convifted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and dial! fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and direftors, or any two or mote of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowtred, to caufe any person or persons bringing or uttering ftich forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Nnvgati, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or perfona shall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft for the said felony according to law.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be ft manager and director for putting this aft in ex-

ecution,

 L^ooQLe

1760Anno primp Georgii in, c.y>

tcurion,, before his afting in foch commiffion, (hall, take the; oath following j that is to fay,

I A.	do J\wear,	/ iw// faithfully execute the truft repofed—. .

in me y and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or 1 ^°* * permit or dired any person to ufe any indired art or means y to ohtaim a prize or fortunate lot* for myjelf or any other person whatfoetuer y and that I will do the utmojl of my endeavour to prevent any. undue* » or [snifter practice to be done by any person whatfoever y and that I will, to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize\lot* or ticket, of right does belong, according to tie true intent and meaning of the ad of parliament made be the frftyear of bis Majefly's reign in that behalf.

tVhicb faid oath shall and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

XXXV.	Provided always,, That it shall andmay be lawful tacalhier, on

and for the (aid ca(hier or caQiiers, having given fecurityas afore* receiving the said, at any time or times, before fach cafhier or cadnees shall have received any book or books from the said managers, coin- ^ prehending the laid (buy thousand tickets as afore fa id, in three ' columns as aforesaid, to receive from any person or pet fans who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance, the refidu* of any fum of ten pounds, or several Aims of ten pounds upon this a ft as aforesaid, the foms (a offered to be contributed or advanced at one intire payment, or in foch proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cafhier or cafhiers dull have received foch book or books i and the said cafhjes or caihierst0 shall give a note or receipt under his or their hatid or •“--set the fum or foms fo contributed; and shall be obliged thereby,	*

and by this aft, to give the bearer of every such note or receipt, .thc. a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the three columns j^cry ticifet book or books aforesaid, for every ten pounds fo contributed, for every iol. paid, or anfwered, as foon as be or they (hail be enabled there- fubferibed. unto, by delivery of any such book or books to him or them from the (aid managers as aforesaid j any thing herein contained to the contary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any such contributor or contributors adventurer, as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down not making 9 to foch cafhier or cafhiers, a proportion of his, her, or their good their confideration-money, his, her, or their executors, adtniniftra- payment*

tors, fucceflbrs, or afllgns, do not advance and pay unto such ^lthm /,*.	.	• *. .	4 fL. , r ' , . times limited,

cafhicr or cafhiers the remaining part of his, her, or their con- to forfeit thfeU

Adoration-money fo to be paid, in full, for foch tickets as afore- depofiti. faid, on or before the times for paying thereof as aforesaid ; that then, and in every such cafe, every foch contributor or adventurer (hall* forfeit and lofe to his Majesty, for the ufe of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchafe-money, which he, (he, or they, shall have fo paid down as aforefaid; and in such cafe no ticket or tickets shall be delivered out by the (did cafhier or cafhiers* to such contributor or contributors mak~

S 4	ing



264	Apnb	primo	Geo&gxi	IIL	c.y*	[17^7#

ing such default; but the ticket and tickets which should h*¥* been delivered tb such contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the fame, shall be returned apd deliver* ed to the said managers and directors by the said calhier or calhiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outer-mod column of the book and books nrd herein-mentioned

S'

Managers,&c. tp be paid by the commif-fioners of the treasury out pf the lottery money.

Limitation of fale of chances, &c.

penalty.

and directed to be prepared', which shall not have been dilpofed of to contributors as aforesaid ; and such ticket and ticket* upon and for which defaults of payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's ex*-chequer, with other the said undifpofed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as ca(h, and to be iffued, fold, and dif-pofed of, for the purposes and in the manner herein before directed and appointed with refpeft to the said yndifpofed tickets; and the said contributor and contributors making such default, shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any: benefit or advantage for or in refpeft of the money which he, (he, of they, shall have paid, for or towards the purchafeof such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXXVII.	Provided also,' and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid. That out of the monies to arife by and out of any of the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to difeharge such incident cxpences as shall neeeffarily attend the execution of' this aft, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time bein*, (hall, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery; or any (hare or (hares pf any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatfo-cver in confideration of the repayment of any fum or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove Fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint^ or ipformatipn, in any of his Ma-:

 v^ooQie

17^0-1	Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.	265

lefty's courts of record at Wtftmmjler; in which no effoin, pro. tedtion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame ; and every such fide, wager, or contrad, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons fru;«g That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or fluucs in tic-(hall print or publilh any fcheme or propofal, for receiving any k*t* of which fum or fums of money in confideration of any interest to be pofleffed.a<* granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, ^ whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually pof-fcffed, or in confideration of any film or fums of money to be repaid in cafe any ticket, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be in the actual pofieffion of such person or pemns, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeuy's courts of record at Wtjl-minjler; in which no efioin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perion or persons who shall fue for the fame; and also shall fuller three months imprifon-ment without bail or mainprize.

XL. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefiud, offences com. That if any offence againft this ait, or any of the aits of par- mitted in Ire-liament made in this kingdom, for preventing private and un- land againft lawful lotteries, shall be committed in Inland, the offender	„nV

(hall incur the like penalty and puniftiment to be infiiited in lawful Totte-like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; ries, declared and that such penalties as, by this ait, or any of the said aAs, be punifh-are direited to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of re- "j*	.

cord at	JVejlminJltr, (hall, in cafe of offences committed againft fued ™ in.

this ait or any of the said aits in Ireland, be recovered in any of Dublin. . his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XLI. And to the end that all and every the* payments, as After the well upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be ia7ing more eafily afcertained, fettled, and adjufted, for the perions tkkeM*to who shall be and become intitled thereunto ; be it further en- be exchanged aited by the authority aforesaid. That as foon as conveniently for certifi-may be after the drawing of the said lottery shall be completed cate*» and ended, all and every the said tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be figned by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpole

XLII. And be it further enailed. That such of the said ma- Managers to nagers as any three or more of the commissioners of the treafu- fhe^irnefor ry, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to taking in the t&ke in the said tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for tickets, and fmd in lieu thereof, .(hall give timely notice by advcrtifement to defiwring out

** pates; See.

 L,ooQle

a66	Aimki prima^JwRG*? ^ ck 7:	[1.769.

be printed and pubkfcd in soaont* a» ebay. fbaH t)uok» fit* the days and tittc* i©f uki*g.itt the ki^tkiceU* ^ad deliyemo^ oot the fad ceftiftsates, fot and ii> lieu af the fame ; and eveqf perfon's cftrtifkttaiMLl* Bnmbared. in eaurfis, according to their bringing tfceit tidwt* to the managers fo to be appointed , .	for exchanpng the f«nnto which prutpofe, luch managers (ball

kept*or°en- en!*,r* ®* caufe ta be entered, into a bc<4 or book* to be bjf un*gperfcws them kept for that purpofe, the name of every perfejn wfco fliall names, *■ ‘	*‘1'	“1 If *1 J r*“ r““l

and the num ber of tberr tickets, Sec.

Wing My ticket or tickete to be exchanged for fiscb certificabKqr certificates, and the number or number* pf the ticket or tidbgp which shall be fo brought by such pea fo» or persons, the v*lue in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the lame was li> brought, which book and hooks thaH lie open in the offio^to be appointed for taking in the laid tickets tp be exchanged foe Certificates to certificates, for art persons concerned to perufe; all which be figned, See. certificates shall be figped by the managers lb to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be dire&ed to the accproptapt general or the bank of England for the time being..

XLUI. And be it further cna&ed by (he authority afocefaid. That the laid accomptant general of the bank of England for

Accomptant general to

fheCpVincipa?r *** t*mc	to	whooa	the	laid	certificates	are	to	be	dweAed

fums in the certificates.

Alignments may be made of the said ,Anns, See.

U aforesaid, mail, upon receiving and taking in the laid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a book or books to be by him provided »d kept, for the principal fums contained in. every such certificate \ and the persons to whole credit fucb principal fums shall be entered in the said, book Or books, his* her, or their executors, adrnini-ftrators, fuccefiora, and, afiigns, (ball and may have power to affign or transfer the. fame, or any part, fiiare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the laid accomptant general; and the said principal fums fo awgned or transferred shall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and (nail be taken and deemed to be ftock transferable by virtue of this a£t, until the redemption thereof t0 in manner herein after-mentioned; and the said accomptant cancelled "and genc*a| of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby notes to be authorized and dire&ed to cancel and file the certificates, a& they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him* and to give the persons bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they shall have Credit in the said book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforelaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

XLIV. And for the more eafy and fun payment of all the an-nuities eftdblijbtd hy this ally be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the (aid governor and company of the bank of Englondy and their fuccefibrs, shall from time to time, until all the laid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum) (half be redeemed, and until ih$ faid annuities after.

fhe

given in lien thereof.

A chief ca-(hier, and accomptant ge. neral, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annuities'



176a] Anno prlmo GboRgii III. c. 7.	*67

thereto of One pound, two (hilling*, and .fix pence, per centurk per	Unmtm, for	the term of ninety nine years shall be defer min*

*d, appoint and employ one or mote fufficient per Con or per*

(bn* within their office in the city of	to	be	their chief

or flrft cafhler of cafhiers, and ode other (efficient person within

the fame office, to bo their accomptant general) and that (e

tnuch of the monies by this ad appropriated for this purpofe, as thi« pin.

(hall be fufficient from time to time to anfwCr the (aid (everal pofe to the

and refpedive annuities, and other payments herein directed to (aid cafeur*

be made out of the (aid monies, (hall, by order of the com*

miffioners of the treafory, or any three or more of them, or

the high treafiirer for the time being, without any further or

ether warrant, to be fried for, had, and obtained, in that be*

half, from time to time, at the refpedive days of payment in

Ibis aft appointed for payment thereof, be i(Tued and paid at the

faid receipt Of exchequer, to the (aid first or chief caffiicr or

earthier* of the said governor and Company of the bank of Eng-

land, and their fuccefibrs, for the time being, by way of im*

preft, and upon account, for the payment of the said (everal

and rripedivo annuities, payable (7 virtue of this aft; and that who is to ae-

fuch ca(hier or cafhiers to whom the said money (hall, from for tbc

time to time, be iffiied, (hall, from time to time, without de*

ky> pay the fame accordingly, and render bis or their accounts

thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

XLV- And be it further enacted by the authority aforefrid, Accomptant That the said accomptant general for the time being (hall, from general to extime to time, infpeft and examine ail receipts and payments of ar?'ne tb« ro> the (aid cafriier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, Moments of in order to prevent any firaud, negligence, f>r delay j axld that the caflucr.

all persons who shall be intitlsd to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be deem^'a'per. pofleffed thereof as of a personal eftate, which shall not be de* ronai eftate, *

fccndtble to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the &c. cuftom of London, or otherwise j any law, ftatute^ or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, TJ* ”'°ni'ie* That all the monies to which any person or perlbns shall bo* due to * come entitled by virtue of this ad, in refpeft of any fum ad* 4ny person by vanced or contributed towards the (aid fum of eleven millions virtue of tbit four hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities af* *&> ter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum Thall be at* tending, and the principal fums to be determined by the draw* i.ng of the (aid lottery, to be attended with annuities after the like rate, shall be a,dded to the joint frock of annuities transfer* t0 be made able at the bank of England, into which the (everal fums carry- part of the ing an interest at the rate of three pounds ptr centum per annum, joint Hock of were, by several ads made ip the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, <tnU twenty ninth, thirty fecond, and thirty third years of the reign confolidattd of his late majefry fang George the Second, converted, and shall by aa» »j, it, be deemed part of the ft id joint frock of annuities, fulled ne- }*, & u ' ycrthelefs to 9 redemption by parliament in fitch manner, and <^co'» -•



lipon



Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general.

Method of transferring Hock.

Annuities de-vifeable by will.

Entry to be made of such elaufe in the will.

Tanifer not liable to (tamp dudes.

Treaftiry to pay all incr-

Anno primo GeoRjGII III. c. 7.	[176a.

upon ftich notice, asiin the said a&made in the twenty fifth year of his faid4 late Majefty*s reign is direded in refpe&of the fevertl and refpftdlive'annuities redeemable by virtueof the said ad; and that all and every person And persons, and.corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or, they, fh»W become ratified as aforefeid* by virtue of this ad, fliaU have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and (hare in the said joint (lock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XLVII. And beit further enacted by the authority a fore-' faid. That books shall be conftantJy kept by the said accompt-ant.general for the time being, wherein all affignmentsor transfers of all Turns advanced or contributed towards the (aid fum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, and also all at-fignments or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed towards the said fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, (hall, at all feaibnable times, be entered and regiftered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpofc, and shall be figned by the parties making such affignments or transfers; or if such parties be abfent, by their refpe&ive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in wfiting under his or their hand and feal, or hands and Teals, to be attefted by two or iriore credible witnefies; and that the several persons to whom foch transfers shall be made, shall refpe&ively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning and thlnsferring the said annuities, or any part therebf, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

XLV1II. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from the time of giving credit, as a-forefatt, for the said annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and fix pence per centum per annum, the said annuities shall be a lep&rate and diftind (lock from the said confolidated joint (lock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and feparate and diftin<5l books ffiall be kept for afligning and transferring the (aid annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and fix pence per centum per annum; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwkhftanding.

XL1X. Provided also, That all persons poflefledof any (hare or interest in either of the (aid (locks ot annuities, dr any estate or interest therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefies 5 but that no payment shall be made upon any such devife, till so much of tbe faid will as relates to such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the (aid docks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that ia default of foch transfer or devife, such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the (aid docks of annuities, (hall'go to the executors, adminiftrators, fuccefibrs, and alfigns; ai>d that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall, be charged on any of-the said transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwkhftanding.

: ;L. .Provided ;ahvaya, and be it ena&td by the authority afoecfatd^ThatvOut or the monies arifing from the contributions

3	towards





1760.]	Anno	primo	Georgii III. c. 7.	*469

towards raising the said fum of twelve millions, any throe or dent charges more of the commifiioners of the treasury* or the high treasurer ending the for the time being, Audi have power to difcharge aH such inci-	°*

dent charges as shall neceffarily attend tbecxecution of this ad, in such manner as to them shall feem juft and reafonaUe; and and 10 make alio to fettle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought *n allowance proper, for the fcrvice, pains, and labour, of the said caflaier to thecathier, or cafhiers, for receiving, paving, and accounting, for the said	^cndV

contributions; and also shall have power to make out of the	*

fund hereby eftablithed, or out of* the finking fund, such finv	,

ther allowances as shall be judged reafonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving,	>

paying, and accounting, for the said annuities payable by vir^ tue of this ad 5 and alio for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said accomptant genera), for performing the truft repofed in him by this ad; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, to be at the * in refped to the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or 06- difpofal of the ficers of the said governor and company, shall be for the ufe governor and and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their dif- th^banL^ pofal only.

. LI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by theao- Bank toconti-thority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of the nue acorpo-bank of England, and their fucceflors, notwithstanding the re- rati°n . idcmption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the ads for eftabliftnng the fame, or any of them, shall continue a deemed, k. corporation for the purposes of this ad, till all the annuities, after the rate of thfee pounds per centum per annum by this ad granted, shall be redeemable by parliament' as aforesaid, and until the said annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and fix pence per centum per annum, for the (aid term of ninety nine years, shall be determined; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

LIL And be it further enaded. That no fee, reward, or No fee for gratuity whatfoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of hk Paymc/lt ?f Majesty's fubjeds, for receiving or paying the said contribution- ullon .monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- * -	'

ing the fame, or for bluing the monies for paying the said fe-veral annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any futp great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain	4

that any offender or person offending, by taking or demanding any fuen fee, reward, or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeity's courts of record at IVedminfier, wherein no d-foin, protedion, privilege, or wager of Jaw, injundion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.	.	'	*	1

LIU. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiu}.

That if any person or persons shall be filed, ooolefted, or pro»	<

(ecu ted,





zjq	Annaprinoo Geojigii III, c.#.	£17^0.

fccuted, for any thing done^ bY virtue pr in purfuance pf thift Qrwa) jjffue, a&, such pcrCon pr persons (half and may plead the general lijue, and give this ad\, and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her. or their defence or defences; and if afterwards, a verdidt (hafl pa(s for the defendant or defendants^ or the plaintiff pr • plaintiffs (ball difcontinue his, her, or their a&ion of a&ionsa or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given againft hitn* her* pr them, upon' demurrer or-otherwife, then such defendant Pr Treble softs, defendants shall have treble cods awarded tp him, her, or them* againft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

cap. vin.

jin afi	for	the regulation of bis marine forces

while

Preamble. W *?ER EA,S j* ** Te^VJor	of this	king*

* V V donty and the defence qf the pojfejftons of the crown ofGreat

Britain, that a body of marine fortes jhould be employed in his Ma~ jtftfs fleet and naval fervice^ under the direction of the lord high ad-miral, or commiflUmers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain : and whereas the said marine fortes may frequently be quartered on Jhorey where they will not be fubjeft to the lawf relating to the government of bis May eftfs forces by fea; yet never-thelefs it being requifttey for the retaining of such forces in their duty, that an ex aft djfcipfine be ohferved\ and that marines whp fball mutiny, or Jlir up Jedition, or mil defert his Mafefly's fervice^ be brought to a more exemplary ana fpeedy punijnn\ent than the law will allow j be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Majefty4, by and with the advice and confent of the lord? fpiritual and tem-

Sral, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and the authority of the same. That from and after the twenty h day of Marchf ope thousand fpverj hundred and sixty one? during the }f *fty person being entered or in pay as an officer of marines, of^his aftf w^° or b* lifted, or in pay as a private man, in any every marine company of marines in his Majesty's fervice, and on the twenty officer and fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, private man, fbaU remain in such fervice, or during the continuance of this OM fhore,	voluntarily	entered,	and in pay, as a marine officer

or private man in his Majesty's fervice, and being ordered or employed in such fervice, at any time, during the continuance of this aft, on fhore, in any place within the realm of Great Britain, or in the kingdom ot Ireland, or in any of bis Majefty's who shall mu- dominions beyond the Teas refpetftivety, fhaH begin, excite, tiny ordefert, eaufe, or join in any mutiny or fedition, in the company tp which he doth or (ball belong, or in any other company, troop, pr regiment, either of marine or land forces, in his Majesty's fervice, or shall pot ufe his utmoft endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any such mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information there-officer, or (half defert his Majesty^ fer-enfered as a pnarine, in any company,

lhall

ot to qis commanding orfiftmany vi^. or beingtftuglly

juent,

Digitized

d by 

i9*6o.J	Aanoipifinoo^EoRGUHI. C.	8.

tell lift hrmfelf in -any other company, troop, or regiment, in bis Majafty'a ferviue, without first having a difcftarge in writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in which . „ . he laft ferved as a marine; or shall be found (leaping upon his f^uod (Laeping poft, drKhalil kaire it beforerelieved; or tell hold enwtfpon-on, orlhalld*-dshee with any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, car give them Art, Ja« poft, advice or intelligence of any hind, by any ways crewau, <* 01-Void illegal inany manner <whadherer:; orteH treat with focb rebels or correspond-enemies, or enter into any condition vrith them, without his Ma- ence with the yeft/s licence, nr licences t£ the land high admiral of *"*™*?j* Britain, or of three ar more of the rnmnnilkners for exaenting	a*Kr*

die office of lord high admiral of Gnat Britain Sot the time be* ing; or tedl ftrike, or ufe aery violence agaioft his Superior tti~ or flwll ftrifce, ficer, bang in the execution of his office; or ihaU diiphey any ^difobeyl«*• lawful command of his fuperior officer; aH and every perfcn and iperfans fo offending in any or caber of the matters before- far death, or mentioned, on fhane, in any part of this Kingdom er irxbnd, fact punifa-eraoy of bis Majofty's domaaimts beyond the leas, shall fuffer ment ***. death,, or fetch .other punishment as by a onset- martial shall be iaflifted.

1L And lie it further enacted by the authority ffibrefaid, That The lord it shall and may, from time to time, during the continuance of hig5' admiral this aft, be laadid to and far the laid lord high admiral, or three or more of the laid commiffioncrs-for executing the laid ecu ting that* office of lard high admiral fear the time being, to grant a com- office, may million under his or ebcir refpeftive hand ar hands, to any of- S'?"1 a com* ficer of marines in his Majesty's fervicc^ mot under the degree hoMeentraL of a field officer, far the.holdinga general court-martial at any courts mar-place or places on (hore, in this realm or in ,or in any tial, &c. of his Majesty's dominions beyond the Teas, in every of which courts-martial all or any off the offences a fore (aid, and all or any other ofthe offences hereinafter ipecified, shall be-tried and proceeded agamft in such manner as by this aft is.dtrefted.

HI. And be.it abb enafted. That it shall and may be lawful Courts-mar-to and for such courts-martial refpeftively, by their fentence or rial mayinflift judgement, to inflift corporal punilhment, not extending to life ^jjjjmolt^or or limb, on any marine for immorality; miibebaviour., or negleft immoralities, of duty on (hore, in any place or places within this realm or &c.

Ireland, or any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the feas, during the continuance of this aft. ,

IV.. And be it further enacted by the authority afocefaid. That Lords, of it shall and may be lawfulto and far the said lord high admiral, !h* adm,rjlt^. or three or more of -the commissioners for .executing the said 'm^wticles office of lord high admiral, at any time during the continuance for punifh-of this aft, lo snake and eftablHh rules and articles in writing ment of mu-under his or their refpeftive .hand or hands, for the puoiftuneat and.de' of mutiny and detection, immorality, miibehaviour, and negleft lemon, *e* Of duty in any of, his Majesty's marine forces while on (hore in any part ofthrs tesdna or Ireland, orany of his Majesty'sdomi-nions beyond the ffias, -and for bringing offenders -agaioft the and tooonfti-fame to juftice, and to enfcft and oonnitute courts-martial, with tute couru-

power m*rtia|»

 L.00Q ie

2JZ

None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprefledtobe lb punifhable by this aft. General court-martial not to confilt of lefs than 13, and the prefidenttobe a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain.

May admini-fter an oath to witnefles.

Officers to be from.

Anno pHmo Georgii III. c. 8.	[1760.

power to try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences fpe-cified in such roles and articles, and intlift punifhments by fen* tence or judgement for the fame, according to the true mtent and meaning of this aft.

V.	Provided always. That no person or peribns shall be ad* judged to fuffer any puniihment extending to life or limb, by> the said rules or articles within the kingdom of Great Britavr or Inland, except for such crime or crimes as is or are expreffed to be fo punifhable by this aft.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no general court-martial which shall have power to fit by virtue of this aft, shall confift of a lefs number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the decree of a commiffion officer of marines; and the prefident of such court-martial shall not be under the degree of a field officer of marines, unlefs where such field officer cannot be had; in which cafe, the marine officer next in feniority to such field officer, not being under the degree of a captain, shall prcfide at such court-martial; and that such court* martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to adminifter an oath to every witneis, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

VII.	Provided always. That in all trials of offenders by ge-neral courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this aft, every ofr ficer present at such trial, before any* proceedings be had there-upon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelifts,* before the court, and judge advocate, or his deputy (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame) in thele words; that is to lay,

The oath. V'O U Jball well and truly try and determine according to the evi-A dence which Jhall be given in the matter new before you, be-tween our fovereign lord tie King's majejty, and the prifoner to be tried :	So	help you God.

The oath.

I A. B. do /wear. That I will duly adminifier juftice, according to an alt of parliament now in force for the regulation of his Ma-jejly's marine forces while on Jhore, and according to the rules and articles made in purfuance of the said all of parliament for the pun-ijhment of mutiny and defertion, and other crimes therein rtfpettively mentioned, without partiality, favour, or affelHon; and if any doubt JhaU arife, which is not explained by the Jaid alt of parliament, or the laid rules and articles, according to my confdence, the befi of my ttnderflanding, and the cuftom of war in Hie cafes. And I further fiveat. That I will not divulge the fentence of the court until it Jhall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the com-tmfjioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great JJri* tam; neither will /, upon any account, at any time whatfoever, difi* clofe or difcover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unlefs required'to give evidence thereof, as a wttnefi, by a court of justice in a due courfe of laws

So help me God.

And





1760.]	Anno	primo	Georgii III. c. 8,	273

And fo foon as the laid oaths shall have been adminiftered to The judge the refpeffcive members, the prefident of the court is hereby au- ^^pcate to thorized and required to adminifter to the judge advocate, or to bc worn* the person officiating as fuch, an oath in the following words:

IA.B. do /wear. That I will not, upon any account, at any time The oath.

whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the vote or opinion of any par titular member of the court-martial, unlefs required to give evidence thereof \ as a witnefs, by a court of jnjlice in a due courfe of law:

So help me God.

And no fentence of death shall be given againft any offender by ^nfences any such general court martial as aforesaid, unlefs nine officers officers to”100 present shall concur therein} and if there be more officers pre- concur, See. lent than thirteen, then the judgement shall pafs by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers prefent; and no proceedirg Hours of trial, or trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours or eight of the clock in the morning, and three in the afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate example.

VIII.	Provided always. That the party tried by any general The party court martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a copy tncd»ln of the fentence and proceedings of such couit-martial, upon de- [h/femence mand thereof made by himfelf, or by any other person or persons and proceed* on his behalf (he or tney paying reafonably for the fame) at any ing* of the time not fooner than three months after such fentence, whether court-martial, such fentence be approved or not; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That every Original projudge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court codings, &c. martial to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required Sa?° to^be1*^ totranfmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity of time tranfraitied to and diftance of place can admit, the original proceedings and the fecretaiy fentence of such court martial to the fecretary of the admiralty of the admi-for the time being; which original proceedings and fentence raby>

(hall be by him carefully kept and preferved in the office of the admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

X.	Provided always* and be it hereby declared and enafted,	.

That no marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted taorc^c or convifted of any offence at any such court martial as afore- (ame offence, faid, shall be liable to be tried afecond time by the fame or any Sentence not other court martial for the fame offence; and that no fentencetJ bc r*Vifed given by any court martial, and (igned by the prefident thereof, ™	1

be liable to be revifed more than once.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That if any officer or private Deferters be-man shall defert his Majesty's service in any of his dominions beyond the feas, orelfewhere beyond the feas, and shall efcape or inlr#-and come into this realm, or Ireland, before he be tried by a land, court martial for such offence, and shall be apprehended for the Vol. XXIII.	T	fame*



274	Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8.	[1760*

fame, such officer or private man shall be tried for the fame as in the (aid offence had been committed within this realm.

This aft not XII. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained tOCnfmpr any cxten<*> or beconftrued to extend, to exempt any marine, ordhn^r pr<£ eit^er °fficcr or private man whatfoever, while on fhore, from cefs. y P being proceeded againft by the ordinary courfe of law.

Pcrfonsac- XIII. Provided also, and be it further enafted. That no per-quitted by the fon or persons being acquitted or convifted of any capital crimes, (hate may violences, or offences by the^ civil magiftrate, shall be liable to only be ca- he punifhed by a court martial for the fame otherwise than by (hiered by a oaftliering.

court martial. XIV. Provided also, and be it further enafted. That if any ftdofcaoital mar*ne	non-commiffion	officer,	or	private man, fhau

crimes, &c. he accufea of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence to be delivered againft the perfon, eftate, or property, of any of his Majesty's oyer to the ci- fubjefts, which is punifhable by the known laws of the land *; vd magiftrate, t^e commancjjng officer or officers of every company, or party, is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft endeavours to deliver over such accufed person to the civil magiftrate; and shall also be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in the feizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully negleft or refufe, upon application made to him for that purppfe, to deliver over any such accufed person to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offender; every such officer fooffending, and being thereof convifted before any two or more juft ices of the peace for the county where thefaft is committed, bv the oath of two credible witnefles, shall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafto cafriiered, and shall be uttered difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty fervice; provided the said conviftion be affirmed at the next quarter feffions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify* the fame to the next court martial.

XV.	And whereas his Majesty hath been gracioujly plea fed> in companion to the difrejfed condition of several widows of officers of the $rmy% who have loft their lives in the service of the late zuary or during the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal Jign manual, to dir eft his commiffary general of the mujlers,* to allow upon the mufter~ rolls of ail the regiments, troops, and companies, a number off fti-tious names therein mentioned, iuftead of private mat, in order to raise and fettle a fund for the maintenance offuch widows of officers as are or Jhall be intitled to his royal bounty: therefore for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's faid gracious intentions, with refpeft to the allowing of fiftitious names upon the mufter-rolls of the said marine forces while on (bore, for the purposes afore-faid ; be it further enacted and declared by the authority afore-Fiftitious faid. That it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance b^SM°'WC<*	a<^>	to an^ ^or ^ ^orc* admiral, or three or

fty'* wderJC"1 roorc	faid	coramiifioners for executing the said office of

7	lord

1760.]	Anno primo Gborgii HI. C.8*	275

lord high admiral for the tittoe being, by orders in writing un- uPon the niu-der his or their refpe<5tive hand or hands, to dired the person thVmainte-°r for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, to nancc cf 0ffi. pay over the full pay of fuchfiditious private men as shall be allow- cers widow*, ed on the mufter-rolls of the said marine forces while on (hore not be coii-as aforesaid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Majesty, ^uter*™** according to such orders and inftrudions as his Majesty shall be paymater to pleafed to make, under his (ign manual, for the purpofe afore- pay the full faid ; and that no allowance of any such fiditious name upon Pay °f such any mufter-roll of the said marine forces while on (hore as ^eiver^ aforesaid, shall be conftrued to be a falfe mufter 5 any thing m ^ in this or any former ad contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

XVI.	And whereas there is and may be ouafion for the marching and quartering of the said marine forces in several parts of this king-dom\ be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That for ^"toquarter and during the continuance of this ad, and no longer, in pur- officerelnd' fuance of an order or orders in writing in that behalf, under men in inn*, ' the hand of the said lord high admiral, or under the hands of alehoufcs, &c. three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magiftrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England, IVales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their default or abfence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others; and such conftables, and other civil magiftrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men in his Majesty's fervice, in inns, livery (tables, ale-houfes, vidtual-ing-houfes, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houfes, or places thereunto belonging; and 411 houses of persons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houfes, other than and ex- But in nodi-cept the house or houses of any diftillers, who keep houses or Hillers houfet, places of diftillipg brandy and ftrong waters, and the house °f0^opkcep-any (hopkeeper, whofe principal dealings shall be more in other pn'vate homes goods and merchandizes than in brandy and ftrong waters (fo as such diftillers and (hopkeepers do not permit pr fuffer tippling in his or their houfes) and in no other, and in no private houses whatfoever, without the confent of the occupier; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective .marines present to be quartered; and if any conftable, tythingman, or such like officer or magiftrate as aforesaid, (ball prefume to quarter or billet any such officer or private man in any such private houfe, without the confent of the occupier; in such cafe, such occupier shall have his or their remedy at law againftfuch magiftrate or officer, for the damage that such occupier shall fuftain thereby; and if any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall vfe or offer any menace or compuliion to an£*

T 2	may-

276	,Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8*	[1760#

Penalty on mayors, conftables, or other civil officers before-mentioned, officersquar- tcnjjng to jeter and difeourage any of them from performing men corurary any Part °f their duty hereby required or appointed ; such ma-10 this aft, kc. rine officer (hall, for every such offence (being thereof convi&ed before any two or more of the next juftices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible wirneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafio cafhiered, and shall be utterly difabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's fervice; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter feffionsof the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next court-martial; Perfons ag- anj jn cafc any person shall find himfelf aggrieved, m that such King quarter- conftablc,1 tythingman, or headborough, chief officer, or magi-ed on, may ftrate (fuch chief officer or magiftrate not being a justice of the complain to peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number anyiuftice.8* of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neigh-and be rehev- j30urs. an(j ^ajj COmplain thereof to one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the divifion, city, or liberty, where such marines are quartered ; or in cafe such chief officer or magiftrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more juftices of the peace of such divifion, city, or liberty, such justice or juftices refpe&ively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve such perfon, by ordering /	fuch and fo many of the said marines to be removed, and quar-

tered upon such other person or persons, as they shall fee caufe; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such marines accordingly.

Officers and XVII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&ed. That marinestobe tjie marjneofficers and private men fo quartered and billeted as therates ifere- aforelaid, shall be received and fumithed with diet and fmall in (Vt for their beer by the owners of the inns, livery ftables, ale houfes, vic-provifions. tualling-houfes, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houfes, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this a<ft; paying and allowing for the fame the several rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftcnce money for diet and fmall beer.

Whatimrho!-	XVIII. Provided always, That in cafe any innholder or

decs may al- other person on whom any non-com million officers or private

!r,,ncnSuar- men shall be quartered by virtue of this a& (except on a march,

terd on them,	,	, n	J	.r v „

in (lead of	or employed on recruiting; and likewife except the recruits by

meat.	them raifed, for the fpace of seven days at moil, for such non-

commiflion officers and private men who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed) shall be defirous to furniffi such non-, commiffion officers or private men with candles, vinegar, and fait, and with either fmall beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non?-commiflion officers or private men the ufe of fire, and thenqceffary utenfils for dreffing and eating their meat, and (hail give notice * of such his delire to the commanding officer, and shall furniffi

2

ij6o.]	Anno	prlmo	GeoRGH	III. c. 8.	277

and allow the fame accordingly; then, and in such cafe, jhe honcomraiffion officers and private men fo quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to rfeceive, or who shall actually receive the pay and fiibfiftence of such non-commiffion officers and private men, shall pay the fe-veral fums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the fub-fiftence money for diet and fmall beer, to the non-commiffion officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such non-commiffioners and private men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrarynot-withftanding.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Penalty on

• aforesaid, That if any marine officer shall take, or caufe to be taking money taken, or knowingly fuffer to be taken, any money of any per-t0 *xcu£c anX fon for excufing the quartering of officers or private men, or any quartering?^ of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer 1 shall be caftiiered, and be incapable of ferving in any military employment whatfoever.

XX.	And whereas it may he for the benefit of the fervice, for the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines, quartered in the fame town or place; be it therefore

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commanding officer Commanding of marines, in any town or place where ffich marine forces 2re eba^^mst-^ quartered, (hall, and he is hereby declared to have power, from nnesgin Their* time to time, to exchange any marine or marines quartered in quarters, fuch'town or place, for any other marine or marines quartered in the fame town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, where such men shall be exchanged; and theconftables, Conftables to tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magi-ftrates, of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where 1 any of the said marine forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men fo exchanged accordingly.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No paymafter. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand bcc, to make seven hundred and sixty one, no paymafter, or other officer

perfon whatfoever, shall receive any fees, or make any deduc- °r private ”

tions whatfoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer or mens pay.

private man, in his Majesty's fervice, or from their agents,

which shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth day of

March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; other than Exceptions.

the ufual deductions for cloathine, and twelve pence in the

pound to be difpofed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the

one day's pay in the year for the ufe of the royal hofpital at

phelfea, and such other neceflary deductions as (hall, from time

to time, be directed by the said lord high admiral, or three or

more of the commissioners f r executing the office of lord high

admiral for the time being, by order m writing under his or their

refpeftive hand or hands.

XXII.	And that the quarters both of the said marine officers and private men, while on jhore, as aforesaid, way, during the conti-

T 3	nu~

hands.

278	Anno	primo	Georgii	III.	c. 8.	[1760.

nuance of this be duly paid and fatisfied, and bis Majejly's duties ofexcife better anfwered, be it ena&ed by the authority afore fa id. Officers to That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one ninkrcpers of t^ou^an^ seven hundred and sixty one, every offieer or other fubfiftence- person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall a<5tually re-money in (heir ceive, the payor fubfiftence money, for one or more particular company or companies of the said marine forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular fum which (hall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account cf pay or fubfiftence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this a&; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint, for the diftri-bution and payment of the said payor fubfiftence money to such officers or private men, which shall be within four days at the fartheft after the receipt of the same as aforefaid; and the said innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between them and the officers and private men foquartered in theirrefpec-tive houfes; which accounts the said officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any part of the said pay or fubfiftence be diftributed either to the officers or private men: provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commiflion officer under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and fmall beer, per diem, one (hilling; and if such officer shall have a horfe or horfes, for each such horfe or horfes, for their hay and ftraw, per diem, fix pence; nor for one private man's diet and fmall beer, per dnmy four pence; and if any officer or officers as aforesaid, shall not give notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such account ftated, fatisfy, content, and pay the fame; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witneffes, at the next quarter feffions for the county or city wherein such quarters were (which oath the jufticesof ihe peace at such feffions are hereby authorized and required toadminifter) thepaymafter or person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces is hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the said juftices before whom such oath was made, of the fum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the said fums out of the arrears due to the (aid marine officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymafteror person shall forfeit their refpedlive place or places of paymafteror otherwife, and be difeharged from holding the fame tor the future: and in cafe there (hail be no arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymafteror person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby authorized and required to dedudl the fums he shall pay, purfuant to the certificate of the said juftices, out of the next payor fubfiftence money of the company to which such officer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers (hall, for such their offence, or

for

Rates of fubfiftence to be p iid to innkeepers, &c. fur marines quarters.

Officers not giving notice of fubfiftence-money, and paying quarters,

, P.ivmafters to lathfy them t uc of the foinpany's luxtpay,

and officer to be cafhicrcd.

279

1760.]	Anno	primo GeoRoii III. c. 8.

for negledtfng to give notice of the receipt of such pay or fubfi-ftence money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo fatto calhiered. And where it shall happen that the fubfiftence money due to any marine officer or private man,

(hall, by occafion of any accident, not be paid to such officer or private man, or such officer or private man shall negledlto pay the fame, fo that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as ,this adt dirctfs; in every such cafe it is hereby further enacted. That On moving every such officer (hall, before his or their departure out of his from quarters, or their quarters, where such company shall remain for any ^ke uac° time whatfoever, make up the accounts, as this adt diredts, ^unts^and with every person with whom such company shall have quarter- give certified, and fign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, fo cates for mo. by him figned, to the party to whom such money is due, with n*y>due> &c* the name of such company to which he or they shall belong; to p «

Ihe end the said certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the '{£* ^rmto proper paymafter of the marines, who is hereby required imme- certified tor. diately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due, to the end the fame may be applied to such company, under pain as is before in this adt directed for nonpayment of quarters,

XXIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That it officers, &c. shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men of to be quarter-his Majesty's marine forces in Scotland, in such and the like^tht\w$\n" places and houses as officers and private men of the land forces forcc^the ” might have been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at union direft. the time of the union; and that the pofleffors of such houfes

(hall only be liable to furnifh the said marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with refpedt to the officers and private men of the land forces; .and that no such marine officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the fuburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That for the better and more regular provifion of carriages for Juftices to or-his Majesty's marine forces in their marches, or for their arms, conftables clothes, or accoutrements, in England, lVa\ei^ and the town 0^faPesVforCthe* Berwick upon Tweedy all juftices of the peace, within their several ^rine forces counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, liberties, and precindts, being on their duly required thereunto by the said lord high admiral, or three or march, more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their refpedtive hand or hands, (hall, as often as such order shall be brought and (hewn unto one or more such juftices, by the officer or officers of the company or companies of marines fo ordered to march, iffue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high conftables or petty conftables of the divifion, riding, city, liberty, hundred, or precindl, from, through, near, or to which such company or companies.(hall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such provifion for carriages with able men to drive the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said war-

T 4	rant.

jjAg	Anno	primo	Gborg*i	III.	c.	8.	[1760.

rant, allowing them fuffieicnt time to do the feme, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in cafe fufficient carriages cannot be provided within any facia riding, city, liberty, hundred, divifion, or prerin&; then the next justice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, (hall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or Ihewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, ifiue his or their warrantor warrants to the highcon-ftables or petty conftables of such next county, riding, liberty, divilion, or precinft, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency: and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants* from such justice or juftices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the high constable or petty conftabie to whom the warrant is direefed, is and are hereby required at the fame tine to pay down in hand to the said constable or petty conftable, for Rates for car- t^e ufeofthe person who shall provide such carriages and men, nages.	the sum of one (hilling for every mile any waggon with fire

horfes shall travel; and the sum of one (hilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horfes, shall travel; ?nd the sum of nine pence for every mile any carl with four horfes (half travel; and fo in proportion for lefs carriages; for which refpeeftive fums fo received, the said conftablecur petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the fame: and such constable or petty LCcrs?oixhic Conftable shall order and appoint such person or persons, having waggonMo" Carriages within their refpe&ive liberties, as they shall think pro-r travel more per, to provide and furnilh such carriages and men, according than one day's to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and journey, &c. furnj(h the fame accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers, for the ufe of whofe company or companies the carriage was provided, shall force and conftrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to travel more than one day's journey, or shall not difeharge the fame in due time for their return home, or shall fuffer any marine or fervant (except such as are fick) or any woman to ride in the waggon, wain, cart, or carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty conftable, by threatenings or menacing words, to provide faddle horfes for thtmfelves or fer-vants, or shall force horfes from the owners by themfelves, feF-vants, or private men; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's juftices of the peace of the same county or riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper paymafter of his Majesty's marine forces, who is hereby tequired to pay the aforesaid fum of five pounds accordingly tq the order and appointment under the hands and feals of such juftices of the'peace, and is also hereby impowered to dedud the fame out of such officer's pay.

XXV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully negleft or re-neglctt. * fufe to execute any such warrant of the said justice or juftices pf the peace, as shall be diredled unto such constable or petty constable

1760.]	Anno	primo	Georgii III. c. 8.	2?	1

ftable for providing carriages as aforefiud; or if any per (bn or persons, appointed by such constable or petty con (table to provide or furnifh any carriage and man, shall refufe or negledf to provide the fame; or any other person or persons whatfoever shall wilfully do any aft or thing, whereby the execution of any such warrant or warrants shall be hindered pr fruftrated; every such conftable, or other person or persons fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lefs than twenty shillings, to the ufe of the poor of the parish where any such offence shall be committed: and all and every ftich offence and offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty*s juftices of {he peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to caufe the (aid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and faleof the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner,

XXVI.	And whereas the refpeftive fums of money by this aft appointed to be paid to the confables by the officers demanding such ferriages, may not9 in many cafes, be fufficient to anfwer the charge and expence of providing the fame, whereby the said tonflables may be frequently at great cbarges9 over and above what is received bythemef the said officers9 to the great burthen of the townjbip of which they are refpeftively conjiables9 or elfe the persons furnijbing such carriages may be grievoufy oppreffed-y to prevent which, and that such overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the treasurer or treafurers of each rcfpedlive county or riding (hall, without fee or reward, pay unto Treafurers of such constable all and every such reafonable fum or fums of the county to money, fo by him paid or laid out for such carriages, over and rePa7 above what was or ought to have been paid by the marine offi- extraordinary cer requiring such carriages, out of the publick (lock of such charges. ^ county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules, and directions, as the said juftices of the peace, in their quarter feffions affembled, within their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, (hall, from time to time, during the continuance of this a<5t, make, direCt, and appoint (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the feafon of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which such carriages are to travel.

XXVII,	And in cafe the said publick (lock of the county or riding be not fufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was raifed) to fatisfy the extraordinary charge of carnages before men-tioned-, it is hereby further enaCled, That the said juftices of the The peace in the general quarter feffions shall have power, from time

to time, to raise monies upon the refpeCtive counties or ridings ^ raifed. in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to fatisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That No waggon,

fio waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, imprefled by authority of	™hun-

this weight*



; 

2#2

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided

Marines wives,&c. not to be quartered without con-fen t.

Penalty.

Penalty on officers or m* rines deftroy-ingthe game.

Anno primo Georgii III. c 8.	[1760.

this a#, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue bf this adt, to carry above twenty hundred weight; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the carriages for the service of the marine forces quartered or marching in Seat-

'land, shall be provided in like manner, and at the rates, and the furnifher of such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Jaw in force in Scotland, at the time of the union, with regard to the furni(hing carriages for land forces.

XXX.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this adV authorized to quartet marines in any houses hereby appointed for that purpofe, shall at any time, during the continuance of this adt, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid fervants of any officer or marine in any such houfes, agamft the confent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, (hall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipfofafto cafhiered; and if a conftable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such juftice, by diftrefs and fale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reafonable charge* in taking the fame.

XXXI.	And for the better prefervation of the game, in or near such place, where any officer s or folditrs /hall at any time be quartered-, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after

' the said twenty fifth day of March ofte thousand seven hundred and sixty one, any officer or marine (hall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and feal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or deftroy, any hare, coney, pheafant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry, or fi(h, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, convicted before any justice or juftices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; (that is to fay) every officer fb offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be diftributed among the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforefaid: and if, upon conviCtiph made by the juftices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable oroverfeers of the poor, such officer shall refufe or negleCt, and not within two days pay the said refpeCtive penalties, such officer fo refufing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his com-mifl\on, and his commiflion is hereby declared to be null and void.

X£XII. And whereas fiperal marines who being duly entered may

1760.] Anno prima Georgii III. c. 8.	283

afterwards defert, and be found wandering, or otberwife absenting them)elves illegally from his Majejlys service \ it is hereby wither enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the confta-/Conftabl€t ble, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where any perfon, who may be reafonably fufpected to be such a defer- ters, and car-ter, shall be found, to apprehena, or caufe him to be appre- ry them before hended, and to caufe such person to be brought before any ju- a juftice. ftice of the peace, living in or near such town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine such fufpedted perfon; and if by his confeflion, or the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or by the knowledge of such ju-ftice of the peace, it shall appear or be found, that luch fufpected person is a marine duly entered; and ought to be with the company to which he belongs; fuchjuftice of the peace shall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or to place wjiere he shall be found; or to the house of correction,commit 1 era* or other publick prifon in such town or place where such defer-ter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in cafe such deferter shall be apprehended within the city of London, or IVeftminJler^ or places adjacent; and tranfmit an account thereof to the fecre- and tranfmit tary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person a" account to may be proceeded againft according to law: and the keeper of ofthcCadmu such gaol, house of correction, or prifon, shall receive the full raity. fubfiflence of every such deferter, during the time he shall con- Gaol keeper tinue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of such deferter; but r°/rSeive thr shall not be intitled to any fee or reward, on account of the im- defertm^ ° prifonment of such deferter; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And, for the better encouragement of any person or per-fons to fecure or apprehendJuch deferters; be it further enacted by

the authority aforesaid. That (uch justice of the peace shall alio Reward for iflue his warrant in writing to the collector of collectors of the up de" land tax money of the pari(h or town(hip where such deferter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money „arifen or to arife in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, into the hands of fach person or persons who shall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any such deferter from his Majesty's fervice, the sum of twenty (hillings for every such deferter that shall be fo apprehended ana committed; which fum of twenty (hillings shall be fatisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on harbour, conceal, or aflift any deferter from his Majesty's ma - perfonkcon-rine fervice, knowing him to be fuch; the person fo offending terrorbu/imr shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; or their arms, * jf any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or other- clothes, &c. wife receive, any arms, clotnes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, upon any

account or pretence whatfoever^ or caufe the colour of fuen f lothes to be changed; every such person fo offending in each,

any,



This a£t to extend to deft rters, &c. in Ireland.

Continuance of this aft.

No volunteer liaWe to pro-cefs, unlefs foi Jome criminal in alter,

Anno prime Georgii III. ct 8.	[1760.

any, or cither of the cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit for every'fuch offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more of his Majesty's juftices of the peace, the said refpeCtive penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or juftices of the

!>eace, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of fitfe pounds to be paid to the informer, by vvhofe means such defer-ter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said laft mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the refidue of the said rcfpeCtive penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deferter or marine did or doth belong: and in cafe any such offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or aflfifting any such deferter or deferters; or having knowingly received any irm$, clothes, caps, or other furni-' ture belonging to the King; or of having caufed the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this a<5V, shall not have fufficicnt goods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then, and in such cafe, such justice or juftices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, either commit such offender to the r common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months, or caufe such offender to be publickly whipt, at the drferetion of such justice or juftices.

XXXV.	Provided alwavs. That fomuch of thisadl as relates to the punifhment of fuen who shall harbour, conceal, or affift deferters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or other-wife receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, or caufe the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all ends and purposes whatfoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all juftices of the peace, and other officers refpectively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this adf.

XXXVl.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That this ac\, and every thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force from the said twenty fifth day of March3 ' in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

XXXVII.	And to prevent, as far as may be^ any unjufl or fraudulent arrefls that may be made upon marines, whereby his Majejly and the publiek may be deprived of their fervice; it is hereby further enacSed by the authority aforesaid. That no person whatfoever, who is entered, or shall enter himfelf as a volunteer in his Ma-jefty's fervice, as a marine, during the continuance of this a<fr, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any -procefs or execution whatfoever, other than for fpme criminal

mu



i7$o.]	Anno	primo Georgii III. c. 8.	aS5

matter, unlefs for a real debt, cr other juft caufe of adlion; and orunle s for unlefs, before the taking out of such procefs or execution (not ^ vVluc^of being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or *0*#va ue 0 fome other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make oath of the -affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of re- debt to be cord, or other court, out of which such procefs or execution made before a ihall iffue, or before fome person authorised to take affidavits in,u such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original fum,juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant * or defendants, in the action or caufe of adtion on which such procefs shall iffue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be iffued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at lead, over and above all cofts of fuit in the fame adtion, or in any other adtion on which the fame shall be grounded; a memoran- . dum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such procefs randum or writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall betaken: thereof mark-ar.d if any person shall neverthelefs be arrefted contrary to the ed on the back intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge ot thc P«*ocetej or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, or by any his fuperior officer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties, or otherwife, and by warrant un- otherwise pri^ der his or their hands and feals, to difeharge such marine fo ar- f™" to he refted contrary to the intent of this aift, without paying any fee w\th ctrttL or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such marine fo arrefted, was legally entered as a marine in his Maje-fty's fervice, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this adt, and also to award to the party fo complaining, such cofts as such judge or judges shall think reafonabler for the recovery whereof, he (hail have the like remedy that the person who takes out the feid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the like adtion might have had for the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgement had been given for him with cofts againft the defendant in the said adtion.

XXXVITI. And to the end that honejl creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their jujl debts due to them from persons entered as marines in his Majejifs fervice, may not be hindered from fuing for the fame, but on the contrary may be ajfified and forwarded in their fusts; ' and injlead of an arrefl, which may at once hurt the Jcrvice, and oc~ cafion a great expence and delay to tkemfelves, may be enabled to proceed in a more Jpeedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforefald. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff gi*-plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the ing notice, caufe of adtion to such person or persons fo entered, or left at may ^ a his or their laft place of refidence before such entering, to file a peTrTncef^ common appearance in any adtion to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatfoever, fo as to entitle such plaintiff to aud proceed proceed therein to judgement and outlawry, and to have an ex- to judgement ccution thereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of him an cxccw u>n“ or them fo entered as aforefaid; this adt, or any thing herein, or any former law or ftarute, to the contrary notwithflandmg.

XXXIX. And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforesaid.

That

quarter ma nnes,

Penalty on taking money to excufe any person from quartering,

and on viCtu-alters refuting to receive marines.

286	Anno	primo	Georgii	III.	c.8.	[1760.

Penalty on That if any high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer conftables, Sec. or person wnatfoever, who, by virtue or colour of this aCt, shall neglecting to qMarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any marine, officers or private men, shall negleCt or refufe, for the fpaceof two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or marines when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this aCt directed, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any fum or fums of money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of excufing, or in order to excufe any person or per-fons whatfoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses any such officer or marine; or in cafe any victualler, or any other perfon, liable by this aCt to have any officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refufe to receive or victual any such officer or marine fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforefaid; or shall refufe to fur-nifti or allow, according to the directions of thisaCt, the several things herein before refpeCtively directed to be furnilhed or allowed to non-commiflion officers and marines fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or ^ more justice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, 'within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confefllon, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath the said justice or juftices is and arc hereby impowered to adminifter) every such high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer or person fo offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than fort/ (hillings (as the said justice or juftices, before whom the matter shall be heard, (hall, in his or their difcretion, think fit) to be levied bydiftrefs and fale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of such justice or juftices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the over-feers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said fum of five pounds, or the said fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overfeers of the poor of the parifil where the offence shall be committed, or to fome one of them, for the ufe of the poor of such parifti.

XL. And, for the better preventing abufes in quartering or billeting the marines, in pursuance of this aft; be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or juftices of the peace, within their refpeCtive counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and feal,or handsand feals,atany time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any account of the high conftable, conftable, bedel, or other officer, who (haH number of quarter or billet any marine^ in purfuance of this aCt, to give an *

ac-

To prevent abufes in quartering juftices may order confta bles to give an

 •

1760.] Annoprimo Georgii III. c. 8.	287

account in writing unto the said justice or juftices requiring the officers, and fame, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names of the houfe- q^^ered. keepers or persons upon whom every such officer or private man H {hall be quartered or billetted, together with an account of the street or place where every such houfekeeper dwells, and the figns, (if any) belonging to their houfes; to the end that it may appear to the said justice or juftices where such officers and private men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifli all abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLI. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared by the Claufe for re-authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, when and themf'clves?6 as often as any person or persons shall be inlifted as a marine or marines in his Majesty's fervice, he and they (hall, within four days, but not fooner than twenty four hours, after such inlifting refpeciively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief magiftrateof any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before such justice or chief magiftrate*, he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their diflent to such inlifting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlifting money, and also each person fo diflenting paying the sum of twenty (hillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons fo inlifted shall be forthwith difeharged and fet at liberty, in the prefence of such justice or chief magiftrate; but if such person or persons shall refufe or neglecft, within the fpace of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their aflent thereto before the said justice or chief magiftrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then such ju-flice or chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly inlifted; fetting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them refpeftively (if known) and that thefe-cond and third fedions or the articles of war for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on fhore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth fec-tion of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, fo to be certified as duly inlifted, shall refufe to take the (aid oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magiftrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officer of marines that shall a<ft contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnefles before a general court martial to be thereupon called, (hall, for such offence, be forthwith calhiered and difplaced from such his office, fcnd'fhall be thereby utterly difablcd to have or hold any civil or

mi-

288	Anno primo GEORGir TIL C. 9#	[1760.

rtiilitary office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's fervice.

Marine forces XLIL Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all. being borne his Majesty's marine forces,, as well officers as private men, complement C/lball, “om time t0 time, during their being refpedtively borne of any (hips as part of the complement of any of his Majesty's (hips or veflefs* of war, are be fubjedt or liable in like manner, in all refpe&s, as any officer# liable to be or fcamen employed in his Majesty's fea service are fubjedt mil the rulesefta- to governed and proceeded againft and punifhed forof-biifbed by aft fences committed by them during the time they shall be borfte as Geo. a. as part of the complement of such (hips or veflels, according to the purport, tenor, effe<ft, and true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft far amending, explaining, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty*s jhips9 vtflels9 and forces by fea\ this present aft or any thing herein contained not-withftanding.

CAP. IX.

■An act to continue an act made in the fixtb year of the rarj* of bis late majesty King George the Second, intitakd9x'fyt\ a<5t for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's fugar colonies in America.	1	'	\	*

Preamble.

Aft 6 Geo. 2.

which was continued by feveraJ fubfe-quent afts,

further continued to 99 Sept. 1763,

WHEREAS the law herein after-mentioned hath been found ufeful and beneficial to the public, and is near'exp^btg^at^T fit to be continued; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty/lhar if may be ena&ed, and be it ena<fted by the King's moft exceHeftt majefty, by and with the advice and confenrt of thehrtds fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 1 affembled, and by the authority of the same. That fcn ac^tttttdfe" in the (ixth year of the reign of his late majefty7KingGeorg* ' the Second, intituled, An act for the better securing and encourage !t ing the trade of his Majesty*s fugar colonies in America, which was* * to continue in force for five years, to be computed from the* ' twenty fourth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and thirty three, and to the end of the then next fefiion of frirMa- ' ment; and which, by several fubfequent'atfts made in: the ‘ eleventh, nineteenth, twenty (Ixth, twenty ninth, and tMtty * first years of the reign of his faid late Majesty, was further coA-l,t tinued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thbuforf i seven hundred and sixty one, shall be, and the fame is hereby 1 further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fi*ty , three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffldn of 1 parliament.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii IIL c, 10, 11.	289

CAP. X.

An aB for extending an aft, intituled, An adtodifcontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable on tallow imported from Ireland^ to bogs-lard and greafe.

WHEREAS on aft made in the thirty ficond year of the Preamble, re-reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, citing ait 1% An act to difeontinue, fora limited time, the duties payable up- Geo* *• on tallow imported from Ireland, hath been found of great utility and benefit to the publicity and if the fame was extended to fogs-lard and greafe, would be of further utility may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ano con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons. in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said recited ad lhall extend, and be recited deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend to hogs-lard and greafe, hog^-U. d during the continuance of the said ad.	and	greafe.

CAP. XL

Am aB to enable his Majesty to make leafes, and copies of offices, lands* and hereditaments, parcel of bis duteby of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame * and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his moft excellent Majesty notv ftands feijed ^Preamble.

the duteby of Cornwall, end the poffeffions thereof: and whereas feme doubts may arife in relation to ois Majesty s granting leafes, and making copies of offices* lands, and hereditaments, parcel of bis faid duteby, or thereunto annexed or belonging: for obviating whereof, and for the eafc apd quiet of the minds of such perfects as have taken, or shall hereafter take leafes from his faid

moft excellent Majesty : and to the end that such persons may be Aire to have good and indefeazable eftates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several lands and tenements to them demifed, or to be demifed ; be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with- the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflem-bled, sod by the authority of the same. That all leafes and Leafes and grants, made or to be made, by copy of court roll, according £rant* "«de to the cuftom of the refpedive manor or manors of the said court miu duteby, or thereunto annexed or belonging; and all leafes and or by letters grants, made or to be made within seven years next enfuing, patents or inbyletters patents, or indentures, under the great feal of Great dentures with-

Britatn, or feal of the court of exchequer, or by copy of court	rt?

••	.	*	r	.	* r rs,- J rj . come, of any

roll, according to the cuftom of the refpedive manors, of any offices, Imds,

offices, mefluages, parks, lands, tenements, or hereditaments or heredita-

} other than honours, lordlhips, or manors) parcel of the pof- "I"'1** Parcel efliong of the said dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, of cornwa1^ Voi. XXIII.	U	(hall	or annexed

r

ago

thereto, declared to be good againft the crown $

fo at such leafes be not

Annoprimo G^fORGir III. c. u.

(hall be good and effedlual in law, according to the purporrand contents of the lame copies, leafes, and grants, againft our 4b-vcreignlord the King, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, and againft sil and every other person or persons, that shall at any time iierfe-after have, inherit, or enjoy the said dutchy by force of uty a6k of parliament, or by other limitation whatfoever, r

II.	Provided always, That every such leafe or grant, fotaofle or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three live*, or

for more than for one and thirty years, or under, or for fome tertn of years, 3 lives, or 3r determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not aoove;

terra*deter- anc* ^ ^ca^es or grants he made *n fevetfion or txp&Mdf, minahle upon that then the fame, together with the eftatesin pofleflion, do not 3 lives at the exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years,. or fome moft; and if term of years, determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and or reverfon^ ^ not m ^ W|fe raa(*e difpunifhable of wafte, and fo as upon h^xceeding evcry such leafe or grant be, or shall be referved, the arraerrt 3 lives, or 31 or moft ufual rent, or more, ot such rent as hath been referved, yielded, or paid, for the fame manors, lands, or hereditaments, tor the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leafes; and where no facto rent hath been referved or

________ payable, that then,* upon every such leafe there be, or shall be

the ufual rent, referved, a reafonable rent, not being under the twentieth part or.wherethere 0f the cjear yeatiy valuoof the manors, mefluages, parks, lahds, forc.Tnwfon. tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, tomattvcdinffoch IeafeJbr grant; and all leafes and grants otherwise made, ertefe tratfe, mall be null and void.

III.	And be it further ordained and enaded by the authority afbrefaid. That all covenants, conditions, reformations, and other agreements, contained in every leafe, grant, or copy, of cocrrt roll, made, or to be made as atorefarid, (haH be good amFetfec* tual in law, according to the words and contents df the feme, as well for and againft them to whom the reverfions of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fhafl come, ns fofarid againft them to whom the interest of the said leafes, grants, tor copies, shall come refpedtively, as if our fovereign lord the King's majesty at the time of making Fuch covenant*, conditions, and relervations, and other agreements, were foiled of an abfolute eftatc in fee-fimple in the lame landv tenements,'or

R f t* /-hereditaments : faving always, to all and every perfoh andjper-^e^rva lonor fons> bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and foccettbm.

years, and fo as the fame be not difpunifhable of wade} and

able rent be referved.

The covenants, &c. in such leafes or grants deemed good in law.

executors, adminiftrators, and afligns (othef than* to outlaid fovereign lord the King, and his heirs and faceetibrs, ah&'tfee duke and dukes of Cornwall for the thne beitig* and hfe and their heirs, and all and every other person dnd persons, that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the* fakf dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any a ft of parliament, or othelr dtautatibn whatfoever) all such rights, titles, eftates, coftotns, interefts, tenures, claims, and demand* whatfoever, of what nature* kind, or quality foever, of, in, to, or out of, the feid offices^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they ter iny of tliem had, or ought to have had, before the. making of this

adt.

J Aniio £rim6 Geordii IIJ. c. tv,13.'

a A, to srf I intents add |>urpofcs, add in a£ large and ample man-tier add fotnr, as if this aft bad never been had or made; this *&, or any thing htfrdih contained to the contrary, notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act to indeihnify pertbn's wh6 hatfc omitted to qualify themfefots for office* and employment* j and to indemnify jufticCi of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the miJitia, and others, who fiavd omitted to regifteror to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law} and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

Preamble, rtcitirtg the several qualifying afts of j Geo. i% 13 Car. a. 15 Car, a. 30 Car. %, t8 Geo* 2. joGeo 2. and 31 Geo. 2. Further time to f a Feb. 1762, allotted to persons who have omitted tb qualify tbcmfelves. Os the said laws direft. rerfons qualifying theirifeh^s in manner, and within the time appointed, recapacitated* and indemnified. Ofiices* kc• already avoided by judgement of a court* and filled up, confirmed. None indeninided where folal judgement hath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. XIII.

Afi et8 id amend tin aft paffid in the eighteenth year of the bttgti if King George the Second, coiicertiitig the qualification of juftices of the peace \ ini for other pi&pofet therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of patlknhent made in the eighteenth Preamble yettr of hit late majefly King Geotge the Second, of glorious citing aft fhetrtoty, intituled, Ah adt to amend and render more effectualGco* *• an ad pafled fit the fifth year of his present Majesty's feign, in-• tituled. An off foT the further qua location of juftices of the peaces it wai enofted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufond flyers hundred and forty fix, no person Jbould be capable of being a justice of the peace, or of ailing as fitch, for any county, riding, of aruifion, within that part of Great Britain called Eng-‘ hmd, or the principality of Wales, who should not have either in ; law or equity, to andfor hh own ufe and benefit, in poffejfion, afreehold, copyhold, or cuftmary estate for life, or for fome greater eftate, ir an estate for Jofne long term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a certain term, originally created for twenty one years, or more, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments lying of being in that part of Great Britain called England, or the princi+ polity of Wales, of ibe cleat yearly value of one hundred pounds4 - over and above what should fatisfy and difcharge all incumbrances that Ojfeft the fiptte, and over and above all rents and charges, payable out of,' or in refpeft of the same, or who should not be jeifed of, or intitled unto, in lasts dr equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, the immediate rtverfion or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or btredxtatnentl, lying or being at aforefaidy which were leafed for ones Hot, of tfttte tints, or for any term of years determinable upon the death of me, two, or three lives, upon teferved rents, and which Wert pf the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds; and who Jbould not before he tabes upon bifnfelf io aft at a justice of peace, after the find twenty-fifth day of March, at fome general or quartet

U a	fejfions

2$2	Anno	primo	Georqii	III. c. rg. [1760.

jfiffi*ns for the county*. riding* or divifton* for which he did* Jbould intend to aft* firjl take and fubfcribe the oath in the /aid aft mentioned i which oath fo taken and fubfcribed as aforesaid, Jbould be kept by the clerk of the peace for the said county* ridings or divifion, for the time being* among the records of the fejftons*for the said county* ridings or divifion: and it was by the laid aft further enaftei* That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, any person who Jbould aft as a juflice of the peace for any county* riding* or divifion * within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principalityof Wales, without having taken and fubfcribed the said oath as aforefaid* or without being qualified according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, Jbould* for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered with full cojts of fuity and applied in the manner in the said act mentioned; and whereas doubts have arifen, whether persons who were juflices of the peacg at the time of the demife of his faid late majefiy King George the Second* and who have been* or Jhall be conjtituted juflices of the peace* by or under any commijhon of the peace granted* or which Jhall be granted* by his present majefty* can act as juflices of the peace* and open and hold any general or quarter session of the peace, before they Jhall have taken and fubfcribed the said oath* in manner and at the place as by the said tn part recited alt is directed and required* for want of which there may be a failure of the due execution of the laws of this realm: now for clearing such doubts* and preventing any inconveniencies that may arife; be it enaAea by. the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana consent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal, and commons, in t;hie

?refent parliament aflelnbled, and by the authority of the same, "hat all persons who were juflices of the peace at the time of Si	demife of his faid late majesty King George the Second, or

late King, or	fhall be iufticcs of the peace at the time of the demife of

that! be luch his present Majesty, or any of his fucceflors, Kings or Queens atthe demife 0f this realm, and shall afterwards be appointed iuftices of the vf •iLpreient	by	any	commiflion	granted,	or which shall be granted,

and being af- by bis faid present Majesty, or which, after his demife, shall bd tci ward* m granted by any of his fucceflors, Kings or Queens of this realmjj the commif- and who shall take the oaths of office of a justice of the peace, lion of the for any county, city and county, town and county,^ riding, fit taketfie paths divifion, before the clerk of the peace of the refpeAive county,1 of office, be- pity and county, town and countv, riding, or divifion, for fore the clerk which any such iuftice or juflices or the peace shall aft, or Itt-of Pwce» tend to aA, or the deputy of such refpeAive clerk of the peace, (hail have **° and who have taken and fubfcribed at fomegeneral or quarter taken and session of the peace the said oath, by the said herein before in fubfcribed at part recited aA, of the eighteenth year of his faid lale Majeffy's the quarter reign, direAed and required to be there taken and fubfcribed^ oath required anc* may a<^ as 2 J°ftICC the peace for such comity, city bv the recited and county, town and county, riding, or divifion, without a& of is Geo. being obliged to take and fubfcribe again the said oath, without *•	incurring any penalty or forfeiture, for the not taking and fub-

jurtfee, w?th* bribing thereof * the said herein before in pait recited aA, or out taking "* •	anX



176b.]	Anno pnmo'GEcRGH III. c.

any other ftatiite, Jaw, or ufage, to jJie contrary thereof15o any and fub/crib-wife notwithftanding: and that all ads, matters, and things *°g again the done or to be done, hy all and every such justice and juftices, raYd * °re~ or by authority derived, or to be derived, from him or them, and all atfs afce and shall he deemed and taken to all intents and purposes done by them to be of the same force, effed, and validity, to all intent? and ^be^alid* purpofes, as the fame refpedively would have been, if such per-t0 c va 1 * for\ or persons had taken and fubjeribed such oath, by the said herein before in part recited a<^ required to be taken and fub-feribed, at fomc general or quarter session for such county, city and county, town and county, ridingor divifion, for which he or they did or should ad, or intend to ad.

II.	And be it further enaded by fhe authority aforesaid, ThatSuch a* have from and after the palling this ad, no person who hath already taken, or shall hereafter take, the oaths ufually taken by a ju- gn<jer a WTlt (lice of the peace, under a writ or commiffion of Dedimus Pole- ot Dedimus Jfatnn> MTued, or which shall be iffued from the clerk of the Potcftatcm> * crown, shall be obliged or compellable to fue out or have any ^om^uinz^ other Dedimus Poteftatem from tne laid clerk of the crown to ©ut mothfr authorize any person or persons therein to be named to admi- writ for ad-nifter again to any such juftice, on any new commiffion of the miniftering peace being iffiied under the great feal of Great Britain, for any to them county* city and county, town and county, riding, or divifion, ^ juftices i in England or Wales, the oaths ufually annexed to mch Dedimus,	*

and taken by a justice of the peace ; but that the clerk of the but upon peace, or his deputy, of every county, city and county, towri every new and county, riding, or divifion, in England and Wales, for which any such justice of the peace hath already aded and qualified, or oath^anneit-hereafter, before the ifluing any such new commiffion of the«d, is to be peace, shall ad and qualify nimfelf as before-mentioned, (hall, prepared, pn, every such new commiffion of the peace being iflued, pre-pare * parchment roll, with the oaths annexed to, and ufually niSify^hem-takc/i under, the said writ, or commiffion of Dedimus Potejlatem, (elves; are to by juftices of the peace, ingrafted on such roll, and shall ad-fubferibe j mimfter, without fee or reward, the oaths in such roll fpecified to evpry such justice of the peace within the refpedivc counties, cities and counties, towns and counties, ridings, or divifions, for which he shall refpedively ad, or intend to ad, and who {hall defire to take such oaths \ and that every luch justice of an(j the (hid the peace, after the taking the oaths contained in the said roll, rolls are to bf shall fubferibe his name on the said parchment roll; and the *ed ** faid roll, with the oaths fo taken and fubferibed, shall be kept J^cordsoftht by the jefpedive clerks of the peace of the refpedive counties, fcfljons. cities and counties, towns and counties, ridings and divifions, in Eftgbpd and Wales, for the time being, amongft the records thf^ffions for the said refpedivc counties, cities and counties/towns and counties, ridings and divifions.

U3	CAP.



5^4	Anno	primo	{Sboroji |U, p.14,	[176a.

CAP. XIV.

fin d£l to (xtend the provijtgqs relating to the holding qf courts-martial, anfl to the punijhrpent of pffenas commit -ted in the Eaft Indies, contained in the ait made in tki twenty feventb year of bis late Majtfty's reign, intituled9 An act for punjihiqg mutiny and defertion of officers and foldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading; to the £<$ Indies, and for the punilbtpcnt of offences committed in the £afi Indies, or at the ifland of Saint Helena, to the said company's fettlement of Fort Marlborough, and to fucb other principal fettlements, wherein the said company may he hereafter impowered to bold courts of judicature.

Preamble, re- TI/tfERE AS fyan act of parliament pqffid in the twenty fa citing the aft Y Y Ventb year of the reign pf his late mojejly King George the *7 Geo. ?. Second, intituled. An ?ft for. pui)i(hing mutiny and defertion of officers and foldiers in the service of t^e united company of . merchants of England trading to th? Eaft Indies, and for tho punifhment of offence? ,committed in the Jjqjl Indies,, or at the ifland of Saint Helena, it was, amongfi other things, enacted, That Us Majefiy might grant a cofltmijficn or warranty tender bis royal fign manual unto the court of directors of the fifid united companyx who, by virtue of such commiffm or warrant Jhould have popery uot?

•	dev the fial of the fad united company, to authorize and impewtr their

„	prefident	and	csuwil for the time being, at their pri/icipql fettlements

r effectively, or the major part of them, grid their governor qnd conn* cilfor the time beingy at the said ifland of Saint Helena, or the major p^rt of them, fam timy to timey to appoint courts-martial, and to authorise dfa iwpoyjer the commander in chief of ffly detachment , ■ of ahy of th/ officers or fakers employed in the fad company's fervid, to appoint courts-martial for the trial of any of the officers or foldiers. under their refpefliye commands, in which courts-martial the offences ' in the said ail mentioned Jhfifad be tried qnf proceeded agajnfl in fab manner as by the said ah is directed; and it js by the fad aCt provided and enacted, That if Jhould he lawful for hjs fiflajefty to farm, make, and eJlabVfa articles of vuar fear the better government of the said united company'I forces, and for bringing offenders againfi the fame to jujlice, and for other purposes in the said ad mentioned: and whereas, after the pqffing QJ the said aCt, and purfawf to tbf powers therein, bis fad late Majcjly was gracioujly pleafed to grant a commiffviQ or warrant, uyder his royal fign manual, for the purposes in the fad alt erprffed, and also to form, make, and efiabltfh, certain rules end articles of war for the better government of tip officers and foldiers in the service of the fad united company : and whereas his present Majcjly hath been lately gracioujly pleafed to grant to the fad company his royal charter for erecting and holding, at the fad company's fettlement of Fort Marlborough, near Benco'olen, on the wefl coafi of the ifland of Sumatra in the Eaft Indies, courts of jit-

■	dicatun?

2

*	Digitized	by 

29$

Annq prifip Qrorgii HI. c., 14.

cature, as wellftr tivil as criminal caafes, and for	the

faid charter mentioned and exprejfed: and whereas it will be greatly to the- advantage of the said united company, that their trefuknts and council for the time being^t their faidfettlement erf F ort Marlborough, and also at any other principal fettlement the said company may hereafter be pffejfed of and wherein the said company Jhall be authorized to. hold courts of judicature at herein after-mentioned, Jhould bo ipt-powered to appoint and bold courU-mprtial, under the like powers and authorities, and in like manner, as the fame may be appointed qnd held under the said act at the said company's other principalfettlemcnts in thefaid aft mentioned; be it therefore enaded by theKing's mod exceUeitf majjefty, by and with the advice and confent of the tords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the same. That hi*Hi» Majesty Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, may, at any time or times here- autho* after, grant a comoriflipn or warrant, commiflions or warrants, o^dircdlort to under his or their royal fign manual, unto the court of directors impower the of the (aid united company for the time being, who, by virtue governor and1 of any such commiflion or warrant, shall have power, under the council.°f. feal of the said united company, to authorize and impower their fetdeme^at

!governor and cofuncil for the time being, at their faid principal FortMarlbo-ettlement of Port Marlborough, or the major part of them, and rough, or clfe-their governor and council for the time being, at every or any where» "^ere other principal fettlement which the said united company fhall, cature Si?be at any time or times hereafter have, or be poflefled of, within authorized, to the limits of trade granted to the said company, and wherein appointcouro the holding of courts of judicature shall be authorized by any ma*ial f°r charter or letters patent to be hereafter granted by his Majesty, ofm his heirs, or fucceflbrs, from time to time, to appoint courts- n martial; and to authorize and impower the comtr.andtr in chief of any detachment of officers or foldiers employed in the said company's fcrvice, to appoint courts-martial tor the trial of any of the officers or foldiers under their refpedive commands; in which Courts-martial all the crimes and offences mentioned and fpecified in the said in part recited ad, or in the said rules and articles of war already made, or in any other rules and articles of war to be hereafter made, purfuant to the powers given by the said recited ad, committed within the said principal fettlement of Port Marlborough* or the diftrids thereof, or witlr-in any such other principal fettlement as aforesaid, shall and may be tried and proceeded againft; and the fentences of judgements pa(fcd upon such offenders, executed in such and the like manner, and with the like powers and authorities, under and fubjed to such and the like reftridions and regulations, and by the fame means, methods, and proceedings, manner, and form, as such or the like offences committed in any of the said company's principal fettlements in the said ad mentioned, may or can be tried and proceeded againft by virtue bf the said ad and articles of war, or either of them.

U. And be it further enaded by the authority afortfeid. That Opprefli int, if any of the said united company's prefidents, or council, at and other il.

U 4	their	l«gal a^a

%g6	Anho	pTHno

committed by their laid fettlcment of Fort Maedbornughf uf crt a*y< cfttotr ftp** orcoundf11^ ^P1* fattement, wherein the faW company tajybe'hetwafter may be en- iippowefcd to hold courts of ju4ic4turt, (huH W^ky^xip* quired into prcffing any of his M^jefty'e fabjedts bevondthe fes?,vwkbm and puniflied their reipedtive jurifdi&ons or commands, orihaU bdguiityaf *!?c c,oart any other crime or offehce contrary to the laws of that pour of Bench*/or Great Britain Called England, or in force within their roipe&iwe court of com-jurifdidtions or commands, such opprcffion, crimes, and ofiw-Tuiilionert in ces, may be enquired of, heard, and determined, in bis Mn-England. jefty's court of King's Bend), within that part of GreatBrkain called England, or before such commiifioners, and in 'iuch county of that part of Gnat Britain called England, at ftiaH be afligned by his Majesty's commHBon, and by good and^wfol men of the same county; and such punishment ihafrbdinfli&ed on such offenders as are ufually inflidted for offences oLthciikc nature committed in that part of Gnat BrforiircaltedEngland.

\% 'r' ;•":>*> v.',\

CAP. XV.	>*	,

An a£l to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late eorittia-rifchall, a fum therein limited, out of the principal money and intnreU now remaining due to the public on account of. the pur chafe mpneyof certain parts of the forfeited eftates of the said late ehrl, .	,

Preamble, reciting aft i Geo. i. » Geo. i. and 4 Geo. i* HiaMaje-fty, Sec. im powered to grant unto George JKeifch, lafe e^rl njgrifchtil, any fuin not exceeding 3,618 I. 98. and two twelfths of a penny, with interest for the fame, from Whit*Sunday, 1711, out of the pUrctnrfe mo* ney and interest due to the public for certain parts of his eftaterr ^he Brine to be fettled by the court of Exchequer in Scotland. The money and interest granted to veft in the grantees named in the letters patent v. wpd after payment thereof, the said parts of the estate are difehargea from all claim thereon. Beneficial interpretation of this a£l. Refervatibn of rights.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue the duties for encouragement of ibg ceith age of money.	\

May it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty;

Preamble, re. \\T H ERE AS by an act made in the eighteenth year oLthe cit,n8 fe- ▼ * reign of King Charles the Second, and continued, with feme iiTcar. a °* additions, by an act made in the twenty fifth year of his reign* both *5 Car. %i which afts were revived, and further continued, by ah aft Made in 1 Jac. %.	the firjl year of the reign of King James the Second, and.farther

4 w. &M. continued by several fubfequent afts made in the fourth year , of the 12& 13 W. 3. r£i£n of King William and Queen Mary, and tu the twefxhnand ' 3 thirteenth year of the reign of King William the third, certain rotes and duties were impofed on all wines, vinegar, cyder, and beer ^ end elfo on all brandy wines and firong waters, imported pr brought into the port of London, or into any other ports, creeks, or places, wkfcin the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the said several rates and duties to bo applieduo-1 wards defraying the charge of the coinage of gold and fiber metnes in the mints of England: and whereas after the union of the. two

kingdoms

*97

tj&K] Anno prtmo Gso&tn lll. a

kingdoms ^England and Scotland^, an aB was made in the feventb year oftbe nign of <jhmt Am*, whereby ibe like, rates and duties 7 Ann*, veer e granted and made payable far the like purpefes, and for the term therein mentioned, on all wines* vinegar, cyder, tor, tovdf tvtnttand firing waters* imported into Greet Britain; and the fold uBvmadein the eighteenth and twenty fifth years xf the reign of King Chnricnthe8ecend, and also an aB made in the fourth year of 4 Ann*, the reign of Hpueen Anne, and every claufoi article, and fentenu, m the /aid aBs* or am of them, contained, were revived, and further eontinuei,	form additional proxiifions,for the service of the

mints in England and Scotland refpeBiveiy: and whereas by an act made, in the firfi year of the reign of King Geoige the Firfi, the 1 Geo. 1. find feverol rates and duties, and all the Jdid former aBs, and all other aBs of parliament concerning coinage then being in force, were revived and continued for the further term therein mentioned j and a provifion was thereby made for fupplying any deficiency of the revenue Jettmd for the encouragement of the coinage: and whereas the fond several rates and dvties9 and all the jaid acts concerning coinage % were, with a like provifion for fupplying any deficiency of the [aid revenue y further continued by several jubfoquent aBs made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firfi, and in the fourth year 9 Geo. 1. of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second: and where- 4 Geo* »• as by an aB made in the math year of the reign of his faid late ma- 9 Geo. %. fifty King George the Second, the said duties on brandy wines and firong waters, were united to the aggregate fundy and f ill continue . part thereof: and whereas by an aB made in the twelfth year of the i» Geo. a.

! reign of his fond late majefiy King George the Second, and also by one other aB made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his fold late t9 <3*0.1. Majefiy, fitch only of the said rates and duties fo granted by the said aB made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as were thereby charged on the importation of wines, vinegar, fyder, and beer, and all the said former aBs, and all other aBs of parliament concerning coinage, then being in force, and the fame provifion for fupplying any deficiency of the said revenue, were further continued, and, by an aB made in the twenty seventh year of the %7 Geo. *. reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Second, have conti-v puanee for the fpace of seven years from the firfi day of March, one i thousand seven hundredand fifty four, and until the end of the firfi foeffton ef parliament then next following, and no longer: and whereas

*	great benefit hath orifen from the encouragement of coinage given by

*	tbo faid aBs, and it is therefore expedient that an adequate revenue pi fettled and continued for the like purpofes: we, your Majesty's mo# dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affemblcd, do give and grant unto your Majefty

' the rates, duties, and impositions, herein after-mentioned, for and during the term herein after-expreiTed; and do humbly pray* that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King's

*	moil excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and corrfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

. parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the same, That Coinage do-fuch and the* like rates* duties, and imposition*, as by the said

1,1	a. continued





*9$	Ann<>piim^G»i^edrtlIl^	Wty* £17644

for 7 years, aft of the eigbtefchth year of tberellgr^o^ King Chart# th+fim^ from rMarch, concj were granted, and, by the fdtSfhM^uent a&s^ wtftf-ftow^ 17 *•	tinued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar; Cjr^tay

*md beer, during the refpe&ive term* tfverew mentioned, (keif' be further continued, and be paid aodpoyabte to'his Mfcjoftyv hh heirs, and fucceflors, for aftd upon altwinesv vinegar; cyder; and beer, which shall be imported or hrOught intoOw^ flri-kttn> within or during the (pace of'feven years, to commence' from the first day of March, one thou fand fevon hondrcd and flxty one, and imtil the end of the flrfb feffiorv of parliament The recited, ^en next following, and no longer; and that alt* the fa4d for* concerning § mcr a<^s> an(* ^ other a&s of parliament cebccrning coinage, coinage, to be and every of them, and every clauses article, and fcntonct ' in in force, dur- them, or any of them, contained, now beingin force, thdftev ing the laid and are, by virtue of this a&, continued, and fhatt b* in foflrtfb, term'	and be duly put in execution, for and during att foeft fimab

and term as are before-mentioned, as filfty and effi^udily* as if the fame were particularly repeated and‘r*-6na&ed intfce-hbdjr of this present a<$h

II. jfnd, to the end the importers of gold and fiber into the mints of England and Scotland refpefttvcly', may not be difioumgod bye any deficiency of the revenue by this a& fettled for defraying the coin-* age thereof\ oe it farther enadfed by the authority aforefeid, Treafuryim- That it shall and may be lawful to< and for the c&mrfcHfibnerai ShTwhai° ^ treasury, or anY ^ree or more of them now being, oc monies shall the high treauTurer, or any three or more of the commiffionera he necessary of the treasury for the time being, and he or they is or are fordefraying hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies anting Ky KS ">» ■«- or out of any other puhWck fupplies granted, or to be in England* granted, by parliament, to caufe so much money to be applied and Scotland! as shall be neceflary for defraying the expeoces of thb faid'mbits of England and Scotland refpedHvely, by way of impreft and foas, together upon account for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with althdufieC°in *he coinage duties arifine by this *&y do not exceed, in any noTto^xceed one year» ^ura °f fifteen thousand pounds, and fe as the 15,000!.in any faid monies be iflued out of the exchequer of Great Britain to year, &c. the mafter of the mint in England, and to the mafteroftbemint in Scotland refpedlively, for the said purpofes.

CAP. XVII.

An a St for relief of infolyent debtors.

Preamble. Alphabetical lifts to be made out of prifoners in cuftody for debt on *5 October, 1760, or since than; with tot time when charged, and at wbofe fuit: the fame to be delivered in to the quarter Mions* The warden of the Fleet, and marlhal of the King's Beach prison, tp take the appointed oath on delivering in their lifts. Other gaolers to take the appointed oath on delivering in their lifts. The oaths to be admU niftered by the joftices in court, and entered and fttbfcribed at the hot* tom of each lift. Lift to he kept by the clerk of the peace. Copieref the lifts to be delivered in to be fix'd up in thejprifons, and on the gates thereof. Perfons inferted in the lifts being prifoners, without a fraudulent intention, on 15 Oftober, 1760, conforming to the regulations of this*#, (haH be difcbarged. Ppfoaers in cuftody at tbctime of paiaag

17^0.] Arinq ptfmo Gfoaoii in. e.

this aft, nh$ vert arrefted for debt on or before %$ Qftober, 1760, Mid ht^d to ba^U and rendered themfclv**, ice. on or before *8 Nov. 17^ on conforming to the regulations of this aft, (ball be difeharged. Juftices, Upon the petition of the prifoner, atid hi* delivering a fchedule of hit eftate, jure to iffue their wvrapt for bringing the prifoner to the ouarter idfions, &c. with the warrant of detainer and copy of the writ, dec. Gaoler, dec. to obey such warrant* Schedule of the prifaner's estate to bo tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace, for the inflection of the creditors* Prifoner* intending to petition for their difeharge, are to give previous notice thereof thrice in the Gazette, and other news papers. Contents of the notice. a d. each time* and no more, to be paid for inferring fiioh notices, f irft notice to be infeffed 30 days, and the la ft to days before the quarter fftpons, Scc. Prisoner being brought into court, due publication of the notices required being proved, &c. ia to deliver in a fche-dple of his eftate, debts, and creditors. Prifojier's oath on delivering in the said fchedule. Schedule and oath to be fubferibed in the court ; and lodged with the derk of the peace, for the examination of the creditors. Cqurt, if required by the creditor, may admijutfler an oath to the gaoler, or any other perfon, touching any of the matters preferibed to be fworn to. The prifoner's oath not being di(proved,, the court is to difcharge biip; upon paying a fee of is. to the gaoler. Gaoler indemnified ror the efeape, Eftate and effefts of the prifoner, upon bis dsfckafge, to veft pi the clerk of the peace, who is to make oyer the fame to the afligpees garped by	cqurt, for which he is to be paid as. and no more. Affigncee

iimjowyred to fue, and execute any truft or power in the prifoner'* bo-bjuf; and give difebarges. They to get an, with all fpeed, the eftate

gl effefts of the prifoneft and make fate, within two months, of pri-er> real eftate, in manner agreed upon at a meeting of the creditors fummoxjed for that purpofe; and make a dividend within three months 5 ftrft making up their accounts, apd verifying the fame upon oath. Thirty . days notice to bp given of making any dividends, and none to receive

Ky ftmf tbeteqf but such as shall prove their debts. Debts entered, to e^^pjjined into and determined by the court. Surplus of the prifoner's eltate, $fter fatUfyipg ail claims thereon, to go to the prifoner. No iuit in equity to be commenced, but by confent of the majority in value of the creafeots* Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney, upon payment of is. the fchedule of the prifoner's estate and effeftfe At rafted copy thereof to be granted; which shall bcevideace in aU courts. Cleric of ^he peace refufuag to product such fchedule, or to deliver a copy thereof, or taking exorbitant fees for the fame, forfeits 10 L and jpreble cofts; one moiety to the prolocutor, and the other to the poor pf the pari(h. Afhgneee of copyhold and cuftomary eftate* to com*-pound with the lord of the manor, and to be admitted tenants thereupon. The prifoner's, &c. right and interest only to be atfefted by this sift. Effefts on the premule*, where rent is due, are to be transferred to the landlord, and not made over to the aftignees; unleft they (ball agree to ferisfy the landlord* Aft 8 Anne. All mortgages, jftatutet, cecogoiaapees, and judgements, are to take place, preferable to plaimA of pp inferior nature Power in the prifoner of leafing lands, too* tp veft in the aftignees. The lifting gaoler at the rime of delivering the lifts, only liable to be fworn. Court, if required by a creditor, opposing the prifoner's difeharge, is to adminifter the appointed oath to the gaoler. The oath. If such person fbaU not have been the gaoler on *5 Oft* info, &c. then the appointed oath is to be admin iltcred to him'. The oath- Court, if required by a creditor, may fummon the person whp afted '5 gaoler on 25 Oft. 1760, or fince, and examine him touching -the commitment and continuance in cuftody of the prifoner. Gaoler disobeying the warrant, or order of the court, &c. forfeits 1001. with tasbfecoft*. Debtors who were beyond the feat on 15 Oft 1760, furren-dering themfclv.cs, may take the benefit of this aft, upon the lame terms ias other prifoner* j. excepting such particulars wherein the cafes of both dirter. Fugitive's oath. Gaoler and printer of the Gazette, or other pews paper, not complying with the regulation*in this aft, forfeit took \o the prifoners with treble cofts of fuit.' Gaoler, cvnvifted of perjury,

forfeit^

*97

Anno pfJrino'GfeoRGii Til. C. 17.	[1760*

forfeit! 5O0I. with full colts of- fuit, Sec. One moiety to go to the in-, former, and the other towards fatisfying the debt! of the creditors* Clerk of the peace refuting the prifoner a copy of his difeharge, or taking exorbitant fees for the fame, or for aligning over the priloner's tftats and efte&s, forfeits aol. to the prifoncr. Prifoner convi&ed of perjury* to fuffer as a felon. Perfons difeharged by this a&, not liable to arretk. for debts. Sec, contracted before 15 OCb 1760.. Juftices, (he riffs, and gaolers may plead this a<51 to any attion of efcape, or fuit brought them, and recover, treble cofts. Perfoiis difeharged may plead general tyv Sec, to all aCfions or judgements brought againft them before 15 OCt. 1760, See. and in other (uits, may plead in difeharge of their persons from execution. Plaintiff may reply generally. Sec. but if nonfuited, il to pay treble coffs Bankrupts not obtaining their certificates in doe time, excluded from the benefit of this aCt. Attormes embezz,ing» doc. clients money or effcCls, excluded the benefit of this aCf. Gaoler to permit the fpeaking m private to prifoners, whofe names are inferted xn rh^ lift, or iiizette, Sect and the examining the original books of entries^ ire* on penalty of 401. wkh cofts of fuit. Prifoner s future estate and jefTeCfcs^ ■otwiehftandklg his personal difeharge, liable to creditors. Wearing apparel, bedding, and working tools, &c. not exceeding iol, value, except ed. Creditor may fue for the recovery ot debt due at the time qf prifeoer's difeharge, but not hold the prifoner to fperial bail, nor take nis perfon, wearing apparel, bedding, or tools, in judgement j and ndf advantage is to be taken of the caufe of aCrion not accruing witfun threq years, nor of the ftatute of limitation. Exception. Difeharge of prf^ loner noaoquittal to the copartner or fureties. Gaoler making falfe entries in the prifon book or lifts, forfeits 5001/with treble cofts, ovelr intf above all other penalties for fitch fraud. Prifoner refuting to declare the abode. Sec. of tne person at whofe fuit he is detained, or to come bo "the creditor in the lodge, is excluded the benefit of this aCt. Juftfces fot Com* York and Lincoln, to meet at the county gaols. See. for difeharge of prifoners. Thofe who are prifoners for their fees, or other demands of the gaoler or officer, to be difeharged. Debtors to the crown, and prp* foners who owe above 10001. to one perfon, unlefs the creditors con fen t, are excluded the benefit of this a6t. Creditor oppoting priioner's difeharge, to allow him 3s. 6d. per week. On nonpayment priloner tobe difeharged. Difchartes to be obtained by 31 March, 1763. Perfons feized of an estate tail, claiming the benefit of this a£lr are to deliver auo the fame to thecreditors. Affignees may apply for further examination ot prifoner, touching the discovery of his effects. Sec. and juftices may ferid for and examine the prifoner accordingly. Prifoner refuting to appeal or to anfwer upon oath, may be commited. sol. per cent, allowed oil difcpvering within twelve months, any part of the prifoner's eftate, not returned in the fchedule.^ Difeharge obtained fraudu!ent!y, void. Crij ditor may compel any prifoner, charged in execution, to appear at foe quarter feflions, with the copy of his detainer, and deliver m a fi&afote of his eftate. Prifoner fubferibing the fchedule, and making a difcoVe^j of his eftate, is to be difeharged. On his refufal lb to do, or conceding to the amount of aol. Sec. be is to fuffer as a felon. Wherr'prifohef t* to be compelled, notice is to be given in the Gazette, Stc. that other ert-dieon may Come in. After affignees shall be chofen, the estate and tf-fotHofthe prifoner are to be fold with aH fpeed, and Attribution hiadfc among the creditors. Difputes touching any debt to be determined by the court 3 and furplus monies to be paidover to the prifoner. Odth tow made by prifoner compelled to deliver up his estate and efte&s j tie is & able also to undergo further examination for discovery of Ml tffk&t on the application of the affignees, and on itfufal may be committed; Pvrfons concealing any estate or effects of the prifoner forfeit ?ooL and doable value, with treble cofts of fuit. Affignees, with confent of the majority in value of the creditors, may compound for debts due to the prifoncr's estate $ and may fiibmit any difpute relating thereto to arbi-{ration, of ©therwife may fettle and agree the fame as they shall thing fit. Affiances may be petitioned againft, tor infufficfency, fraud, xjdfinanage-

W*U

1760.] Anng pripio G?orqii III, c. 18, 19.

nient, or other misbehaviour ; the court thereupon is to fummon fhc parties, and make such orders therein ns they shall think fit. where mutual credit has been given, the balance to be dated and allowed. Thole who are prifoners upon proceis out of courts of confidence to have the benefit of this ad. Quaker's affirmation to be taken in lieu of an oath. Perions who took the benefit of the ad *8 Geo. 1. excluded. Mariners, and thofe who have bten in the ft a or land fervice, are, upon their dif-charge, if under <0 years of age, and approved of, to ferve during the

S-efent war ; and if they defert. Sec, they are liable to arreft and imprl-mnent, at iuit of their creditors. This ad not to extend to Scotland.v

CAP. XVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the linking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and lixty one.

Preamble. 1,761,4.00!. out of the finking fund, and 88,667 L 10s. re* rtiaining in the exchequer, part of 90,000!. granted to hisJatetMajefty On account of the militia; granted to his present Majesty, for the service of the year 1761. Claufe of loan. Tallies of loan to be ftruck. See* Orders regiftered and paid in courfe. No fee for regiftering, Uc. Pe* nalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies aredat* ed or brought the fame day ; nor if fubfequent orders be paid, before such as were not demanded in corn fe. Orders aflignable. Coimniffion-trs of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies. Clauds in the land tax aft relating to exchequer bills, extend* td to this. Bills difeharged to be cancelled. The bank impowered to advance on the said credit of loan, any fum or fums not exceeding 1,761,4.001. the aft of 5 and 6 W. Sc M. notwithilanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament; and for exempting any annuities or lums of money granted or to be granted to the royal faou* ly, from payment of taxes.

Preamble. Credit ofloan granted to his Majesty for i»ooo^oqL Trea-fury may raise the lame by loans or exchequer bilis, in like manner aa is preferibed by the land tax aft of this feflion, concerning loans or txche* quef hills thereby to be made out. The ciaules, Scc. iu the said act relating to the loan* or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer" bins to b? made forth m purfuance of this ail j principal and Miter?#, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if none fufticient be grantedbefore 5 July, 176s, then they are to be paid out of (be finking fund; and the monies fi> iihicd to be replaced out of the, fir# fupplies. The bank impowered toadvance on the said credit of loan * any Aim or fums not.exceeding 1,000,oool. the aft ot 5 & 6 VV. Sc M. netwitU* {landing. Appropriation of the lupplies in general. The monies aiifing by the land tax, malt aft, lottery aft, and linking fund, with tbefumof 88,6571. 1 os. remaining in the exchequer, of the money granted iivthq year 1759, towards pay and cloatbing for the militia. See. and the further Aim of r,000,oool. granted by this aft. Viz. Out of the aids io geoersh 3^,598,6141. 7$. iod. towards naval fervices herein fpecified* 7,i3oh t«s-syards finilhing the hofpital at Haller near Golport. 10,oool. towardali-hiflnng the hofpital near Plymouth. 479,0351. tys. xd. for chiPgft ef iranfport fervice. 718,7161.13s 1 id. for charge of the office of ordnance for lapd fervice. 8,415,1931. is 4<L iq. towards the land/for<**ingeoo« ral; of which, 1,576,985b 10s. 7d. for charge of 64,074 tifeftive nsen*ia-eluding,tholf in Germany, See. 843,756!. its. pd. for guard* and £txri* fons. See,, in the plantations, Gibraltar, See. 02,179!. for charge of thee* regiments of foot on the Into eilabliffiment fexviog in North AMfkA ; .. « *



Arimy pritfto OfidftOTt ill. C»	t§»f l^6d.

72,896 k (48. id. fofbay of the t^hehd and g*W£r*l ft&ffolfft^, mid Wifi* cers of the hofpitals for the land fofees. Wb^cSl. tys. ^d. fo^ charge of 'thfc embodied militia in South Britain; ana the fencibfe mfcn (hire j and a battalion of highlander* id North Britain 5 with the additional funi of 493,66$!. 98. tod. for the said purpofcs, to *4 Det. i76f. c6,^ll. *58. id. upon atcdUirt, for clbathihg the ethbodied militia Fof 176*. 21,3611. in. 8d. for charge of the difference between the pay of Anffc-W-ther's regiment on the Bntifh eftablifirnieht, and the fufti paid by Ireland $ and of augmentations to the forces since the eftimates for 1761 #ete deH-vered ih. yo.oool. dpoti account, for pay add doathtng of the militia when unembodied for 1 year, from 45 March, 1761.	34,844!.	9s. ad. to

the reduced officers of the land forces and marines. 1,9731. ios. ad* allowances to the officers ahd private gentlemen of the two trodjMrojF bone guards, and regiment Of hone reduced* and fuperinhuUted gtnttemeiV of the four troopi of horft guards. 1,9111. for pertfion* to the widows of officers, who died on half pay. 18,3601 is. ird. for out penfionfcrtofOTel-fta bofpitak 463,874!. 19s. id. it), for charge of the troops of Hanover* Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha* and count Buckeburgg, to 14 Dec. 1761 § to be iflued 2 months in advance: the troops to be muttered by an Tngfiih commifiary. 168,3601. 8s. 8d. for chaige of the troops of Hefle CafTH, to 24 Dec. 1761, together with the fubfidy for the said time. 1473071!. 5s. id* for charge of an additional corps of troops of Hefle Call'd, to 31 Dec. 1761. 57,7981.16s. forchargeof the troopsof thedukeofBrunfwick, to 44 Dec. 1761, together with the fubfidy for the said time. 2,569k ios. to rafcke good the deficiency of the Aim voted the lalt fefiion for the laid troops. 25,504!. 6s. 8d. for charges of 5 battalions ferving with his Majeffy'e army in Germany* to 24 Dec. 1761. 1,167,9031. 12s. od. for extraordinary expeaces of land forces, and other fervices incurred in 1760, not provided for by parliament. z,ooo,oool. towards the charge of forage, bread; and other contingencies, for the army under Prince Ferdinand 993,844!.: fU 4-d. 3q. for extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other fervices incurred in 1760, not provided for. 136,479!. 148. id. »q. for extraordinary expences of bread, forage, &c. fumiflied by the chancery of Hano-Ver in 1757 8, to theHeflian and Pruflian forces in Germany, riot provided for. 670,000!. to the King of Pruflia, puffuant to treaty. i20,oool. to the landgrave of Hefle CaUeb purfuant to treaty. i,ooo,ooel. to difeharge the like Aim borrowed, purfuant to a vote of ctedit of tbfe laft feften. i,ooo,oool. upon account, to defray any extraordinary expences of the War which may be incurred in 1761. 1,500,0001. to difenarge the exchequer bills iffued, by an ait of the lait fefiion, towards paying off the navy debt* io,59fl. its. 9d. for fupplies of the colony of Nova Scotia for 1761. 4*057!. tot. for charge of the civil eftabtiQiment of Georgia,' to 14 June', 1761. s 00,000k as a compensation to the provinces in North America, for expences incurred in levying, &c, troops there. io,oool. to the Ef£t India company, towards defraying their military expences. 15,000k towards repairing London Bridge. 44,197k 10s. to the foundling hofpifel, for maintaining the children admitted on or before 15 March, 1769, the fame to be iflued without fee. 13,000!. for fupporting the British forts jn Africa. 49,424!. to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid thereout for deficiency of the malt tax for 1760. 71,01 il. 6s. nd. to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid thefeout for deficiency of the duties on offices, penfions, and houfes, See. for 1760. 5,969k i»*. 9d. aq. to replace to the finking fond the like Aim paid thereout for deficiency of the fubfidy of poundage on goods imported. 89,510!. tss. nd. to make good the deficiency of the grants for 1760. 38,5531. 12s. id. 3q, for difcharging the claims on the Lovat eft ate. Thefe aids to be applied to no other ufes. Rules to be obfervpd in the application of the half pay. Claufe in sttk 32 Gee. 2. Application of the favings of the said fum ol 35,651k 9s, granted the lalt fefiion towards half pay. The fum Of 38,553k 12s. id. 20. appropriated for difcharging the claims on the Lovat ettate to be paid into the banks of Scotland. The creditors thereupon to produce to the court of exchequer in Scotland, fhe decrees of the court fuftaining their faid claims, by 5* July, 1761. Court to make out debentures for the principal and in-•creftj to be paid at fight, without deduction or fee, at the banka. Thu

de*

rjflSa] Anno pritnpGrEe^cji J JJL c.20,-21.

tiedfHs JttftC beiHg produced by .the iakl day, jhe claims are not intltted to carry fartber'ifitereft. Barons ot the Exchequer to afcertaim the officers fjees i the fame to be pitd Vy the banks. Officers not to demand or takfc ^myteeot the-creditors, otvfoffehure of iool. with full coftsof fuit. Sur-^tdus the.naotiey appropriated tor d\fch*rgiag the said claims to be reserved for the future dil^iiripn of parliament,, All annuities, See. granted by biftMajetty to any et the royal family to 56 ta^free.

CAP. XX.

An a&fbr enabKitg Ms MajAfty to raise a certain funs of money towards ' paying off land dtfchargivgfh* debt of tl* navy; and towards naval ierviots* lor the year one thouftnd fev^n hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or con trails of clerks t6 attornies orfollkitors, and filing thereof.

Preamble., Credit ef loan granted to his Majesty for 1,500,000!. Trea-fnry may yaiie' the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as ff preferibed by the land tax a& of this feffion, concerning teams or tv-chequer bifls thereby to btf made oat, Theotaufes, &e. in tne faid aft re* dating to the loanjs or exchequer bills, extended to the loans or exchequer bills to be ma4e forth in purfuance of this ad. Exchequer bills, after being iflued and applied, not to be received Or exchanged by any collectors, &c.of the pubqck revenues, before 16 March, 176s. * No a&ion to He for fucb refnfal. Principal and intereft, with the charges attending., to be paid out of the next fupplifs, and if none fuffident be granted before 5 July 176 a, then thev are tp be paid out of the finking Fund j and the monies fo iflued are to 6e replaced out of the first fupplies. The batik hn-powered to advance on the said credit of loan, any fhm of fums not exceeding 1,500,0001. the a& of 5 & 6 W. & M. notwithftandmg. Application of the said Aunt via. 1,000,0061. towards paying off the debt of tbe navy, and 500,0001. towards naval Cervices for tne year 1761. Further time allowed to 6 tfov. 1761, for making and fifing affidavits Of the execution of articles, See, of clerks to attornies or follicitors.

203

‘CAP. XXL

An act for tbe better prefer vat ion of tbe game in that fart ef Great Britain called Scotland; for repealing part of \an act faffed in tbe twenty fourth year of tbe reign of bis . late Majtjly, for the better prefervation of tbe game in / that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

FOR the better prefervation of the game in that part ^Great Preamble.

Britain called Scotland, may it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enidled; and be it enadled by the King's ' * mbft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons, in this present par- _	..

liapoeat afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That ho ^wJien^-ith-perfon in Scotland lliall, upon any pretence whatfoever, take, kill, in the time*

* deftroy, carry, fell, buy, have in his or her pofielfion or ufe, any here mention-moor fowl or tarmagan between the tenth day of	,	and	VIZ'	Moor

the twenty fifth day of July, in any year; nor any partridge be- maganbe^ tween the first day of	February, and the first day ofSeptember, in tween 10 Nov.

‘ any year; norany pheafant between the first day of	and	and *< July j

the first day of Oflober, in any year; nor any heath fovrt cbm- partridge be-, monly called Black	Game, between the first day of	, and jJJJJ s'ept.

the twenty fifth day of Augujl, in any year.	pheafant be*

tvtben r Feb. uitd-i Oft. black game between 1 Bee. and *5 Aug. in any year.

'* J ”	■“	1	■	'	-*t!	•	•	•	Uv	And

304	Anno	primo GeoRGU III. c* tt? [tjrAx .

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afotefeid. That on penalty of every person tranfgrefling this aA in any of the aforesaid cafes, 5l-	(hall,	for every bird fo taken, killed, deftroyed, carried, fold,

bought, found in their pofleffion, or ufed, forfeit and pay the or * months fum of five pounds sterling*, and in cafe of infolvency, the impriionment. ^rty offending shall fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of two months.

Offences how III* And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, to be enquired That all offences againft this aA shall and may be enquired into into and deter- and determined either by the oath or oaths of one or more ere-nuncd* dible witnefs or witaeffes, or by the confelfion or oaths of the parties accufed, before any two or more of his Mqefty*s juftices of the peace, or before the (heriff depute of the county where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender fhafl be found; and that all profecutions for offences againft this ad, shall be carried on, either at the inftanceof the nfchal of court, or of any other person who will inform or complain.

Application of IV. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid,That the forfeiture, one moiety of the forfeitures to be incurred for any offence againft this ad, (hall, when recovered, be paid to tne informer or profecutor, and the other moiety shall be applied to the life of the poor of the pari(h or place where the offence Ihall be committed.

V.	Provided always. That any person aggrieved by the judgment of any juftices of the peace, or (heriff depute as aforefeia, may have liberty to appeal to the next general or quarter feffions, , in cafe such judgement was given by any juftices of the peace as aforesaid, or to the lords of judiciary in their next circuit court, or (where there are no circuit courts) to the court ofjufticiary at Edinburgh > in cafe the judgement complained of was given by the (heriff depute of any county; and that the determination of the said general or quarter feflions, or of the said circuit court, shall be final and conclufive to all parties.

Ad not to ex-	VI. Provided always. That nothing in this aA shall extend

fantior^* to any P^ca^ant or partridge, which shall be taken in the feafons tridges kept in allowed by this ad, and kept in anv mew or breeding place. Tuew8,&c. VII. And be it further enaAea by the authority aforesaid, Claufeio ad That from and after the pafling of this present aA, so much of an aA pa fled in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the better prefervalion of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ as limits the time for killing any moor fowl, partridge, or heath fowl, shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed*

Perfon 1 aggrieved may appeal to tne quarter (ef-ftons, or lords of judiciary.

*4. Geo. 1. re piealed

CAP. XXU.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament td- • wards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that parti) £/ Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for ont year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand (even hundred and sixty pne.

Preamble. .Where pay has not yet beep iffued, the lieutenant* or depute lieutenant *f the county, after having certified to the treasury the aduii i	in*



i7*o.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.23.	305

Snrbllnbent of the proportion of men ami officers required to be inrolled, before pay* arms, or cloathing, are ifluable, are to certify the fame alio to the receiver general of the land tax ;, and also the return of any of the troops that have been embodied and called out, which shall be difembo-died and returned home. Receivers general are to make iflues of 4 months pay in advance, from the date o? such certificates, according to the e&abliihtnent of pay here fet down. With half a year's fa 1 ary to the regimental and battalion clerks, and the allowances to the clerk of the general meeting; and clerks of the fubdivi(ion meetings; and also pay For cloathing. Where certificates, as aforesaid, have been received, the receivers general are to make the uftial iflues, without any new certificate for that purpofe. The money to be paid to the clerk of the regiment or battalion; and for independent companies, to the refpe&ive captains, or to,their order. A second payment to be also made within 3 months after the first ; and a third within three months after the fecond. Receipts of the persons to whom the money (half be paid, difcharge the receivers general. The clerks are to pay t month in advance to the adjutant, and 14 days to the.ferjeant major and drum-major; and * months pay in advance to the captains, tor their refpe&ive companies 5 who are to diftribute the fame as it becomes due ; and account for the fame yearly to the clerk, and pay back the furphis monies; and also the balance of the money allowed tor contingent expences; which is to be applied to the general ufe of the regiment. Captains of independent companies to diftribute the pay to their men, and apply the money allowed for contingent expences.

Clerk to retain in his* hands money for his own falary; and difeharge the cloathing bills. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into aftual fervice, all pay from the receiver general is to ceafe. The clerk of the genera) meetings is to be paid his allowance, upon producing an order from the lieutenant. See. and the clerks of the fubdiviiion meetings, upon producing a like order from the deputy lieutenants. Orders to tfifeharge thfc receivers general. Regimental and battalipn clerks to give fecunty for paying and accounting for the monies received by them; the bonds to be lodged with, the receivers general, and putin fuit by them,

&c. op nonperformance of fpe conditions; and they are intitled thereupon to full cofts and charges, aud 5I per cent, of the money recovered; the refidue to be accounted for to the auditor. The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and disbursements, and pay over the balance to the receivers general; who are to tranfmit the accounts into the audU tor's office. Lieutenants neglecting to take proper security of the clerks, or to depofit the bonds with the receivers general, are anfwerable for any lofs of monies fuftained by their default. Recovery of penalties, &c. No feoto be paid forifluitig warrants for money.

CAP. XXIII.

An	aft for rendering more ejfeftual the provifions in an aft'

made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of of his late majejly King William the Third (intituled.

An adt for tbe further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and. liberties of the fubject) relating to the commijftons and falaries of judges.

WHEREAS by an ail pajfed in the twelfth and	fvam^o',![e"

years of the reign of his late majejly King William the	a'n^nf, wiE.

intituled. An a& for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the fubjedt; it was enabled. That after the limitation of the crown thereby made Jbould take effefl, judges commij/ions be made quamdiu le bene gefferint, and-their falaries afetrtatned and ejlablijbcd j but upon the addrtfs of Voi. XXIII.	X	bet*





Judges conti nued in the

306	Anno	primo	Georgii	III.	c.23*	[176a.

both houses of parliament, it might be lawful to remove them: and whereas your Majejly has been gracioufly plea fed to declare from the throne to both houses of parliament, that you look upon the independency and uprightnefs of judges, as ejfential to the impartial admini-Jlration of juftice^ as one of the bejl fecurities to the rights and liberties of your loving fubjefls, and as mo ft conducive to the honour of your crown \ and in confequence thereof your Majefy has recommended it to the confederation of jour parliamcnt9 to make further provifeon for continuing judges in the enjoyment of their offices during their good behaviour , notwithfeanding the demife of your Majejly, or any of your heirs and feucceffort \ and your Majejly has also defered your faithful commons, that you may be enabled to fecure the fdiaries of judges^ during the continuance of their commiffeons: and whereas in return for this paternal goodnefs9 and in the juft eft fenfe of your tender concern for the religion, laws, and liberties, of your people, we have taken this important work into our confederation, and have refolved to enable your Majesty to ejfeftuate the wife9 jufe% and generous purposes of your royal heart: may it therefore pi cafe your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and the?roffice«0t tcmp°ral> and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, during their and by the authority of the same. That the commiffions of good beha- judges for the time being, shall be, continue and remain, in vi°ur, not- full force, during their good behaviour, notwithstanding the Tn demife of	°f	his Majesty (whom God long preferve) or of anyof his

the crowns heirs and fucce(k>rs; any law, ufage, or pradtice, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. but they may II. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore-be removed faid, That it may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-, by the crown, ceflbrs, to remove any judge or judges upon the addrefs of both

1,, . \ , ^ „

III.	And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That fuch

^heir^\lan.C8» falaries as are fettled upon judges for the time being, or any of

themntinu-8 them, by adt of parliament, and also such falaries as have been

ance of their or shall be granted by his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, to

commiiHons, any judge or judges, (hall, in all time coming, be paid and pay-.

able to every such judge and judges for the time being, fo long

as the patents or commiffions of them, or any of them refpec-

.	.	..	tively, shall continue and remain in force.

.afteranySe-*	1^.	And he it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

mifeof the	That such falaries of judges as are now or shall become paya-

crown, out	ble out of the annual rent or fum granted for the fupport of his

of such of Majesty's houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the

granteeffor* crown> (hall, from time to time, after the demife of his Maje-

the ufes of the (ty, or any of his heirs and fucceffors, be charged upon, and

civil govern- paid and payable out of, such of the duties or revenues granted

f°r ufes of the civil government of his Majesty, his heirs, and

after fuchcjc- fucceffors, as shall be fubfifting every after such demife refpedtively,

mife, until until fome further or other provilion be made by parliament for

further provi- the ^xpenc^s of ths cjvil government*, and from and immedi-fion be made	^

by parliament,

&c.

$°7

i 76a] Annb primo Georgii lit. C. 24^-32:

ately after the making of such provifion, and during the continuance thereof, such falaries shall be paid and payable out of aU or any of the monies which shall be applicable to such ufes and cxpences as aforesaid.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchefter, in the county of Dorfet.

CAP. XXV,

An act for repairing and widening the road from the east end of Weft .Taphoufe Lane, to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House $ and alio the road from the said borough of Liskeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Paflage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for making, widening, and repairing, a road from the north east fide of the Golwell Street road, next Islington, in the county of Mid-dlefex, and near to the road called the New road, over the fields and grounds to Old Street road, oppofite to the Doghoufe bar$ and at and from the Doghoufe-bar, to the end of Chifwell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

|C A P. XXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaftem end of the borough of Grampound, in the county of Cornwall, through tfeft. towns of Saint Auftel and Loftwitbiel, and from thence to the east end of the Weftern Taphoufe Lane, in the said county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for enlightening the streets within the city of Exeter, and fuborbe

thereof.

CAP. XXIX.	•

Aft aft for repairing and wideningthe roads from Dyed Way, to Somer* ton i and from Gawbridge, to Tintinhull Fords} and from a ftreamof water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the county of Somerfct.

CAP. XXX.

An act for continuing and amending an act made in the sixteenth year of his late Majetty's reign, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucefter, to the top of Birdhp Hill 5 and from the foot of the (hid hill, to the top of CnckJey Hill.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act pafied in the thirty Jecond year of the reign of bis late Majesty, intituled, AnaSto explain, amend, end render more tffeSnal, the powers granted bp fevered a&s of parliament fir ref ear mg several roads leading to the dtp of Bath j and fir amending ft-vered other roads near the feud dtp j as direfts the laying out a new ro*d from the Bridge at Bath to Rum Hill.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for amending and widening the road leading from the town of Falmouth, in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helfton, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the weftward of the (aid river and bridge.

X a

CAP-

Anno primo Georgii in. c. 33,-41^	[17^0*

cap. xxxra.

»> w niutuu «uiu (cuucr mwccncuuiu <ui aw pdiicu lit u

year of the reign of hit late majelly King George the Second, intituled, An a& for repairing the road from Leeds, to Sheffield, in

York.

An act to attend and render moreeffeftual an act palled in the thirty firft

~	Second, in ma-

in the cmntpffi

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Traveller's Red, in the pariih of Alhburton, to Newton Bulhei, and from thence to Forches otherwise Forgers Crofs, in the pariih of Highweek* in the county off Devon.	*

CAP. XXXV.

An act for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the pariih of Thom* gumbald, to Pattnngton Greek, or Haven; and from the Guide Poft m Wineftead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's farm, in the county of York} and for fcouring and cleaniing the laid creek, or haven.	^

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for difcontinuing the ufe of a road, in the pariih of Great Pack, ington, in the county of Warwick $ and for preventing the truflees, appointed to put in execution an act palled in the thirty third year of his late Majefty's reign, for repairing the road from Stone Bridge to Caftle Bromwich, from erefting a gate or turnpike between Stone Bridge and the place where the road turns off to Colelhill in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XXXVII.

. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Filherton Bridge, to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in Well Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road at the weft end of Heytersbury; and also the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hill, in the pariih of Urlhfont, to the mile Hone at the weiiern end of Filherton llreet, in the county of Wilts,

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repairing the pariih 'church of Croydon, in the county of

Surrey.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordfley Green Gate $ and from the well end of Billion Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street oppolite the Old Bulh in Dudley ; pnd from a place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham} and from the market -crofs ip Wolverhampton, to Cannock, m the counties of Stafford, Worcelter, and Warwick.	1

CAP. XL.

An act for rendering more effectual leveral^afts palled in the tenth year of her late majelly Queen Anne, in the eleventh year of bis late majesty King George the Firll, and in the eleventh year of his late majelly King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the road from Dart ford to Northfieet and Gravefend, and from Gravef-end to Chalk, and from Northfieet to Chalk, and from thence to the (tones end near the pariih church of Strood, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road Upon Gatherky Moor, in the county of York, to Staindrop, in the county id Purhsup * and tfqsg tbs laid turnpike road, near Saudi ways,

acrpfr

1760.]	'	Anno	primo	Georgii	III. c. 48,-44.

acrofs the river Tee*, to Wlnfton, in the laid county of Durham $ and for building a bridge over the said river, at or near Winfton Ford. <

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and amending the road leading from Wbitecrolk, in the pari(h of Leven and Holdejmefs, in the east ruling of the county

. of York, to the town of Beverley, in the laid county.

CAP. XLUI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Weftmorland, through the townlhip of Orton, to Kirby Kendal ; and from Orton, to the turnpike road near Shap, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the town of Kirby Steveh, to the town of Market-hrough, in the laid county.

• CAP.XLIV.

Jin aft for continuing lo much of an act palled in the thirteenth year of King George the Second, intituled, An aB for making mare efeBual tnvq aBs of parliament faffed in the fcventh and tenth years of her late metfe/h S^uen Amte% for trejemmsg and enlarging the harbour of Wbitebaruent » the county tf Cumberland^ and for repairing and amending, the high roads leading to the said harbour and tvwn of Whitehavenf a* mate* to the prefers ing and enlarging of the laid harbour.

X3	APPENDIX

D6 unione

Jurium ct pof-feflionum Co-mitatus Hereford Ducatui tanc' f'ca

APPENDIX-

j Ex	Rot, in Turr. Lond,

Parliamcntum de Anno fmndo Btnrici quinti Pars fecunda.

ITEM fart afiavoir q' le Roy de ft c'teine Science & del aflent des S'r$ efp'uelx fe temp'elx & des Co'es aflemblez en cfcft p'lement o' pleide audorite de mefme le p'lement declaraft g'n-taft & ordeignaft ent' aut's cbofes q' toutz les Hono's chefteux Hundredes Com'otes Maneirs t'res tenementz rev'fions Annu-itees rentes Services fees avoefons Pofleflions Sc S'ies q'conqcs iibien deins le roralme d'Englet're come es p'ties de Gales Sc es aut's lieux dedeinz les S'ees & peufte du Roy queux foint defcenduz ou defcenderent enheritablement a Roy ap's la mort Dame Marie une des filles Sc Heirs Humfrey de Bohun nadgairs Count de Hereford £flex Sc North* &Conftable dEnglet'recome a fitz & Heir mefme cele Dame Marie ovefq; toutz les droitures lib'tees franchifes & francs cuftumes a mefme cele inheritance app'tenantz ou regardantz foient fev'ez de la Corone dEnglet'rc & adjointz annedez uniz Sc encorperetz au Duchee le dit Roy de Lancaftre a mefme le Roy Sc a fes Heirs come a mefme le Duche iflint adjointz annedez uniz & incorporetz p' petuel-ment a demurrerz & q' eftoutz les honours Chafteux Hundredes Com'otes Manoirs t'res t'cnts & rev'fions fuifditz Sc les aut's chofes q'conqes a la dite enheritance regardantz & les homes Sc tenantz a ycell app'tenantz foient auxi entierment enfranchifez & p'autielx Oflic's tretez gardez & gov'nez en toutz points come les Pofleflions a le dite Duchee appurtenantz & les homes Sc tenantz a mefme le Duchee regardantz font enfranchifez tretez gardez & gov'nez purtoutz jours Sc ceo folont la forme force 'deles {x'olfes eontenuz envtmfc cedule mys en cede p'le-ment Sc p' le Roy del aflent des SM avantditz & p' l'audorite p'dce ovefq; toutz claufes en ycell eontenuz pleinement affer-mez dount le tenure cy enfuit Henricus dei gra' Rex Anglie & Francie*& Dominus Hib'nie Om'ib's ad quos p'fentes 1're p've-n'int falt'm Solaris q'd cum Ducatus Lancaftr' ac q'm plura alia Com' Honores Caftra Man'ia Feod' poflefliones & D'nia infra Regnum n'rum AngP & p'tes Wall' ac alibi cariflimo d'no k P*ri n'ro d'no Hen' nup' Regi Angl' defundo tarn p' mortem Celebris memorie Henr' nup' Ducis Lancaftr' p'avi n'ri ac carif-

3ri

APPENDIX.

Ex Hot. in Turr. Lond.

'fimi d'ni & avi n'ri Joh'is nup' Ducis Lancaftr' necnon carifli-me D'ne & Avie n're D'ne Blanchee nup' ux'is ejus filie Sc he-rcdis p'd'ci p'avi n'ri jure hereditario anteq'm ad Staturn Sc dignitatem regalem rer' d'ns om' fua ineffabili clem^ncia ip'um Pre'm n'rura nup'ime evocavit defcendcrent & acciderint in quib's quidem Ducatu Com' Honorib's Caftris Man'ijs Poflcf-fionib' & D'nijs div'fa Lib'rates jura regalia confuetudines & francheiie d'cis p' genitorib' & anteceflorib' n'ris quedam vid'ejt eis & heredib' de corporib' fuis exeuntib' et quedam Ubi & Heredib' mafculisde corporib' fuis exeuntib' ac quedam p'fato D'no & Avo n'ro ad t'minu' Vite fue p' div'fas Cartas tam D'ni E nup* Regis Angl' p'avi n'ri q'm D'ni Ri'ci nup' Regis Angl' Sc* di poll conqueftu' ftt'ant concefla p'fatufq; Pater n'r nolens d'cam Hereditatem fuam aut lib'tates ejufdem occ'one aflum-p'cois regalis Status & dignitatis fue in aliquo mutari t'nsferri diminui feu derogari feteandem Hereditatem fuam in jurib' Sc lib'tatib' fuis p'd'cis eifdem modo forma condi'coe Sc Statu quib' fibi defccnderant Sc evenerunt ac eciam cum oin'ib' Sc fingulis talib' lib'tatib* fuis p'd'cis ac alijs privileges com'oditatib* & p'ficuis quibufcunq; quib' p'd'cus D'ns Sc Avus n'r dum vixit earn ad' t'minu* Vite fue ex conceflione p'd'ci Ric'i nup' Regis hu'it Sc tenuit eidem P'rirt'ro Sc d'cis Heredib' fuis in Cartis p'd'cis fpecificatis plenarie Sc integre confervari continuari Sc heVi volu'it ac -p' cartam fuam ex c'ta fciencia fua dc aflenfu p'liamenti fui Anno Regni fui primo tenti conceflerit declara-v'it decrev'it Sc ordinav'it p' fe Sc Heredib' fuis tam Ducatus fuus Lancaftrie q'm univ'fa Sc Ursula alia Com' Hon res Caftra "Man'ia Feoda Advoca'coes pofleluones annuitatcs & D'nia que-cunq; fibi ante ademp'coem dignitatis fue regie qualit'cunq; Sc ubicunq; jure Hereditario in D'nico S'vicio vel in revTione feu alias qualit'cunq; defcenfa eidem P'ri n'ro Sc d'cis Heredib' fui3 in cartis p'd'cis fpecificatis in forma p'd'ca remaneant imp'p'm et q'd talit' & tali modo Sc p' tales Official & Miniftros in om'ib' deducantr Sc gub'nent* & p'tra<3entr ficut remanere de-duci gub'nari Sc p'tra&ari dcberent fi p'd'cus Pater n'r ad Cul* men dignitatis regie aflumptus minime fuiflet ac infup' q'd talia & hujufmodi lib'tates jura regalia confuetudines & francheiie -in Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris Man'ijs feodis ac cet'is pof-feflionib* Sc D'nijs p'd'cis in om'ib' & p'om'ia imp'p'm he'ant* exe'ceanr continuent* fiant Sc utantr Sc p' tales Official Sc Miniftros gub'nentr Sc exequantr que & qualia 3c p' quales Officiar' & Miniftros tam tempore d'ci D'ni & Avi n'ri q'm temporib* alior' p'genitor Sc anteceflor' fuor' in eifdem Ducatu Com* Ho* norib' Caftris Man'ijs feodis ac alijs pofleflionib' Sc D'nijs p'd'cis uti & h'eri ac regi Sc gub'nari confueverunt. virtute oartar' inde conf'car* Volens ult'ius Sc concedens p'fatus Pater n'r ac p' fe Sc Heredib' fuis ex c'ta Sciencia fua Sc aflenfu p'd'cis plenarie de-clarans q'd univ'fi Sc fipguli Tenentes fui de Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris Man'ijs feodis ac alijs pofleflionib' Sc D'nijs p'd'ciY ic Heredes fui adeo lib'i fint Sc in om'ib' talis ac adeo lib'e et

X4	illefe

APPENDIX

Er Rot. is Tstrr. Lond. iUefe confii'coir tpm In ingreflib' fuis in Hereditates fu*s pfeft Mortem anteceflor' fuor' q'm in tcnuris (bis ac alias qualtt'cunq; ficut cffe potuiflent & debuiflent de Con fa etu dine vd dc jure fi d'ca digwitas regia d'co P'ri n'ro nufq'm accidiflet d'ca aflun>p'coe file, dignitatis regie aut eo q'd Ducatus Com9 Honores Caftra Man'ia feoda Advoca'coes poffeffiones D'nia & lib'tates p'd'ca in 2|>anu ip'ius P'ris n'ri adtunc exiterunt feu aliqua int'rup'coa Ceflac'oe vel difcontinuac'oe Lib'tatu* p'd'car' feu aliquib* alij* occ'ooib' caufis colorib' vel impediments quibufcunq; que idem Pater n'r in contrariu' p'd'car' voluntatis conceflionis & deda-t raco'is fuar* vigorem feu effc'm aliquem be're noluit in aliquo non obftaotib' Provifo femp* q'd Tenentes ip'ius P'ris n'ri infra Com' Palatin' Lancaftr' Hereditates fuas in manu p'd'ci P'ris n'ri & d'cor' Heredum'fuor' in d'cis Cartis fpecificator' poft mortem anteceflor' fuor' feu alio modo feifend' & capiend* extra eandem tnanu' p'fati P'ris n'ri & d^or* Heredum fuor' in cartis p'd'cis fpecificator' p' Lib'aco'em in Cancellar* Regalitatis ibidem h'end* p'fequantr ut eft moris & fu'it faciend' r'one Regalitatis fup'd'ce & q'd p'rogativa fua quoad Maritagia & p'ficua Maritagior' Heredum alior' Tenentiu' fuor' ext' d'c'm Com* Palatin' feifend' & h'end' locu' h'eat & vigorem p'd'cus Pater n'r volu'it infup' & conceflerit p' fe & Heredib' fuis^ex c*ta lei-encia fua & aflenfu p'd'cis q'd univ'fa & fingula Beneficia ee^ cliaftica ad Hereditatem fuam p'd'cam fpedhncia p'fe & d'coa Heredes fuos in d'ci9 cartis fpecificatos continue futuris tempo-rib' conferantr Ita q'd Cancella' vel Thef' Angl* p' tempore ex-iften' feu quivis alius Ofticiarius regius de Collac'oe vel p'fen-tac'oe feu eciam de vifita'coe beneficior' h'mi r'one Officiori fuor' feu nullatenus intromittant in futur' Et ult'ius idem Pater n'r volu'it & conceflerit p* fe & Heredib* fuis ex c'ta Scienci* fua & de aflenfu p'd'cis q'd om'es & finguli ReceptoresTeodarij Firmar' Ballivi Prepofiti Officiary ac quicunq; alij Servientes & JMiuiftri p'fati P'ris n'ri & d'cor' Heredum fuor' in d'cis Cartis foecificator' p'd'cor' Ducatus fCom' Honor' Caftror' Man'ior* reodo' Poflcflionu'D'nior*& lib'tatu' de om'ib' & finguli9 fienaL rijs firmis Redditib' exitib' reyenc'oib'& p'ficuis quibufcUnqpdfe qifdem Ducatu Com' Honorib* Caftris Man'ijs feodis pofieffio* ,pib' D'nijs & lib'tatib* qualit'cunq; p'venientib' coram c'tis fpe* qalib' auditorib' Officiary^ & Miniftris p* ip'm P'rem n'rum & d'coes Heredes fuos in cartis p'd'cis fpecificatos de tempore4n tempus ad hoc limitand' k aflignand'd untax at & non cotam iThei' k Baronib' de Sc'cio regio computent & refpondeant jpontinue in futur' Ita q'd Thef' & Barones de Sc'cio p'd'co de aliquib* hms denarijs firmis redditib* exitib' revencVib' aut .p'ficuis feu de aliquib' Compolis vel ro'cinijs inde audiend* D'end' reddey'd' vel t'minand' in futur' fe non intromittant uUo modo ac cum p'fatus p'avus n'r p'cartam fuam nup* conceflerit p' le & Heredib' fuis p'd'cis Avio & Avie n'ris q'd ip'i & Here-$Vfui de corporib' fuis p'preati & om'es ho'mes fai de t'ris & ^pdif que fu'unt flenr^quandam Comkifr Lancaftrie P'ris p'fati • r	Henr*

 v^ooQie

A P P E N I> I X

Ex Rot; id Turn Lend.

Hear* nupVDtitfs p'fcvi n-ri Septimp die Maij Anrto lUgnt d*<sl D'ni P'avi n'ri fexto docimo imp'p'm (int quieti de PenagioPaf-fagio Picagio laftagio ftaUagio tallagio cariagio pefagio picagid & t'ragio p'totum Regnu' & poteftatem ip'ius D'nt P'avi n'ri Poftmodumqr p'fetus Kic'us imp* Rex p' Cartam fuatn coneefle* rit p'd'caAvo n'ro q'd ip'e ad totam vitam fUam h'eret om'ei fines p' t'nfgreffione & aJijs malePcis quibnfcunq; aceciam fintS ft licehcia concordandi & om'imodos alios fines Redempc'oeai & am'ciamenta ex quacunq; Caufa & p' quameunq; Caufanrf prvenient nec non Exitus forisf'cos & om'ib' her'ib' Sc tenentib* de & in t'ris Sc feodis p'd'ci Avi n'ri & deom'ibi infra eidcm t'ras & feoda refidentib' q'mq'm ijdem ho'ies tenentes feu refi-dentes Miniftri ip'ius nop' Regis Ric'i vel Heredum fuor* exiftent Etq'd idem Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam h'eret quafeunq; fo-risPcuras annu' diem vaftem & eftreppamentum & quicquid ad ip'ra nup* Regem Ric'm vel Hefedes fuos p'tinere poliet de Anno die vafto Sc eftreppamento forisf'curis & Murdris infra t'ras St fieoda p'd'ca in quibufeunq; Cur' fuis & Heredum fuor' five m quacuhq; Cur' alt'ius conting'et q'd p'd'ci ho'ies tenentes leu re-fidentes fae'ent fines vel client am'ciati vel Exitus forisfae'enfc feu q'd p'd'ca Annus Dies Vaftum & eftreppamfcntum forisPcura vel Murdrum' adjudicata eflent tarn in p'fencia ip'ius Regis Ric*i & Heredum fuor' q'm in abfencia fua & Heredum fuor'&tatft fioram ip'6 & Heredib* fuis & in Cancellar' Ilia & Heredum fuoi* ac coram TheP & Baronib* de Sc'c'io fuo & Heredum fuor' & coram Juftic' fuis & Heredum fuor* de Co'i Banco necnon coram Senefcallo Sc Marefcall' feu Coronatore hofpicij fui & Heredum fuor'vel Cli?co Mercati qui p'tempore efient & in alijs Cur* fuis & Heredum fuor* q'm coram Juftic' fuis itin'antib' ad £o'ia fdi'ta & ad pli'ta fbrefte Juftic' ad Affifa capiend* & gaolas delP-b?and? ac coram quibufeunq; alijs Juftic' &'Miniftris fuis Sc Hz* redum fuor' tam jn p'fencia fua & Heredum fuor' q'm in Abfencia fua Sc Heredum fuor' adeo plene & integre iicut iderp Dup? Rex Ric'us ea h'eret fi ilia p'fato Avo n'ro non conceffiffrt Ita q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r p* manus Ballivor' & alior'miniftror* fuor' levare p'cip'e Sc h'ere poflet fines redempe'oes & am'cia-menta ip'orym ho'iu* tenenciu' & refidenciu' de & in t'ris Sc fro-dis p'd'cis exitus forisf'cos & quicquid ad ip*m nup' regem Ric'um vel Heredes fuos p'tinere pofiet de Anno die vafto eftreppamento forisPcuris & Murdris de & in t'ris & feodis p'd'cis que coram d'eis Juftic* itin'antib' ad Co'ia pl'ita & ad pl'ita fb-refte ac coram p'd'cis fenefcallo & Marefcall* Coronatore vel Cl'ico Mefcati fieri feu adjudicari cOnting'it p'extra<ftas eor'dum Juftic^ itin'anciu' in itin'ib fuis ac p'd'cor'. fenefcalli Marefqafl' Coronatoris & Cl'ici in Sefiionib' fuis Ballivis & Miniftris p'd'ci Avi n'ri inde lib'and* Aceciam fines redemp'coes & Amerciament' de ho'ib' tenentib' Sc refidentib' p'd'cis ac exitus forisfebs & om'ia que ad ip'm nup' Regem Ric'm vel Heredes Tubs p'tj-nere poflent de anno die Vafto Sc eftreppamento fbrfePcuris & Murdris de & in t'ris Sc fcodis p'd'cis que coram ip'o vd Here-

3*4

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turn Lond. dtb' fuis vel in Cancellar* fua & Heredum Suor* feu coram' TYies* & Baronib* fuis de Sc'c'io Sc Heredum fuor* vel coram Juftic* zed Aififas capitnd* & goalas delib'and' aut Juftic' Sc t'nfgrefliones & fclonias audiend* & t'minand' afiign'feu coraol alijs Juftic' •vel Miniftris fuis quibufcunq; & Heredum fuof* fieri vel adjudi- J cari conting'it p* extrt&as de Sc'c'io fuo & Heredum fuor' Hal- I livis & Miniftris p'fati Avi n'ri p' Manus Vicecomiturti in quor* .BalJivis d'ca t're & feoda exift'ent rnde lib'and' fine Occ'one v&I Impedimento ip'ius hup' Regis Ric'i vel Heredum fuor' Juftic' Vicecomitu' Efcaetor' aut alior' Miniftror' fuor* et Heredum fuor* quor*cunq; Et q'd p'd'c'us Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam p' fe oc Miniftros fuos in om'ib' t'ris & feodis p'd'cis tam in p'fencia ip'ius nup' Regis Ric'i & Heredum fuor' q'm in abfen-•cia fua & Heredum fuor' fac'et Sc h'eret Aflaiam & aftifam panis vini & c'vifie & omnimodor* alior' vidhialiu' quor'cuncq; ac alior* ad Offic' CPici de Mercato fucr»& Heredum fuor* p'tinen' cum pu'nicoe cor'dem quociens Sc quando expediens forct et necefre Aceciam h'eret & p'cip'et finek Am'ciamenta & redemp'coes ac omnimoda p'ficua inde p'veniencia Itaq'd Cficu'sMercati ip'ius nup* Regis Ric'i Sc Heredum fuor* non ingrederet d'ca t'ras vel feoda p' aliquib* ad officiu' fuum p'tinentib* faciend' feu ex-er'cendr' Et q'd idem Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam h'eret Cat-talla felonu* Sc fugitivor' tam felonu' de fe q'm alior* quor'-cunq; ac utlagator' ex quacunq; caufa o'mn' hoi'um' Sc tenen- j ciu' de Sc in t'ris Sc feodis p'd'cis necnon omn' refidenciu' infra eadem t'ras & feoda q'mq'm ijdem ho'ies tenentes aut refidentes Miniftri ip'ius nup' Regis Ric'i vel Heredum fuor' exift'ent Ita q'd fi aliquis ho'iu' Sc tenenciu' de & in t'ris & feodis p'd'cis feu aliquis refidenciu' in d'cis t'ris & feodis aut aliquis alius in eif-dem t'ris Sc feodis p' aliquo fuo ihalef'co quocunq; debeat vitam •vel Memb'm amitt'e feu fug'et & judicio ftare nollet aut aliquant aliam t'nfgrcflionem tac'et p' qua ip'e deberet p'dereCat-talla fua in quo loco Jufticia de eo fieri deberet live in Cur9 ip'ius nup' Regis Rfc'i & Heredum fuor' vel in alijs Cur' Cat-talla ilia effent p'd'ci Avi n'ri Et liceret ei feu Miniftris fuis pon'e fe in feifina d'cor* Cattallor' & eadem Cattalla adopus p'd'ci Avi n'ri retinere fine Occ'one vel Impedimento ip'ius nup' Regis Ric'i vel Hered* fuor' Vicecomitu' Efcaetor' aut alior* Ballivor' feu Miniftror* fuor' Sc Heredum fuor' quor'cunq; Et q'd p'fa-tus Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam h'eret retorna omn' br'iura ip'ius nup' Regis Ric'i & Heredum fuor' necnon Sumonic'onu' extradtar' & p'ceptor' de Sc'c'io fuo & Sc'c'io Heredum fuor' ac extradtar' & p'ceptor* Juftic* fuor* Sc Heredum fuor' itin'anciu' t'm ad pl'ita forefte q'm ad Co'ia pl'ita aut alior' Juftic' quor'cunq; necnon attachiamenta tam de pl'itis Corone q'm alior* in emnib' t'ris & feodis p'd'cis Et q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r ad totam Vitam fuam p' fe & p' Ballivos & Miniftros fuos h'eret in cif-dem t'ris & feodis execucoe'm eor'dem br'iu' Sum'onicionu' extradtar* Sc p'ceptor' Ita q'd nullus Vicecomes Ballivus feu alius Magifter ip'ius nup' Regis Ric'i vel Heredum fuor' p'd'ca t'ras

*	Ar

Ex Rot. in Turr. Loud.

Sc feoda ingrcderct* p' aliquo Officio vcl aHqua re Officiu9 fou* tangcnte faclcnd* nifi in def'm ip'ius Avi n'ri vcl Miniftror9 fuof Ac infup9 idem nup' Rex Ric'us p' eandem cartam fuam conceiferit p9 fe & d'cis Heredib9 fuis q'd fi Vicecomites vel Bal-livi Lib'tatu9 Hund'ror' feu WapentachiorJ in aliquib9 execu?-coib' p' p'dco Avo n'ro p' B'ria feu Mandata fua vel Heredum fuor9 leu aliquo alio mode faciend' negligentes eflent vel remiffi p9 quod conting'it ip'os am'ciari aut fines facere in ScVio vel m alijs Cur9 fuis & Heredum fuor9 h9mi fines Sc am'cramenta .eflent p9fati avi n9ri & q'd levarent* ad opus ip'ius Avi n'ri p* Miniftros fuos fup'd'c'os durante Vita fua Et q'd p'd'cus Avu* n'r ad totam Viiam fuam h'ret infra om'ia p9d9ca t'ras & feoda fem'ioda Cattails vocat Wayf & ftray deodanda Thefaur' inven-turn ac alia res vel Cattalla invents et q'd ip'e p' fe & Miniftros fuos feifire & cap*e poflet ad voluntatem fuam ad opus p'd'ci Avi n9ri Wayfs and Strays deodanda thefaur9 inventum ac alia invents fup'd'ca Et q9d p9d9cus Avus n'r ad totam Vitam fuam h'eret quecunq; bona Sc Catalla Vocata Mannop9a capta vel ca-

Sienda cu9 quacunq; p'fona infra t'ras Sc feoda p'd'ca ac p9 ean* em p'fonam coram quocunq; Judice de ad vocata fubfequent? q9 Pater n9r ex c'ta Sciencia fua de aflenfu p'rliamenti fui p* Cartam fuam concefTerit dedarav'it Sc ordinav'it p9 fe Sc Heredib* fuis q'd tarn in Ducatu fuo Lancaftrie q'm in univ'fis & fingulis alijs Com9 Honorib9 Maa'ijs feodis pofleflionib' Sc D'nijs eidem P'ri n'ro ante adep!coem dignitatis fue regie qualit'cunq; &ubi-cunq; jure bereditar9 in D'nico Servicio vel rev'fione feu alias qualit'cunq; defceqfis talia Sc h9mi lib'tates jura regalia confuetudines Sc tranchefie in om9ib' Sc p9 om'ia imp'p'm h'eantr ex9-ceantr continuenT fiant Sc utant* & p9 tales Officiarios Sc Miniftros gub'nent* Sc exequantr que & qualia & p9 quales Official & Mmiftros tam tempore d'ei D9ni Sc Avi n'ri q'm temporib* alior p'genitor Sc Anteceflor fuor9 ineiidem Ducatu Com9 Honorib 9 Caftris Man'ijs feodis & alijs pofleflionib' Sc D'nijs p'd'cis uti & h9eri ac regi & gub'nari cbnfucverint virtute cartaru9 inde conf'car' p'ut in cartis p'd'cis plenius continetr Sc res autem concdfiones declara'coes decretum Ordina'coem Voluntates Lib'tates confuetudines Sc Franchefias p'd'ca ac om'ia alia Sc fingula in Cartis p'd'cis contents rata h'entes Sc grata ea p' nob*

Sc Heredib9 n'ris quantum in nob' eft ex era9 n'ra fp'iali ac ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra ac de aflenfu D'nor9 Sp9ualiu? & temporaliuf necnon com'unitatis Reeni n'ri Angl9 in p'fenti p'Jiamento n'ro qxiften9 auctoritate ejuldem p'liamenti acceptam* approtam* ' concedim* Sc confirmam? ficut Carte p'd'ce r^onabilit' teftant* Volentes ujt'ius Sc concedentes p' nob' Sc d'eis Heredib^ n'ris de aflenfu & audoritate p'd'cis q9d Lib'tates confuetudines & Franchefie p'd'ce & ear' fingule in om'ib' & p' omnia in p'pto be'antr exe'ceant* continuentr fiant & utantur juxta tenoretft cartar'p'd'car' fine Occ'one vel impedimento n'ri vel Heredum rfror9 Juftic9 Efcaetor9 Vicecortiitum aut alior9 Ballivor9 vel Miniftror9 n'ror9 feu Heredum n'ror9 quor'cunq; $tq'd Sigtllum pf

Ducats

3i$	A	P	P E N D I X.

Ex Rtf. in Turn Lorid.

Ducttu p'd'co hadlenus lifitatum ad om'ia if lingula que fub figillo illo ante hec tempora data concefla adta fVa five gcfta tfu-erunt aut qualit'cunq; emanarunt locum h'eant & vigorenn imr p'p'm abfque reclama'coe feu cont'di'coe aliquall aut impeti'eoe mquieta'coe vel molefta'coe n'ri vel Heredum n'ror* aut Juftic* j Baronu' de Sc'c'io n'ro k Heredum n'ror' vel alior' Officiar* leu | Miniftror' n'ror' vel Heredum n'ror' Coronc quor'cunq; cj*dq$ h'mi Sigillum ex nunc in Ducatu illo p' Negocijs Sc agendiS ejufdem Ducatus faciendis & cxequendis hc'atr & exe'ceat* imb*« p'm Preterea cum div'fa Honores Caftra Hundr'a Comota Ma« n'ia t're ten* revTiones Annuitates .Feoda Advoca'coes ac q*m~ plura alia poflefliones & D'nia infra Regnu' nVm Angl' & par? tes Wair p'di&'ac alibi infra D'ri'm & poteftatem n'ra' que fueT runt de Hereditate p'clare Memorie D'ne Marie unius nliar* Sc Heredum Humfry de Bohun mip' Comitis Hereford Eflex Sc Northt' & ConftabuJarij Angl' Mdtris n're cariflime defunde cuius Heres nos Sum* poll Mortem p'd'ci D'ni & Pri's n'ri qui ea tenuitad t'minu* vite fue p' legem AngP nob* & Heredib* n'ris jure Hereditario defcenderint & accederint Nps jam ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra & de aflenfu & au&oritate p'd'cis om'ia & lingula Honores Caftra Hundi'a Com'ota Man'ia t'ras ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda Advocac'oes pofTeffiones k d'nia p'd'ca d'ce Hereditatis n're Com' Hereford Eflex & Northt' cum fuis jurib' lib'tatib' franchefijs k lib'is confuetudinib' quibufcunqj a Corona n'ta Angl' tenore p'fencium feparam* k ea p'd'co Du^ catui n'ro Lancaftrise adjungim8 annedtim8 unim8 & incorpo-ram* nob' & Heredib' n'ris eidem Ducatiii fic adjun&a annexa unita & incorporata imp'p'm ut p'd'cm eft Remanfur' Aceciam' ut d'ca Hereditas n'ra p'd'cor' Com* Hereford Eflex & Northt* magnificencius infigniri & decorari ac univ'fi it finguli ho'ies & tenentes Hereditates illius nec non refidentes infra eandem ecfr quiecius honorificencius & t'nquillius ex nunc deduci gub'nari & p'tra&ari valeant cet'iq; ligei n'ri corda aflumant hilariofa ad t'ras & ten' ejufdem Hereditatis n're indies conflu'e & ibidem libencius p'manere quo varijs fu'int lib'tatib' Pnchefijs & im-munitatibus ex n'ra lib'alitate fuffulti ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra ac de aflenfu & audloritate p'd'cis Volum* ac tenore p'fenciu' conceding dedaram8 & ordinam8 p' nob' k Heredib' n'ris q'd in uni-v'fis & fmgulis honorib8 Caftris Hundr'is Cojn'otis Man'ijs t'res ten8 feodis d8nijs & alijs poflefjionib' p'd'ce Ffereditatis n'rc Com' Hereford Eflex k Northt* om'ia & fingula lib?tate$ Cqo-fiietudines franchefie & jura regalia p'd?ca que nob8 & Heredib8 n'ris remanere volum8 in om8ib' & p8 om'ia & p* Official & Mi-niftros n8ros Ducatus Com' Honor8 Caftror8 Man'ior' Hundr'br1 Com'otor' t'rar' ten' feodor' d'nior8 k aliar' pofleffionu' p'd'cor* jam conftitutos aflign' & deputatos ac p' nos k Heredes n'ros de cet'o conftituendos aflignandos & deputandos ex nunc fiitu^ temporib' adeo plene integre k pacifice h*e^ntr exce*ceantr con-tinuent8 fiant & utantr p'cPcaq; Honores Caftra Hundr'a Co-mpu Man'ja t're ten'ieoda d'nia k alie pofleffiones ejiffdeoi

Here?





APPENDIX.	317

Bx Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Hercditatis n're Com* Hereford Eflex & Northt' regant* dedu-cantr,& gub'nent* eifdem modo & forma ac fub Sigillo p'd'c'o p'ut eadem Honores Caftra Hundr'a Com'ota Man'ia t're ten* feoda d'nia & alie pofleffiones p* hujufmodi Offieiar* & Minir ftros Ducatus p'd'c'i ac fub eodem Sigillo melius & lib'ius rcgi deduci & gub'nari d'caq; lib'tajtes confilefudincs Pnchefie& jura regalia in Ducatu p'd'c'o ext* Com' Palatin* LanCaftrie h'eri qxe'ceri continuari & fieri confueverunt Virtute Cartar' inde conf'car' q'dq' om'ia & Singula d'eam hereditatem n'ram Comf Hereford Eflex & Northt' conc'nencia que fub Sigillo p'd'c'o '

E* nos data concefla afta f'ca Sive gefta fuerunt feu qua-t'cunqj emanarunt locum h'eant Sc vigorenrx imp'p'm modo quo fup'ius quoad p'd'c'um Ducatum n'Pm LancaftP plenius eft declaratum et q'd om'es & Singuli ho'ies Sc Tenentes ejuf* dem Kereditatis n're Com' Hereford Eflex & Northt* ac refideA-tes infra eandem lib'tatib* Pnchefijs confuetudinib' & Juribus p'd'c'is & cor' quo'lt de cet'o plene Sc integre gaudeant Sc utant* imp'p'm fine Occ'one vel Impedimento n'ri vql Heredum n'roP Juft'ic' EfcaetoP Vicecomitum aut alioP Ballivor' feuMiniftroP n'roP vel Heredum n'roP quoPcunq; q'dq' univ'fa & fingula be^ neficia eccl'iaftica ad d'eam Hereditatem n'ram Com' Hereford Eftex & Northt' fpedtantia p' nos & Heredes n'ros continue fu— tup temporib' fub Sigillo p'd'c'o conferantr Ita q'd CancellaP yel TheP Angl' p' tempore exiften' feu quivis alius Officiarru* regius de collac'oe vel p'fentac'oe feu eciam de vifitac'oe bene-ficioP h'tni Pone alicujus tituli n'ri aut Officior' fuoP fe nullate-9us intromittant in futur' Volentes infup' & ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra ac de aflenfu & au&oritate p'd'c'is concedentes Sc dedaran-tes p' p'fentes p' nob' & Heredib' n'ris q'd om'ia & fingula Honores Caftra HundPa Com'ota Man'ia t're ten* rev'fiones Annotates feoda Advocaco'es ac alia pofleffiones & d'nia que ad manus p'fati P'ris n'ri aut n'ras port d'c'a conceflionem decla-raco'em decretu & Ordinaco'em ip'ius P'ris n'ri de Aflenfu p'li-amenti fui D'd'c'i fic f'ca ut de Jure Ducatus p'd'c'i Occ'one Ef-caete forisreure recup'ac'o'is remanere aut defeenfus five ali'iua tituli feu alias qualit'cunq; devenerunt p'd'c'o Ducatui adjun-gantr anne&ent* uniantr Sc incorporentr nob' & Heredib' n'ris ut p'd'c'm eft remanfur* Ac eciam q'd quandocunq; & quoci-^nfcunq; aliqua alia Honores Caftra Hundr'a Com'ota Man'ia t're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda Advocaco'es aut alia pofleffiones Sc D'nia quecunq; ubicunq; infra D'nium & potefta-tem n'ra p'd'c'a tan'qm ad d'eas hereditates n'ras vel alt'am ear'dem p'tinencia ad manus n'ras feu Heredum n'ror' Pone juris n'ri aut occ'one h'mi efcaete forisf'cure recup'ac'ois remanere aut defeenfus five all'ius tituli feu alias qualit'cunq; futuris temporib' deven'unt eo ip'o Sc q'm cicius Honores Caftra Hundr'a Com'ota Man'ia tr're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda advocaco'es ac alia pofleffiones vel D'nia ilia in manib' n'ris vel Heredum fuoP fic fu'int uni vel alt'i Hereditatu* n'ar* p'dVaP ad quam dinofeunt1 p'unere fimilit' adjunga^P urqaotu* & incor*

porent*



3*8

De Ducatu Lancaftr' & ip'ius Senef-callis*

APPENDIX,

Ex Rot. inTurr. Lond. porcnt* nob' & Heredib* n*ris ut p'mittit* remanfur* ct qM tarn ea om'ia & fingula q*m alia fup'd'ca que port conceflionem de-claraco'em decretum & ordinac'oetn ip'ius p'ris n'ri p'd'ca ad manus fuas five n'ras fic devenerunt feu impoft'um ut p'd'cm eft deven'unt p' h'mi* Official-* & miniftros nYos vcl Heredum aW modoq; & forma fup'd'cis ac fub Sigillo p'd'ca regant* Sc gub'nent* q'dp* lib'tates confuetudines franchefie & jura Regalia om'ia & fingula in eifdem plene & integre exce'ceant* conti nu-entrfiant & utant* imp'p'm fine occ'one vel impedimento n'ri vel Heredum n'ror' Juftic' Vicecomitum Efcaetor* aut alior' Ballivo^ feu miniftror* n'ror' vel Heredum n'ror' quor'cunq; In cujus rei teftimoniu* has LYas n'ras fieri fecim* patentes T. me ip'o apud Weftm* xix die Novembr* Anno regni n'ri Sc'do Les queux p'oles lieux en pleine p'lement le Roy de laffent & audtorite fiiis d'tes comailda fon Chauncellor dent faire faire l'res Patentz de foutz fonn g'nde Seal folont la continue de mefme la cedule en ov'te tefmoignance & affermance de fes declaracion g'nte & ordinance av'ntditz, 1

Parliamentum de Anno tertio Henrici quinti pars fetunda.

FAIT aflavoir q* les Co'es Denglt're aflemblez en cefte p'lement baillercnt une Petition en mefme le Parlementen le forme qenfuit pleafe au Royn're Sr Sov'ain de laflent des S**‘ e/pirituelx & temporelx & de les Co'es en ceft p'fent Parlement aflemblez p' audoritee de mefme la Parlement d'acceptier approver ratifier granter & confermer voz LYes patentes p* vous faitz & grantez in vYe Parlement tenuz a Weftm* lan de v're regne Second touchantz les Iib'tees Cuftumes & franchifes a u-fiers avoirs & accuftumers deinz voz Heritages dev'reDuche de Lancaftre & des Countees de Hereford Eflex & Northt* & autres chofes comprifes en les dites L'res folont l'effedt tenure & pf port des mefmes les l'res en due forme adjouftantz & en outre p' voz l'res ent Affairs grantantz pour vous & voz Heirs de laf-fedt des ditz Sr* & Co'es de mefme ceft p'lement & p' autoritee dicell p'lement pour v're greinde proffit de voz Heritages fuifditz Sc pour la meillour gov'nance dicellas & en confervacion & fu-ftentacion de les avant d'ces lib'tees & cuftumes & franchifes les claufes & p'oles q' cy enfuyent Volentes infup' de aflfenfu DYior^ Sp'ualiu' & temporaliu' ac Co'itatum regni n'ri Angl* in p'fenti p'liamento nYo exifteheiu' & audoritate ejufdem p'liangenti con-cedentes & declarsntes p' nob' & Heredib' n'ris q'd utq; Capi-taliu' Senefcaljor' n'ror' ac Heredum & afiignator* n'ror Heredi-tatum n'rar* p' te'pe exiften' in fingulis Com' d'ei regni n'ri infra Ballivam fuam vel in quib' Offlciu* fuum fenefcalcie exe'cet feu exe'cere debeat in fingulis Com'iflionib* Cuftodum pacis ac Juftic*, laberator* fervientem & artificum nec non Juftic* ad div*fa felo-nias Vnfgreffiones St malePoa audienda & t'minand' aflrgn*

facicad* dc tempore in tempus affignet* Sc n'oietf



 L^ooQle

319

A P P E N D I X,

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. ult' num'um hum'oi Cuftodum & Juftic juxta formam Statutl inde editi prius limitator* Statuto p'd'co non obftante q'dq nulla donac'oesconcelEones p'donac'oes remifliones aut relaxacoe's quo cPcas Hereditates n'l as aut Honores Caftra Man'ia t'ras ten' red- . ditus feoda advocacies lib'tates & franchefias ad eafdem Hereditates n'ras qualit'cunq; p'tinencia feu aliquam parcellim . eor'dem aut Wardas Cuftodias Maritagia Relevia exitus fines am'ciamenta p'ficua & comoditates aut Officiarios^vel Miniftros , n'ros feu Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' Hereditatum p'd'car' five Honores Caftra Man'ia ter' ten' Redditus feoda advocac'ones lib'tates & franchelie ilia in manib' n'ris aut d'eor Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' five in manib' alior' quor'cunq; ex conceftione five feoffamento n'ri aut eor'dem Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror* inde Pco feu faciendo ad t'minu' vite vel annor' aut in feodo feu alias qualit'cunq; ad opus n'rum feu Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' conc'nunt feu aliquo cafu em'gente aut quovis quofies colore conc'nere pot'unt aut de d'eis Hereditatib' n'ris feu aliqua p'cella ear'dem in futur'em'gere aut in eifdem fieri vel oriri con-tig'int fub aliquo alio Sigillo n're Heredum vel Aflign' n'ror' pM'cor magno vel parvo p'tquam fub Sigillo n'ro p' Rucatu p'd'co Ut p'mittitr ordinato vel ordinando duntaxat extunc faci-end' feu	aliquo alio Sigillo aliqualit'

contig'int in futur' valida Sint aut effe<5tualia quovis modo Im-mo cafla irrita	reputenr & he'antr imp'p'm La

quele Peticion lieu ov'tement en cell p'lement & bien entendu fuift refpondu en le man'e qenfuit le Roy de laflent des Srs efpeulx & temporelx efteantz en cell p'lement & a le requeft* des Co'es avantditz le voet in toutz Pointz.

Ex Rotulo Parliament* Anno imo Edwardi 4ft N° 17°*

MEMOR AND' q'd Die Mercury Quarto Die No-vembr' Anno Regni Regis Edwardi quarti poft Conqueftum primo coram D'no Rege in Camera de-pifta infra palacium Sou* Weftm'* Regali Solio Refi-dente p'fentib' eciam q'm plurib' p'latis procerib* et Coib' Regni AngP	parliamentu' tunc ibidem Su-

m'onitu* Au&oritate Regia convocatis ven'abilis pater Georgius Ep'us Exon* CancellarVAngl* Caufam Summo-nic'ois Parliamenti predifti de Mandato Ip'ius D'ni Regis notabiKter Declaravit aflbmens pro fuo' Themate Bonas Facies Vias valde Studia v'ra Jeremie Septimo,

ITEM quedam Cedula formam Aftus in Se continens Exhibita fuit prefato D'no Regi jn prefenti Parlia* gientQ fub eo qui Scquitur Tenor* Vefborum.

FOR





3*0

Corrvucio qua* r'dam D'nor et' altor' Audori-tote parlia-menti•

APPENDIX.

j?* Jb/. in Turr. Lond.

FOR afmoche »/towr tec Kyng	the Sixt avenft thi

Honoure and trowth that owe to be Stablifhed in eW X'epen Prince diifitnilHng with the Right Noble and Famou* Prynce Richard Due of Yotk to whome it lyked at the grdtc and Special Inftaunce of the same Henry and of the Lordes Sp'uelx and Temporclx and Comyns of the Reame of Englond Solempnely to hym made and for the tender and naturall Zele and Affeccion that he hare unto the comyh We!e good Pollitiquc and Reftfoll Gov'naunce thereof to take his Viage from the Cite of London toward the North Parties of the said Reame to Reprefie and Subdue and Refill the Unleeful and inordynat Com'ockm and Riotte there bigoune totheSubv'fion of the said Co'en Wele PolJitique and reftfull Gov'naunce hatheles procured Stered and Excited ayenft his prbmife and the forme of the Convencion and Concorde made betweene hem of and up-pon the Right and Title of the said Coroune Roiall Power Dig-nite Eftate P'emynence and Poffefiion of the said Reame tne Muidre of the same Due And where the feid Henry Ufurpour diffimilyng the Deftruccion of other Lordes and Perfones of the same Reame by his Writts called to affift hym to attend uppon his P'fone to refifte and Reprefle another CommociOn c^PeopIe by his Aflente and Will Gadered and Waged not oonne in the North parties but also oute of Scotlond cornyng from the fame parties with Margarete late called Quene ot Englond and her Son Edward late called Prynce of Wales entendyng to the Extreme Deftruccion of the said Reame namely of the south parties # thereof whereof Experience (heweth the clerenes refp^dl had to * the Spoile by theym of Godds Chirch of Chaleffes Crofles of Sylver Boxes for the Sacrament and other onourments longyng thereunto of defouling and Ravifhing Religious Wymmen Weddowes and Maydens of unmanly and obhemynable entret-yng of Wymmen beying in the naturall Labour and Bataile of TravaHyng of Child by the meyne thereof Piteoufly difperaged heren Sorowyng the Loft therby of the Soules that (huld have been of the Felanlhip of Chriftendom and of the Blifle of Heven not abhorryng of unmanly unnatural! and beeftly Cruelte to drawe Wymmen beyng in Childebedd from their Bedds naked and to Spoile hem of all her Goods a piteous defoheion The fame Henry Adtour Fadtour and provokour of the feid Com-mockm and aflentyng of Covyne with the said Margarete Henry Due of Sem'fet and Henry late Erie of Northumb'lond in a Bataille to be (hewed unto hym & offered of Fraudulent Diffi-mulation in a feid befide the Toune of St. Albounesthe xvij. Day of Fever* laft paft not joyning his Pfone & blode to the defence tuicion and Salvacion of die fame Lordes and P'fones com'en to aflift hym by his audiorite and Com'aundement lyke a vidlorious and a Noble Captaine but lyke a diflfeyvable Coward ayenft Princely and Knyghtlee Duetee fodenly Privately and Shamefully refufed theym Sufferyng and Procuryng to diffeiv-ably thefucion of their Blode and horrible Murdre and deth not

bavyng



$21

AP'PtNDfl.

Ex R$t. in Turr. havyng thereof Sorowe Pittee or Gonw&JQoti Adheryng to thi feid Margaret and to the said Due of-fconrTfet and other Lordes and P'fones that com'itted the feid orrible and cruell murdre of the said Due of York and of the Erles of Rutland and Salefbury and alfoof the feid people in the feid felde befide the feid Toune of Seint Albounes Yevyng therefor to the feid Due and other afliftyng theym therein a Speciall Laude and Thanke from thensforth appliyng to theym and to their outrageous unlefull and unlawfull Riotts and Mifgov'naunce Aft* that Sufferyng wilfully thoo worthy and good Knyghtcs William Lord Bouville and Sir Thomas Kiryell for the Prowefle of Knyhthode approved in their P'fones called to the Order of the Garter and William Gower Squier the beerer of oon' of his baners whom to be made feith and aflurans under Kynges Word Procedyng from his Mouth to kepe and defend theym there from all Hurte Joupardie and P'eil to be murdred and aft* that Tyrannyoufly heded with grete violence withoute Procefleof Lawe or any Pit-tee contrary to his feid feith promyffe abhomynablein the heryng of all X'pen Piynces Forafmoch also as Henry Due of SomTett p'pofyng ymaginyng and compafiyn of Extreme and infaciate Malice and violence to diftroy the right Noble and famous Prynce <ff wurthy Memorie Richard late Due of York Fader to our Liege & Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth and in his Lyf v'ry King in right of the Keame of Englond (inguler P'tec-tour Lover & Defenfour of thegood Gov'naynce Pollicie Com'yn Wele Peas and Tranquillite thereof and also Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonfhire Henry late Erie of Northumb'lond Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Nevill John Whelpdale late of Lvchefeld Clerk Philip Lewes late of Thourelby in the Counte or Lincoln Clerk Bawdewyn Fulforth Knyght Alexander Hody Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght James Lotterell Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Fyndern Knyght Henry LewesKnyght JohnHeronofthe Forde Knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght Henry Belyngham Knyght Robert Whityngham Knyght William Grymmefby late of London late Squier Thomas Tunftall late of Thurland in the Shire of Lancaster Squier Symond Hammes Knyght Thomas Dalton late of Lilbourne in the Counte of Northumb'lond Gentilman James Dalton, late of the same Gentilman George Dalton late of the same Gentilman John Clapam late of Skipton in Craven in Yorklhire Yoman Andrew Trollop late of Guyfues Squier Antony Notehill Knyght John Botiller late of Howke in the Counte of Dorfet Squier Gawen Lamplewgh late of Warkeworth in the Shire of Northumb'lond Gentilman Edmund Fyfh late of York Tayl-leour Thomas Fryfell late of the same Smyth John Smoothyng late of the same Yeoman John Caterall late of Braton in the Counte of York Gentilman Thomas Barton late of Helmefley in the Counte of York Gentilman William Typpes late pf Southduffeld in the Counte of York Yoman Henry Clyff the Elder late of Lokyngton in the Counte of York Yoman Rob't VoL. XXIII.	Y	.	Tom-





32*	APPENDIX.

Ex Rj>t. An Turr, Load.

Tomlynfon late of Helagh in the Counte of York Yomain and Thomas Barton late of York Mafon at Wakefield in the Shire of York on Tywefday the xxx. Day of Deoembr' laft paflt with grete deipite & cruell violence horrible & unmanly Tyrannye murdred the feid right noble Prynce Due of York and where also Henry Due of Exeeftr' Henry Due of Som'fet Thornhs Courteney late Erie of Devonfhire Henry late Erie of Narthud-berlond William Vifcount Bcamont Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord ClyfibrdLpo late Lord Wellas John late Lord NevHl Thomas Gray Knight Lord Rugemond Gray Randolph lale Lord Dacre Humfrey Dacre Knyght John Morton late P*fon. of Blokefworth in the Shire of Dorfet Clerk Rauff Makereli ktc x P'fon of Ryfeby in the Shire of Stiff Clerk Thomas Manoyng late of Newe Wyndefore in Berkfhire Clerk John Whelpoate late of Lychefeld in the Counte of Stafford Clerk John Nayler late of London Squyer John Prefton late of Wakefdd in the Shire of York Preeft Philip Wentworth Knyght John Fortefcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Treftuun Knyght William Vaux Knyght Edmund Hampden Knyght Thomas Fyndem Knyght John Courteney Knyght Henry Lewes Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght Wairier Nuthiil late of Ryfton in Holdemes in the Shire of York Squier John Heron of the Forde Knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght John Ormond otherwise ealled john Botillier Knyght William Mylle Knyght Symonde Hammes Knyght WilHant Holand Knyght called the Ballard of Exeeftr* William Jofcp* late of London Squier Everard Dykby late of Stokedry in the Shire of Ruthlond Squier John Myrfyn late ofSouthwerk in the Shire of Surf Squier Thomas Philip late of Dertyngron in De-vonrture Squier Thomas Brampton late of Guyfaes Squier Giles Seyndowe late of London Squier Thomas Ciayanond the fead Thomas Tunftall Squier Thomas Crawford late of Caleys Squief John Aldeley late of Guyfnes Squire John Lenche or Wyche in the Shire of Worccftre Squier Thomas Ormond otherwise called Thomas Botillier Knyght Rob't Bellyngeham late of Bur-nallhedc in the Shire of Weftm*lond Squier Thomas Everyng-ham late of Newhall in the Shire of Leyceftf Knyght John f enycock ^ate of Waybrigee in the County of Surf Squier William Giymmelby late of Grymmelby in the Shire of Lincoln Squier Henry Roos late of Rokyngham in the Shire of Nor* thampton Knyght Thomas Danyell late of Ryfing in the Shire of NorP Squier John Bon.	late	of	the fame Gentilman

Richard Kirkcby late of Kirkeby Ircleth in the Shire of Laa-caftf Gentilman William Ackworth late of Luton in the Shire of Bed* Squier William Wcynsford late of London Squier Richard Stuely late of Lambehith in the Counte of Surr* Squier Thomas Stanley late of Carlile Gentilman Thomas Litleylate pf London Grocer John Maydenwell late of Kwton in Lyndiey in the Counte of Lincoln Gentilman Edward Ellefmere late ot London Squier John Daufon late of Weftmynftcr in the Shire

of



•APPENDIX.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Lond. of Midd' Yoman Hfenry Spencer late of the same Yomrart John Smothyng late of York Yoman Jbhn Beaumont late of Godby in the Shire of LeVc' Gentiknan Henry Beaumont late of the same Gentilman Roger Wharton other wife callod Roger of the Halle late of Burghe in the Shire of Wedm'lond-Grome John Tofkyn late of Braughyng in the Shire of Hertf Squier Richard Lyteller the Yonger late of Wakefeld Yoman Thoma9 Carr late of Weftmynfter Yoman Robert Bollyng late of Bollyng ha the Shire of York Gentilman Robert Hatetale late of Bafteburgh in the fame Shire Yoman Richard Everyngham late of Pontfreyt in the fame Shire Squier Richard Fulnaby of Gentilman Laurence Hyll late of Moche Wycombe in the Counte of Buk' Yoman Rauff Chernok late of Thorley in the County of Lancadr' Gentilman Richard Gaitford of Enretford in Qey in the Shire of Notyngh* Gentilman John Chapman late of Wymboume Mynfter in Dorfetlhire Yoman and Richard Cockerell late of York Marchaunt on Sondav callid co-mynly Palme Sonday the xxjx day of Marche the first Yere of .his Keigne in a feld biiwene the Tounes of Shirbourne in El-mett and Tadcaftr' in the feid Shire of York called Saxton fedd and Tawton feeld in the Shire of York accompanyed with the Frenlhmen and Scotts the Kynges Ennemyes falieiy and traitef-roufly ay end their feith and Liegeaunce there Rered Werreayenft the fame King Edward their Right wife true and natural Liege Lord p'pofyne there and then to have diftroyed hym and depoled hym of his Roiall Eftate Coroune and Dignite and then and there to that Entent falfely and traheroufly meved bataille ayenft his feid Adate Ihedyng therein the Blode of a grete nombre of his fubgetts In the which Bataille it pleafed Almygbty God to yeve unto hym of the myderie of his myght and Grace the Vic-torie of his Ennemyes ana Rebelles and to fubdue and avoyde the fede of their fals and traiterous P'pofc And where also the feid Henry late called Kyng Htnry the Sixt Margartte his Wyf late called Quene of Englond and Edward her Son late called rrynce of Wales And also Henry Due of Exceftr' Henry Due of Som'fet Thomas Lord Roos Thomas Grey Knyght Lord Ru-gemond Gray in the Fed of St. Marc Euangelid lad pad pur-pofyng and ymagynyng the Dedruccion of our feid Sov'eine Lord Kyng Edward to depofe hym of his Roiall Adate and Dignitie procured of James Kyng of Scotts and of his Subgetts then Ennemyes of our feid Sov'ayne Lord their ayde Affidence an armed Power to Entre uppon the fame our Sov'ayne Lord into his feid Reame to put hym from the Reigne thereof apd to db-flroy hym and to that Jf ntent convened with the fame James Kyng of Scotts and ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce deiyv'ed to hym to his Poflemon and Obetfaunce in the feid Fed the Toune and Gadell of Berwyk of our feid Liege Lordes then , beyng their right wide true and natural! Liege Lorde to that End and Effect that the feid Kyng of Scott* foo then pofleflfed of the feid Toune and Caddl the Key of the Eft marches of Englond

Y 2	Ibuld

3*3



3*4

Appendix.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

(huld' Ui6rebv have Entre to Execute the unjuft tihtrue asttfriHi*-lictous P*po(e and Entente of the same Henry Mdrgaret ward arid forafmoch also as the feide Margarete and fel(b fftnty Due of ExceffY Henry Due of Som'fet Jafpct Erie of Pcimbrofcfc James late Erie of Wiltelhire Robert Lord Hungerford ThtftiWs Mannyng Clerk John Laxe late PYonne of Walton in the SftWfc of Som'fett Clerk Henry Lewes Kriyght Robert Whrttyrighsbfi Knyght John Ormond otherwise called John Bbtillier Knyfeht frete Rob. Gafley of the Order of the Freres p'chours afirtd Thomas Comewaile Squier have ayerift their feith arid*Lig£-aunce dyv's tymes fith the fourth daye of Marche laft paft rtlifCd laboured and p Yoked the Ennemyefc of oure feid Sov'etate Lord KyngEdtoard the fourth of owteward landes to Entre into his feid Reame with grete Bataills to Rere Werre ayenft his Aftate within the feid Reame to conquerethe fame from his PoflMDoh and obeyfaunce to depofe hym of Roiall Aftate Cbfounes ‘arid Dignite and to destroy his mod Noble PYone and Subgetts Arid where also the fame Margarete and Edward her Sorth and*alfo the said Henry Due of Exeftr' Thomas Grey Lord Rugertlorid Grey Humfrcy Dacre Knyght Edmund Hampden Knyght Rob*t Whytingham Knyght Henry Bellingham Knyght and Richafd Tunftall Knyght adheryng to the Scotts Ennemys of oute feid Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth convened with the fame Scotts procuryng defiryngand wagyng theym to Entre Into his feid Reame to make there Werre ayenft his Koiall Magefte bring-yng the fame Scotts and Ennemyes to his Cite of Carlile bC-fegyng and Environnyng it brennyng the Subarbes thereof de-ftroiyng the Houfes habitacions and landes of his Subgetts nyghe therunto in man'e of Conquefte p'pofyng ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce to have delivered the feid Cite the Key of the Weft Marches of Englond into the Pofleflion and obey-faurree of the feid Kyng of Scotts and to have fpoiled the Coroune of Englond thereof as they didde of the feid Tovvne of of Berwyk And ov'e That where the said Henry late called Kyng of Englond the Sixt and also Thomas Lord Rotos Thomas Gray Lord Rugemond Grey Humfrey Dacre Knyght John Fortefcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Neveill late of Bruncepeth in the Byftiopryke of Durham Clerk Humfrey Nevill late of the same Squier and Thomas Elwyke late of Caleys Squier the xxvj day of Juyne laft paft at Rytoo & Brauncepath in the Byfhopryke of Durh'm with Standardes & Gytons unrolled Rered Werre ayenft our feid Lord Kyng Edward purpofyng to have depofed hym of his Rorall Aftate Coroune & Dignite ayenft their feith & Liegeaunce And forafmoche alfoe as Henry Due of Exceftre Tafper Erie of Pembroke & Thomas Fitzherry late of Hertford Squire at a place called Tutehill befides the Towne of Carnarvan in Wales on Friday next aft* the Feft of Tranflacion of Seint Edward laft paft rered Werre ayenft the fame our Sov'ayne Lord purpofyng then & th$re to have proceded to bisDeftruccron of fals



325

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. ^ond. and,: cruell violence ayenft their fcyth and Liegeaunce It be declared & adjugcd by the aflent &*Advis pjf the Lordes Sp'uelx & Tempordx & Com'yps beyng in tliis present Parlement and by Au&arke of the same that the fcid Henry Jate called King Henry the Sixt for the Confideracions of the grete haynoufe & deteftable malice &/offenfes afore fpecifyed by hymi committed ayenft his feith & liegeaunce to our feid Liege lA>rd Kyng Ej~ ward the fourth his true right wide and naturall Liege Lord offended and hurte unjuftejy & unlawfully the Roiail Magefteof our feid Sov'aync Lord And that it be Ordeyncd &■ ftabflsffiqjd by the feid Advis Aflent & Auftorite that the. fame Henry forfet unto the fame owe) Liege Lord Kyng Edward the fourth & to the feid Cofoune of Englond all Caftelfes Man's Lord/hip's Townes. Tounefbips Honours Landes Ten'tes Rentes Services fee fertrtea Knyghtes fees Advoufons Hereditaments and Poflef-fions with their Appurten'nces which he or any other to his Ufe had the third day of Marche laft paft beyng of the Duchie of JLan-caftr' or that were any Parcell or Membre of the same Duchie or thereunto unyed or annexed in the first Yere of the Reigne of Henry late called Kyng Henry the fift or at any tyme fith And that it beordeynedand ftablisfhcd by the said Advis Aflent and Au<ftorite that tbetfame Man's Caftelles Lordfhips Honours Tounes Touoelhips Landes Ten'tes Rents S'vices fee fermes Knyghtes fees Advoufons Heredy taments & Pofleffions with their Appurten'nces in Englond Wales & Calleis & the Marches thereof make and from the feid fourth Day of Marche be the feid Duchie of Lancaftr* Corporat and be called the Duchie of Lancaftr' and that oure feid Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth have feafe take hold enjoy and enberit all the fame Ma-noirs Caftelles & other P'miffes with their app'tenncez by the fame name of Duchie fro all other his Enheritauncez (eparate fro the feid fourth day of March to hym and to his Heires Kyngs of Englond perpetually and that the Counte of Lancaftr't b^va Counte Palatyne and that oure Liege and Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth and his Heires have as Parcell of the feid Duchie the fame Countie of Lancaftr' a County Palatyne apd a . Seale Chaunceller Juges and Officers there for the fame and all manere Lib'tees Cuftumes Lawes Roiall and Fraunchifesin lhe fame Counte Palatyne lawfully and Right wifely ufed And ov'e that another Seale called the Seale of the Duchie of Lapcaib' and a Chaunceller for the kepyng thereof Officers and Coun-ceillours for the gidvng and gov'naunce of the same Duchie and of the p'ticuler Officers Minifters Tenn'tes and Inh'itaunts therof in as grete ample and large forme as Henry callyng him-filf Kyng Henry the fift at any tyme therin had ufed or enjoyed lawfully and that by the fame Autforite the feid Officers and Minifters and also the Tenn'tez and Inh'itauniz of and in tpe fame Duchie have ufe Exercife and enjoy such and all Lib'tees Fraunchifes Privilegs and Cuftumes as the Officers ,Mipiftcrs Tenn'tes and Inh'itaunts of the same Duchie had ufedjt^'qfcd

Y 3	or



3	APPENDIX,

E# Rot. in Turn Load, or enjoyed lawfully in the tyofc of the same Henry callyng hinvfiR Kyng Henry the fyft And that also in the feme Duchie be ufed had and occupied ail such Freedoms Lib'tees Franchifes Caftumes Priviiegs and Jurifdiccions as were ufed therin law-fully afore the feid iiii day of Marche and that the Officers Mi-niftres Tenures and fnh'itaqnts of or in the said Duchie be En* treated and Demeaned accordyng to the fame Fredomes Lib'tees Fraunchifes Cuftumes Privileges and Jurifdiccions and not dif-treyned atted or compelled to the cont'ry in any wife Aad Moreover that k be Ordeyned Demed and Declared by die feid Aflent Ad vis and Audiorite that the feid Margaret for the Con-flderacioni of her Tranfgreflions and Qffenfes afore Specified comitted ayerift her feith and Liegeaunce to the fame ot*re Sov'ayne and Liege Lord Kyng Edward (land and he by the feid Advis Aflent and Audorke convidted and attainted of High Treafon* And that the fame Margarete and also the feid Edward her Son be unabled and taken holden denied and reputed unables and unworthy to have occupie hold enherit or Joy any State name of Dignite P'emynence or Pofleffions within the Rea me of Englond aforesaid in Ireland or Wales in Caleys or in the Marches therof in Fraunce or Guyenne And also That the fame Margarete and Edward her Son forfeit to our feid Liege Lord Kyng Edward the fourth all Caftelies Man's LordAiipps Honoures Landes and Tenementes wkh their Ap-p'ten'c's Goodes and Catdles which they or either of theym or any other to their or either of their ufe had within the feid reame or in Wales aforesaid the feid iiijth day of Marche And also that the feid Henry due of Som'fet Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonlhire Henry late Erie of Northumberlond Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Clyfford and John late Lord Nevil be unabled forever from hensforch to have hold Enherk or Joy any name of Dignite Eflate or P'emynence within the fame reame in Jrlond or Wales or in Caleys or in the Marches thereof and that their Heires be unable to Cleyme or have by theym any such name Eftate or Preemynence And that tney and also John Whelpdale Clerk Philip Lowys Clerk Bawdewyn Fulfotth Knyght Alexander Hodv Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght Tames Loterei Knyght fcdmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Wndern Knyght Henry LowesKnyght John Heron of the Ford Knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght Henry Belyngeham Knyght Thomas Fyndcrn Knyght Robert Whityngham Knyght William Grymmesby late Squier Thomas Tunftall Squier Symond Hammes Knyght Thomas Dalton Gentilman Gawcn Lamptew Gentilman Edmund FKh Thomas Fuzell John Emochyng Yeomen John Cateral Thomas Barton late of Helmefley William Fyppes Henry Clyff Rob't Tomlynlon & Thomas Barton of York Mafon for their traitours cruell and horrible Murdre of the feid Right Noble Prynce Due of York afore declared ftand & be Convydled and Attaynted of High Treafon and forfeit to the Kyng and his heires all the Caftclx Man's Lordlhips Landes



327

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

Tert'tes Rentes S'vices Fees Advoufons Hereditaments and Pof-feflions with their App'ten'ncez which they or any of theym aforefeyd attaynted or any other Pfone or P'fones Feoffees to the ufe or behofe of any of the feid P'fones fo attaynted had the fame day hwfoll Caufe of Entre within Englond Irlond or Wales or the Marches therof oute of the Ltb'te ofthe Bisfhopryfce of Durham that is to fey bitwene the wat's of Tyne and TeeSfeand in the Places called Northamfhire and Bedelyntonftiire within the counte of Northumb'lond in the which Lib'tee & Places the Biihop of Durham and his P'dceflours of tyme that noo mynde is have had Roial Right & Forfeiture of Werre in the Right of the Chirch Cathedral! of SeintCuthbert of Durham as by Concord of Parlement in tyme of the Noble Progenitours of our feid Sov'ayneLord Kyng Edwardthc fourth it hath bene AiTented And alf6 it is Ordeyned and Eftablisftied in this present parle-ment by th' avis & aflent of the Lordes Sp'uell &TemporelI Sc Conryns of this Reame in the fame parlement aflembled that all Man's Landes Ten'tes Rents Reverfions Pofleffions and other Irrheritements of which any Pfone or P'fones aforenamed by this p'fente A<fte Attaynte were feifed or had any Aftate Title Right, Int'efle or Pofleflion fool by theymfelf or joyntly with other the xxjx Day of the said Moneth ot Decembr' To tne Ufe Profitte or behofe of any P'fone or P'fones by this present A<fte not Attaynted be not forfeited nor forfeitable in any wife to the Kyng nor to his Heires nor to the feid Bifhop nor to his Succcf-fours nor feifible into any of their Handes by this p'fent Adte but utterly be Excepted and forprized out of tne fame and that all such Eftate Title Right Int'efle and Pofleffion which any of the feid P'fone or P'fones by this A<fte Atteynted had the feid xxjx Day in any Man's Londes Ten'tes Rents Poffeflions and other inheritements to the Ufe P'fitte or behofe of any P'fone or P'fones by this A£te not atteynted grewe come and be to, every of the same P'fone or P'fones by this Adte not Atteynted and to their Heires and in the fame Pfone or P'fones and their Heires be vefted and they therin be Entitled in such Wyfe forme and man' of Eftate Title Right and Pofleflion as the said P'fone and P'fones by this A6te Atteynted or any of theym were feifed Ed-titled or poffefled of or in the fame Manoirs Landes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleffions or other Inheritements or any of theym to the Ufe P'fitte or behofe of any of the feid P'fones not Attaynted by this A6te And that all such Eftate Title Right Interefle and Pofleffion which any of the said Perfons by this A<fte Atteynted had the feid xxixJDay in any Man's Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleffions or other Inheritements joyntly with any other P'fone or Pfones by this A6te not Attaynted To the Ufe P'fitte or behofe of any P'fone or P'fones by this fame A6ke nor Attaynted growe come and be to the fame P'fonc or P'fones With whom any of the feid P'fones in man'e aforefeid attaynted had such joynt Aftate Right Title Interefle or Pofleflion the said xxix day grid ir> theym to be vefted and they therin foply without any of

Y 4	the

 CjOoq le

328.	APPENDIX.

Ex Rut. in Turr. Load, the frid 'PYones fob Attaynted lmitled feifed & pofiefcd Atkl that it bee leeful toevfcryP'foneor PYones by this Ade not'Ati taynted towhofe Ufe any of the feid P'fones in the forme aforesaid attaynted had any Eftate Right Title Int'efle or Pofleffion in any Man'* Lender Ten'tes RentesPofleflions or other Inheriteoaemd to Enter into the fame into who* Pofleffion foever They be feifad or come as well uppon the Pofleffion of the Kyng oure Sov'ayno Lord as uppon the Pofleffion of any other PYone or P'fones by this Ad not Attaynted and theym have and Enjoye accordyng to the Right Title Int'efle & Pofleffion which any P'fbne or P'fones by this Ade Atteynted had in the fame the feid xxix Day to the Ufe Ffitte or behofe of theym or of any of theym aforesaid by this Ade not Attaynted And also that-it be leehill to every P'fonc or P'fones by this Ade not Attaynted with whooie eny of the feid P'fones in manere aforefeid by this Ade Atteynted badde any joynt Aftate Right Title Interefleor Pofleffion inam^ Man's LondesTen'tes Rentes Pofleflions or other Inheritemeat* the feid xxix Day To the Ufe Profitte or behofe of eny Fibne or P'fones by this Ade not Attaynted to enter into tne fame Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflions and other Inherite-ments into whoos Pofleffion foev'r they be feifed or come as well uppon the	of	the	Kyng	oure	Sov'ayne	Lord

as nppon the Pofleffion of any other P'fone or PYones by this Ade not Attaynted and the fame Man's LondesTen'tes Rentes Pof-feflions and other Inheritements in theym be vefted and they therein fooly withoute any of the feid P'fones feo Attaynted entitled feifed and poflefled favying to every of the Kynges Lieges . and their Heires other then been Attaynted by this Ade & their Heires clayming any Inheritaunce by theym or any of theym foo Attaynted their Right Title Int'efle of and in all such Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflions and all other Inheritements of which any of the feid PYons foo attaynted was feifed by theym-fijf or jointly with other in man'c aforefeid or in any otherwise to the Ufe and behofe of any ether PYone or PYones not Atteynted by this Ade the feid xxix Day And Moreover it is Ordeyned and Eftablilhed by the said AavisAflent and Audorite that eveyy of the Wyfes of every of the said Perfone or PYones now lyvyng by this Ade Atteynted and every such Woman as wa* the Wyf of eny of the said PYones nowe Dede by this Ade Atteynted which Wyfes or other Wymmen were borne under the Obey-fauneeqf theCorouneofEnglond in any Place oute of theReame of, Fraunce and of the Duchie of Normandy or Borne oute of this Reame and lawfully bigoten by any Englishman after the Ddh of theire Husbondes rrely enjoy have and poflede all their owne Jnheritaunc's to theym and to their Heires other than been Attaynted by this Ad and all Mann'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflionsand other Inheritements wherof they or any of theym the said xxix Day of Decembr' in any wife were Seifed or Pof-fefled in their owne Right State or Pofleffion or joyntly with any of their feid Kysbondes or with eny other PYon or P'fones

'or



A P P E N D I X.

Ex R$t. ix Turr. Lend, otof which any Pfoneor P'fooes were Seifed to theUfeof envof the feid Wymmen after the forme and man'e and in like Eftate as they or any of theyra were emitted in the fame the feid xxixr Pay and that dtiryng their Aftates hit be Hot4 feifible* into tha Kynges handcs nor the Kyng to be Anfwered of any Miles arid Profittes therof the same Aftates duryng by reafon of this A6fce And that it be lewfull to every of the feud Wyfes & Wymmen and to every of their Heires by yis Adte not Attainted to Entro into the fame Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Poflcflions & other Inheritements into whos Pofleflion foev'r they be feafed or come as well.uppon ye Porieflion of the Kyng o*r Sov'ayne Lorde as uppon the PoiTeinon of any o'r P'fone or Pfones by this A<fte not Atteynted & th^yro & ev'ry of theym hold & enjoy to theym and to their Hares by this Adte not Atteynted According, to their Title & Int'efle in the feme Savyng to ev'ry of the Kynges Lieges and their Heires other than (uch as been Attaynted by tb»$A#e and their Heires cnclayming any Inheritaunce bv theym or any of theym foo attaynted or other havvng any Tytle Right or Int'efle in any of the same Man'rs Loncfes Tcn'tes and Pof-fcffions or other Inheritance to the Ufe of any of theym foo attaynted the Title Right and Int'cffe of the same Lieges and their heires of and in all such Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Poffeflions and all other Inheritements of which eny of the feid P'fones foe Attaynted was feifed by theymfilf or jointly with other the feid xxix Day And ajfo it is Ordeyncd and Eftablifhed by the feid Advis Aflent and Au&orite that yf any of the feid P'fones by this Adte Atteynted have made any JEftate Feoffement or difeontynuance of any Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflionsand other Inheritements whereof they or any of theym were Seifed , or Pofleffcdjn the Right of any of their Wyfes at the tyme of such Aftates Feofments or difcontynuance made to eny P'fone or P'foncs in eny wife that the feid Londes Ten'tes Rentes Poflef-fions and other Inheritements be not comprifed in this A die but utterly be excepted & forprifed oute of the same And that the Right & Title of every of the feid Wyfes of & in all such londes Ten'tes Rentes Poffeflions and other Inheritements be & reft in ev'ry of the feid Wyfes and they to be at her Accions & Recov'ees of the same & every Parcell therof Accordyng to the Courfe of the Comyn Lawe of Englond this A<fte or any other A<fte or any other Acte or Orden'nce in this present Parlement made or to be made notwithstanding And that the feid Henry Due of Exceftr' Henry Due of Som'fet Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonfhire Henry late Erie of Northumberlond Jafper Erie of Pembroker James late Erie of Wiltdhire William Vicecount Beaumont Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Welles John lafe Lord Nevill Thomas Grey Lord Rugemond Grey and Randolph late Lord Dacre for their Traitours Offences and T rinfgreflions above fpecified comytted ayenft the Aftate coroune and Dignite of oure feid Sov'ayne and liege Lord Kyng . Edward the fourth ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce be unabled ever from hensforth to have hold enherit or Joy any

name





3*9 .

*30	APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. name of Digriite Eftate or P'emynencc wifhio Englond IreJond or Wales or Caleys or in the Marches thereof And that their Heires he unable to Qeyme or have by theym any such name Aftate or P'emynencc And that they and also the feid Joha Moreton Clerk Rauff Makerell Clerk Thomas MannyogTHeat

iohn Whelpdale Clerk John Nayler Squier John Moreron Rrenft Lobert Ellfeild then of	John Lax Clerk PhiBp

Lowys Clerk Humphrey Dacre Knyght Philip Wentworui Knyght John Fortcfcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Ed* round Mountford Knyght Thomas Trefham Knyght William Vaux Knyght Edmund Hampden Knyght Thomas Fyncfan Knyght John Courteney Knyght Henry Lewes Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knight Walter Notchill Squier Thomas Claytnond John Ormond otherwise called John Botillier Knyght William Mille Knyght William Holand otherwise called theBaftard of Exceftr* knyght Thomas Entryngham Knyght Henry Roo* Knyght Humfrey Nevill Squier William Joiep Squier Ev*rard Dygby Squier John Myrfyn Squier Thomas Phelip Squier Thomas Brampton Squier Gyles Seyntlowe Squier John AMe-ley Squier Thomas Crawford Squier John Lenche Squier Thomas Brymound Knyght Robert Bellyngeham Squier Thomas Danyell Squier William Waynesford Squier Edward Ellefmere Squier John Joskyn Squier Richard Everyngham Squier Thomas Comwayll Squier Thomas Elwyke Squier Thomas Fitzherry Squier John Penycock John Doubiggyng Gentilman Richard Kyrkeby GentiJman John BeaumonM&en-tilman Henry Beaumont Gentilman Robert Bellyng Richard Fulnaby RaulphChernok John Maydcn well Gentilman Thomas Lirlry Grocer William Ackeworth Richard Stucley Roger Wharton John DaufonYoman Henry Spencer Yoman Kichard Liteftr* Yoman Thomas Carre Yoman Rob't Hadtcale Yoman John Chapman Yoman Laurence Hyll Yoman Richard Gayteford and Richard Cokerell for their Traitours OffenfesandTranfereflions aforedeclared com'it ted and doon ayenft the said Aftate Coroune and Dignite of oure feid Sov'rayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth ftand and be convyfled of High Treafon and forfeit all the Caftelles Man'ors Londes Lordfhipps Ten'tes Rentes Slices Fees Advoufons Hereditaments and PofTeflions with their Ap-p'ten'c's which they or any of theym had of Eftate of Enheri-taunce or cny other to their or eny of their Ufe hadde the feid iiij1* Day of March or into which they or any of theym aforefeid i	attaynted	or	eny	other	P'fone	or	P'fones	Feoffees To the Ufe

or behofe of eny of the feid P'fones foo attaynted had the fame iiij^Day of Marche lawfull CaufeofEntre within Englond Ir-lond or Wales or Caleys or in the Marches therof oute of the Lib'tee of the Bisflioprikc of Durham that is to fey betwene the Water of Tyne and Teefe and in the Places called Norfhamfhire and Bedlyntonfhire within theCounte of Northumb'lond in the which Lib'tee and Places the Bilhop* of Durh'm and his P'ede-ceffours of tyme that noo mynde is have had Roiall Right and Forfeiture of Werre in the Right of the Chirch Cathedrall of

$eyr»t

 GOOQ 1C

APPENDIX.	♦	331

Ex Rot. in Turn Lond.

Seynt Cuthbert of Durham as by Concorde Parlement in tyme of the noble Progenitours of oure feid Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth hit hath been afiented and over that it be Or-deyned Graunted and Stablifhed by the feid Advis Aflent and Au&orhe that every P'fone by any A^te made in this present Par-lecnent Atteynted of Treafon Ayenft our feid Liege and Sov'ayne Lord forfett to the Revcrende Fader in God Laurence nowe Bif-(hop of Durh#m and to his Succeflburs in the Right of Chirch Cathedrall of Seint Cuthbert of Durh'm All the Man'rs Londe9 Tenses and other Pofleflions and Hereditaments with their Ap-purtennces which they or any other to their or any of their Ufe jhave within the feid Lib'tee that is to feybilwixt the said Waters of Tyne and Teefe within the feid Places called Northampfhire and Bedelyngton(hire the feid iiij^ Day of Marche And also it is Ordeyned and Eftabliflied in this p'fent Parlement by thavis and Aflent of the Lordes Sp'uell and Temporell and Com'yns of this Reame in the fame Parlement aflembled that all Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Rev'fions Pofleflions and other Inheritements of which any P'fone or P'fones aforenamed by this pre-feme A6le attaynted were feifed or had any Aftate Title Right Interefle or Poffeflion Sool by theymfilf of Joyntly with other the fourth Day of the feid Month of Marche to the Ufe Profitte or behofe of eny P'fone or P'fones by this p'fente A&e not At-teynted be not forfeited nor forfeitable in any wife to the Kyng nor to his Heires nor to the feid Bilhpp' nor to his Succeflbrs nor feiflble into any of their Handes by this present Adte but utterly be excepted and foreprifed out of the same And that all such EftateTitle Right Interefle and Pofleflionwhichany of the feid P'fone or P'foncs by this A<fte attaynted had the feid iiij^

Day in any Mann'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflions and other Inheritements to the Ufe Profitte or Behofe of any P'fone or Ffones by this A6te not attaynted growe come and be to Every of the same Perfone or Ffones by this A6le not Attaynted and to their Hejrcs And in the fame P'fone or P'fonesand their Heires be vefted and theytherin be Entitled in such wife fourme and mannere of Eftate Title Right and Pofleflion as the feid P'fone or P'foncs by this A&e atteynted or any of theym were feifed intitled or poflefled off or in the fame Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Pofleflions or other Inheritements or any of theym To the Ufe Profitte or behoofe of any of the feid P'fones not Attaynted by this A6te And that all such Eftate Title Right In-tereffe ana Pofleflions or other Inheritements joyntly with any other P'fone or P'fones by this A<fte not Attaynted To the Ufe Profitte or behofe of eny P'fon or P'fones by this fame A<fte not attaynted growe come and be to the fame P'fone or P'fones yvith whom eny of the feid P'fones in manereaforefei 1 Atteynted had such joynt Eftate Right Title Interefle or Pofleflion the feid fourth Day and in theym bp vefted and they therin fooly with-oute any of the feid P'fones foo Attaynted Intitled Seifed or Pofr fefled and that it be lecfall to evpry P'fone or P'fones by this Acftp



'



A P P(E N ;D I X.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. not Atteynted to whofe Ufe any of the feid PYopesin tfee ibra>c aforefeid Attainted had any Eftate Right Title Interefle or Poft feflton in any Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflion* or other Inheritements to Entre into the into whofe Pofleflion foevec they he feifed or come afwell upon the Pofleflion of the Ky@g oure Sov'rayneLord *s uppon the Pofleflion of any other Pfeof or PYones by this A£le not Attaynted and theym have and En-joye Accordyng to the Right Title Interefle and Pofleflion which any PYone or P'fones by this A<51 Attaynted bad in the lame the feid fourth Day to ye Ufe Proflitteor behofe of yeym oir any of yeym aforefeid by yis A6te npt Attaynted A**d*ife that it be leeful to every P'fone or P'ibnes by this Afte no* At* taynted with whome any of the feid P'fones in man'r aforefeid by this A6le Attaynted had any joynt Aftate Right Title Into? rpfleor Pofleflion in any Map'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofief-lions or other Inheritements the feid :iijtb Day To the Ufe Profitt or behofe of eny P'fone or P'fones by yis Aete SQt At? taynted to Entre into ye fame Man'rs Londes Ten'tez Renter Pofleflions and o*r Inheritementz into whofe Pofleflion foever they be feafed or corneas well uppon the Pofleflion of ye Kyng our Soverayn Lord as uppon ye Pofleflion of any o'r PYone or PYones by yis Adlc not Attaynted And ye fame Man'rs Londes Ten'tez Rentez Pofleflions & o'r Inhcritements in yeym be veiled yey y'em foly wY'out env of the feid P'fones fo Attaynted Entitled & Poflefied Savyng to every of the Kyngcs Lieges and their Heires other then been Attaynted by this Acte and their Heires clayming any Inheritance by theym or any of theym foo Attaynted their Right Title & Int'refle of and in all such Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleflions and all other Inheritements ©f which any of the said PYones foo Attaynted was feifed by thcymfiif or joyntly with other in man're aforefeid or in any otherwise to the Ufe & behofe of any other PYone or PYones not atteynted by this Adle the feid fourth day And moreover it is Ordeyned and Eflablilhed by the feid Advis Aflentand Audiorite thatev'ry of the Wyfesof every of the feid PYone or P'fones now lyvyng by this A6ie Atteynted and every such Woman as was the Wyf of any of the feid PYones now dede by this A&e Attaynted whych Wyfes or other Wyinmen were borne under the Obeifaunce of the Coroune of Englond in any place out of the Rea me of Fraunce and of the Due hie of Normandie or borne oute of this Reame and lawfully bigotten by any Englishman after the Deth of their Husbondes frely enjoy have and poflede all their owne Inheritauncez to theym and to their Heires other then been Attaynted by this A6le And all Man'rs Londes & Ten'tez Rentes Pofleflions and other Inheritements whereof they or any of theym the feid Fourth Day of Marche in any wife were feifed or poffefled in their owneRight State of Pofleflionpr joyntly with any of their feid Husbondes or with any other PYone or Perfones or of which any PYone or P'fones were feifed to the Uje -of any of the feid Wymrajn aft' the forme ?ud mapnere and in

 i^ooQle

A P P E N D I X.

Ex Rot. in Tirrr. Lorrd. lytfd Aftate as they or any of theym were Entitled in the/fame the feid fourth Day ana that during tlieir Aftarcs hit be not feifible into the ‘Kynges handes rior the Kyng to be Anfwered of any Iflhez and Profittez therof the same Eftatcrduryng feafoh of this Ade And that it bee leefiili to evdry of the said Wyfes or dnd Wymmen and to every of theireHeires by thrsAde nbt'Attaynted 10 Etltre into the fame Manors Londes Tehees Pofleffions and other Inheritements into wbos Pofleffion foevcr they be feifed or come as well uppon the Pofleffion of the Kyng Oure Sov'rayne Lord as uppon the Pofleffion of any other P'ione or P'fones by this Ade not Attayoted And theym and every of theym hold and Enjoy to theym and to theyr heires by this Ade not Attaynted Accordyng to their Title ana Interefle in the time Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges and their Heires other than such as been Attaynted by this Ade and their Heires en-* claymyng any Inheritaunce by theym or any of theym foo at* taynted or other having any Title Right or Interefle in any of the same Man'rs Londes Ten'tcs and Pofleffions or other Inherit taunce To the Ufe of any of theym foo Attaynted The Title Right and Int'refle of the same Lieges and their Heires of and in all such Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pofleffions and all other Inheritements of which any of the feid P'rfones foo Attaynted Was feifed by thevmfilf or Joyntly with other the feid fourth Day And allb it is Ordeyned and Eftablifhed by the feid Advis Aflent and Audiorite that yf any of the feid P'foncs by this Ade At-teynted have made eny Aftate Feoffement or difeontynuance of any Londes Ten'tes Rents Pofleffions and other Inheritements wherof they or any of them were feifed or poffeffed in the Right cf'any of their Wyfes at the tyme of such Eftates Feoffments dr Difcontinuances made to any P'fone or P'foncs in any Wyfe that the fefd Londes Tenses Rentes Poffeflicns and other Inhcrite-ments be nor comprifed in this Acte but utterly be excepted and forprifed oute of the same and that the Right and Title of ev'ry of the feid Wyfes of and in all such Londes Ten'tes Rentes Pof-feffions and other Inheritements be and reft in ev'ry of the feid Wyfes and they to bee at her Accions and Recov'ees of the same aha ev'ry parcell therof accordyng to the Cours of the Com'yn 'Lawe of Englond this Ade or any other Ade or Ordenaunce in this p'fent Parlemcnt made or to be made notwithftandyng Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges and his Heires other tnan the P'fones by this Ade Attaynted and their Heires I'uch Right and Title as he had to his owne ufe and not to the Ufe of any of theym in man're aforefeid Attaynted or any of their heires attaynted by this Ade to any of the feid Caftelles Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Rentes Services and other Premifles aforefeid or irito any Parcell therof Savying also to all the Kyr.gcs Lieges and to their Heires and to ev'ry of theym other than ftich as been attaynted by this Ad and their heirs clayming by difeent by, any of theym in man're aforefeid Attaynted such Title Right Int-reffe and Pofleffion as they or any of theym have or the feid

xxix



33+

APPENDIX.

Ex Ret. in Turr. Loud, xxix Day of December or the feid fourth day ef Marche had b the Premifles or any Parcell thcrof the said Duchie of Lancaft'r and every Parcell and Metnbre therof Excepted other than they or any ot theym have or the feid xxix Day or the feid fourth day of March had in the Premifles or any Parcell therof To the ufe and behofe of the feid P'fones in Man're aforefeid attaynted or any of theym or to the Ufe of the Heires of any of them too Attaynted. And also it is Ordeyned moreov'r by the feid Advis Aflent and Au&orite that all Obligacions made of Statute M*r-chaunt Statute of the Staple or otherwise Suertees & Recony-faunces made to any of the feid P'fbnes in the forme aforesaid Attaynted to the ufe and behofe of any of theKynges Lieges other than any of theym in the forme aforesaid Attaynted or to the Ufe or behofe of the Executors orAdminiflrators of any P'fone nowe dede not Attaynted by this A#e be availlable to theym to whofe Ufe Profltte or behofe the fame Obligacions Suertees and Recony faunces were made and that no Right or Duetee groWe to the Kyng by reafon of any such Obligacions Saertees-or Recony-faunces but that they to whofe ufe profltte or behofe the fame Obligacions Suertees or Reconyfaunces were made have and p'fue in their own names to their owne Profltte and Avail) m all and every the Kyngs Courts all Accions Execucions and Re-cov'rees though they bee not named in*he fame in such man're and forme as though the fame Obligacions Suertees and Re-conyfiunces were made to theymfilt and yf any Obligacvons Suertees or Reconyfaunces were made to any of the feid P'iones foo Attaynted and to any other P'fone or P'fones by this A&e , Attaynted To the Ufe or behofe of thefameotherP'lonesor any of the KLynges Lieges not named in this A6te that than all Accions Recoverees Suites and Execucions be hadde uppon such Obligacions Suertees and Recony&uncez oonly by the said other P'fone or P'fones named in the lame not Attaynted by this A<3e or by their Executoursor Admynyftratours withouten namyng in the feid Sutes Accions and Execucions any of the P'fones in the forme aforefeid Attaynted and that noo man'r Right nor Duete growe to the Kyng by reafon of the feid Obligacions Suertees or Rccony fauncez Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges bounden in any of the feid Obligacions oueftees and Reconyfaunces their Heires Executours & Admyniftratours and Ter-reten'ntes and every of theym all manere Accions Sutes Plees and Difcharges touchyng the fame Obligacions Suertees and Reconnyzancez as they or any of theym had the first day of thft p'fent Parlement Savyng also to every of the Kynges Lieges and to their heires not Attaynted and to the heyres of ev'ry their Right Title Pofleflion and lawfull Entreor Entrees in and ro ail Caftells Honoures Man'rs Londes Ten'tes Advoufons and all other P'mifles in man're aforefeid forfeited and every of theyA of which they or any of theym were lawfully feifed and poflefleo & by the feid P'fone or P'fones in man're aforefeid Attaynted or. any of theym unlawfully difleifed and put out Alfo it is Or-

deya-

235

APPENDIX.

Bx Rot,, in Turr. Load, dcyned by the feid ActaisAfient and Aulforite that the Kyng oure Sev'rayne Lord make under his L'res Pa rentes fufficient & fare Alignments uppan the fame Londe* and Ly velood of the Lord Huagerford and Moleynsthat John Say John Mervyn Gregory Wcftby and other wherein they had State for the Payment and .Contentac'on of fach Somes of Money as to eny Marchaunt or Marcfrauntzor other P'fone or P'fones of this Lends: Stondyng under the Kynges Obey faunce. or his lave Coaduc^ been duy by the feid Lord Hungerford for eny payurents made afore this tyme for his Fynaunce and alle CCClvii]'1. xvjf. iij4*. Ob* yef owing of the Detre of the ford Robert Son ef Waulfter yf the feid fome can be proved due. Quaqudem Ceduk Coibz* Regni AngP in eodem parfiamentoexrften'Tranfportamfait Cui ijderts Co'es Affeofum fauna p'buerunt Sub btjs Verbis A Ceft A^te lbs C'ocz fount Aflentuz quibus quidem Cedula et Aflens'm in Parliaments p'di&o Le&is- Auditis ot Plenius Intellects do Avifamento et Affeitfu Dominor' Spuaiiu et Tempondiam in Didto Parliamento exiften' Refpondebatur Sub hijs Verbis Le Roy Le Voet Provided alwey that this pffenC A6le of .Attendre Extend not ne Stretch ne hurt ne be. p'judiciali tt> John Newburgh in the Shire of Dorfet Gemilman nor to hi* Heires of to or for the Maner of Sutton Poyntz with the Appur-tenn'cez in the said Shire of Dorfet nor any part thereof ne of tp or for the Hundred of Colyfordeftr* nor of to or for any part thereof nor of to or for any Landes and Tene'nts with in Sutton. Poyntz abovefeid nor ot to or for any part therof nor of to or for the Right Title Entre or Poffeffion of the feid John the which he hath or had tooryn the feid Ma'ncr Hundred Landes & Ten'tes & every Parcel thereof The which Ma'nor Hundred Landes and Tenements James late Erie of Wiltefliire had by Fyne refid in the Courte of Henry latey called Kyng Hemy the Sixt of Englond in Dede in not of Right to the feid James and to the Heires of his Body begotten and for defaulte of such Iflue the Rcmayndre therof to the fcyd John Newburgh and to his heires in fee for ev'more.

Ex Rotulo 'Parliament3 dc Anno R'ni Regis El>WARM quarts primo.

ITEM Quedam CeduTa formam A6tu$ in Se continens incmjb' I ExhibitaFuit p'Fato D'no Regi in Prefenti Parliamento Dude. j fub eoqui Sequitur Tenor e verbor* Forafmoche as Hen RY* late Kyng Henry the Sixt ayenit the Honours,

IT be Declared and adjnged by th'aflent and advi* of the Lordes fp'uely and Temporely and Corny ns beyng in this present P'lement and by auCorite of the lame that the said Henry late called King Htnrj the $xth for the Confideracions of

the







APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lend, the grefe haynoufe and deteftable matters and offences afore fpe-eifyed by hym commytted ayenft his forth and Liegeatmce to ourc feid Liege Lord Kyng Edward the fourth his true right wife and naturall Liege Lord offended and hurte unjuftely and unlawfully the Roiall Magefte of our faid Sov'ayne Lord and that yt be Ordavned and Stablifhed by the feid Advis aflent and audiorite that the fame Henry forfeit unto the fame our Liege Lord Kyng Edward the fourth and to the said Coroune of Eng-loni all Caftelys Man'rs Lordftiips Tounes Tounefhips Honours Landes Tenements Rentes Services FeefermeesKnyghtes Fees* Advouians Hereditaments and Poffeffions with their Appurte^ I n'ces which he or any other to his Ufe had the Third Day of Marche laft paft beyng of the Duchie of Lancaftr' or that were any parcell or Membre of the same Duchie or thereunto unved or annexed in the first Yere of the Reigne of Henry late called Kyng Henry the fift or at any tyme Sith And that it be Or- j deyned and Stablifhed by the feid Advys aflent and audlorke that * the fame Man'rs Caftelles Lordfhips Honoures Tounes Toune-fliips Landes Tenses Rentes Slices FeeFarmes Knyghts Fees Advoufons Heredytaments and poffeffions with their Appurtenances in England Wales and Caleis and the Marches therof make and from the said fourth Day of Marche be the feid Duchie of Lancaftr' Corporat and be called the Duchie of Lati-caftr' and that oure faid Sov'ayne Lord Kyng Edward the fourth have feafe take hold Enjoy and Enherit all the fame Manohrr Caftelles and other Premiffes with their Appurten'nces by the feme Name of Duchie fro* all other his Enheritauncez feperate fro' the said fourthe Day of Marche to hym and to his Heires Kings of Englond p'petuelly and that thecounteof Lancaftr* be aCounte Palatync and that oure Liege and Soverayne Lord King Edward the fourth and his Heires have as parcell of the feid Duchie the fame Countie of Lancaftr' a Counte Palatyne and a Seale Chaunceller Juges & Officers there for the fame and all man're Libertees Cuftumes Lawes Roial and franchifes in the fame Countie Palatyne lawfully and righjtwifely ufed and ov'r that ano* Seale called the Seale of the Duchie of Lancaftr' & a Chaunceller for the Kepyng therof Officers and Counceillours for the gidyng and Governaunce of the same Duchie and of the p'ticuler Officers Miniftres Ten'ntes and Inh'itauntes therof in as grete ample and large forme as Henry callyng hymfelf Kyng Henry the lift at any tyme therein had ufed or Enjoyed lawfull and that by the fame Au6lorite the feid Officers and Miniftres and aHo the Ten'ntes & Inh'itaunts of and in the fame Duchie have ufe $xercife & Enjoy such and all iib'tees fraunchifes Privileges & Cuftumes as the Officers Miniftres Tennantes and In-hritaunte$ of the same Duchie had ufed Exercifed or enjoyed lawfully in the tyme of the same Henry callyng hymfelf Kvng Henry the fift and that also the fame Duchie be ufed had Sc Occupied all such fredomes lib'tees fraunchifes Cuftumes'Privileges & Jarifdic'cons as wereufed therein lawfully afore the said iii/Day

of

* :ed by

of Marche and that the Officers Miniftres Ten'ntes & Inh'itaunts

of or io the feid Duchie be Entreated and Demeaned according to the fame fredoms lib'tees fraunchifes cuftumes Privilege & Ju-riiclic'cons& not Diftreyned arted or Compelled to the Contrary in any wife.

Prima Pars Rottd* Parliament* de \Anno Rtgpi Regis H E N RI c r Septimi Primo.

ITEM quedam ak'aBilla cum quadamCedula eidem annexa co*~ exhibita fuit coram D'no Rege in Parfiamento' p'd'co Sub A 7 hijs Verbis Where in the Parliament begon and holdcn at*Unc'Cor- I** Weftm'-the Sixt Day of O&obre the xij* yereof the Reigne of nub'it at' * Edward late King of Englond the iiijth and by drverfe Proro-

fic'ons unto the xxiij Day of fcverer the xiiij* yere of his eigne contynued and than there holden for certayn confidera-c'oas by thadvyfe and affent of the Lordes Sp'uelxand Tempo- ! relx and com'ons in that Parliament aflembled and by the Auc-torite of the same willed ordeyned and Enacted that Thomas Cavdinall Archbisfhop of Cantufbury William Bisfhop of Ely Richard Bisfhop of Sar' Rob't Bisfhop of Bath and Wells Thomas Bisfhop of Lincolne Henry Erie of Eflex Anthony Erie Rivers William Lord Haftinges John Lord Dynh'm Maifter John Ruflell Clerc Keper of the Kinges Prive Seale Maifter William Dudley Dean* of the Kings Chapell Thom's Burgh*

Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp' Clerc Richard Fowler and William Hufe fro the fame xxiij. day have holde enjoye and poflede the Honno' Caftell Lordfhip and Manno* of Tuttebury with the Membrcs and Appurten'nes and all Mannors Lordfhipps Landes Ten'ts Rentes and S'vices parcell of Duchie of Lancaftr* in the Countees of Stafford and Derby with the Appurtennes The Caftell Lordfhip' and Manno' of Kenelworth parcell of the Duchie of Lancaftre in the Counte of Warrewyk with th'ap-purtenn'c's The Honno' Caftell and Manno* of Leiceftr* wz * the membrcs and abpurten'nces and all theManno's landes and Ten'ts Rents and S'vices parcel of the Duchie of Lancaftr^in the Countees of Leyceftr* Warwyk and North'mpton with thap-

fmrtenn'c's The Honno' Caftell Lordfhip' and Manno' of Bo-yngbroke w* the Membres and Appurtenn'c's and all other Maono's Lordfhipps Landes Ten'ts Rents and S'vices parcel!' of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Counte of Lincoln w* th'ap-purtennVs The Lordfhip' and Mano' of Longbenyngton pared of the Duchie of Lancaftr* in the Counte of Lincoln w*

ARLIAMENT* tent* apud Weftm'Septimo Die Novembris Anno Regni Regis HbnriCi Septum'

Primo.

From the Rolls,

Vql. XXIII.

z

thap-

 C^ooQie

APPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

thappurtennces The Honno'rs CaftelU Lord (hipps and Man'on of rounfret Tykhull Knaresburgh* and Pykeryng their Membres and Appurtenn'cs and all Manno's Lordlhipp's Landes Ten'ts Rents and Services parcel of theDuchie of Lan-caftr' in the Countees of York and Notvngham w* their Appur-ten'ncs The Cartel Lordftiip' and Manno' of Dunftanburgh w* the Membres and Appurten'ncs and all Manno's Lord (hipp's Landes Ten'ts Rents and Services parcell of theDuchie of Lancaftr' in the Counte of Northumb'land wt tlieir appurten'nc's ,to them and to their Heires for ev'r To the'ntent that the Revenues Profites and Comoditees com'yng and growyng therof may be employed to the p'fourming and Executyng of the last Wyll that his (aid Highnefle shall make and ordeyn to be doonw* the fame Honours Cartells Manno's Landes and Ten'ts aodothre P'myfles or w* the p'fittez Revenuez and Commoditees corayng and growyng of the same and that it be ordeyned by the fame audiorite that aftir the fame Wyll p'fourmed and Executed or els if his feid Highnes declare and make no Wyll concnyng the P'mifles That then the feid Thomas Cardinall Archbisihop' Bislhopps Erles William Lord Haftinnes John Lord Dynhm Maifter John Ruflel Clerc Keper of the Kinges Prive Seale Mairter William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thoms Burgh Knyght William Parre Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp Clerc Richard Fowler and William Hufe be and (land feafed and feofes of and in the £ud Honours Cartells Lord(hipps Mannours Landes Terns and other the P mifles to tli ufe of his Highnes and his Heires and that it be Ordeyned and Eftablifhed by the said advyfe aftenl and audiorite that all the fameHonnp's Cartells Lordlhipp'sMannours Landes Ten'ts and other the P'myffes w* their appurte-n'nc's and (land be contynue and remayne in the Pofleflion of the said Thomas Cardinall Bisfhopp's Erles William LordHaftyngs John Dynham Maifter John Ruflel Clerc Keper of the Klings Prive Seale Mafter William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thpmas Burgh KnyghtWilliam Parr KnyghtThomas Mount-gomery Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp xlerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe parcell of theDuchie of Lancaftr and be called reputed and taken parcell thereof havyng and ufying all libertees freedom's franchefes Profit Com oditees and avayles as have |>een had and ufed in the fame and that all Oftieers and Governors of the fcidDuchie (land remayn and abyde Oftieers and Gov'nors therof havyng such Aftate and Int efle therein as they nowe have ufyng occupieng and exe'cilyng their feid Offices w* ail the fees wages p'fitz and availes p'teyning and belongyng to the fame and every of theym as they dyd and had and might have had and doon afore the makyng berof and that ail Ldes and Demifes Grauntes and Offices fees Annuytees pTentac ons and Advoufon* be made from honsforth duryng the Lyf of our : faid SouvYin Lord in his own name by warrant from his High-ft£s and.imtar Seal of his (aid Duchie nowe being the Seale

there*

239

APPPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

thereof as it hath been ufed and Accuftomed in tyme paft and that it be ordeyned by the said Audorite that the said Thomas Cardinall Bisfhops Erles William Lord Haftinges John Lord Dynham Matter John Ruflel Cierc Keper of the Kynges Prive Seale Maifter William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thomas Burgh' Knyght William Parre Knyght Thoms Mountgom'y Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp' Cierc Richard Fowler and William Hufeand the Lengeft Lyvyng of them have poflede holde and enjoyc all the Pmyfles to theym and their Heires to thentent and behove abovefaid any Lefe Graunt or Other thing had made or doon of or in the Pmifles or any P't thereof by oure faid Sov atn Lord in his Lyf or any of the said Officers in his Name notw'ttanding and that all Officers and Gouvernorsof and in the fame the tyme of the dying of our faid Sov'aine Lord ttoud remayn and abide Officers and Gouvemor9 according; to their Title and lnt efle in them and that from hens-forth all Lefes Demiles Grauntes of Offices fees Annuities pTen-tac ons and Advoufons to be made in the Names of the said Thomas Cardinall Bislhopps Erles William Lord Hattinges John Lord Dynham Maifter John Ruflel Cierc Keeper of the Kinges Prive Seale Maitter William Dudley Dean of the Kyngs Chapell Thomas Burgh Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp' Cierc Richard Fowler and William Hufe or the lengeft levyng of them by warrant under the Seale of the said Duchie and that ev'y such Lefe Demife Graunt and Prefentacion made under the said Seale be as good effectual and available in the Lawe as though it were made by the feid Thomas Cardinall Byslhops Erles William Lord Hattynges John Lord Dynham Matter John Ruflel Cierc Keper of the Kings pryve Seale Maifter William Dudley of the Kings Chapell Thomas Burgh Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomeiy Knyght Maifter John Gunthorp Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe under their Seales Savyng to Elizabeth Quene of Englond such right Title and Intefle in and of the Premyfles as Shce hath in the fame or any part therof ■ Savyng also to all other the Kynges Liege People such Title Righf Accion and lnt efle in and of the Premifles as they fhuld have had if this Ad had not bemadeand over this it is Ordeyned by the said Audorite that if eny of the feid feoffes dye or make aftate in or of eny of the Premyfles that than all S'vices and Rents due to the King or to eny of the said feoffes by reafon or caufe of eny of the Pmifles afore the makyng of this Ade be of like Effed and Condic'on as this Ad had nevir been made as in the feid Ad playnly apperith Be it enaded Ordeyned and Efta-hLysfhed by thadvifc and aflent of the Lords Sp uelx and Tem-p elx and Commons in this present Parliament Aflembled and ljy audorite of the same that the said Ade and Every thyng therein conteyned be fro the xxj Day of Auguft laft paft voide Repelled annulled and of noon effed And over that by‘the 0 lame Audorite the King oure Sov'aine Lord have holde enjoye

Z a	and

340

APPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

and poflede fro the said xxi Day of Auguft to hym anfl his Heires forevermore All Honours Caftells Lordlhipps Mannors Landes Tenements Rents Reverlions Services Polieflions and other Hereditaments with their Appurten'n'ces in the said A&e* conteyned and the Counte Palatyne of Lancaftr' and all 'Honours Caftells Lordfhippes Mannours Landes Tenements Rents Reverfions Services Pofleflions and other Hereditaments with their Appurtenances that weer parcell of the said Duchie of Lan-caftr' and in the Handes or Pofleflion of the said Edward late King of Englond the iintb*day of Marche the furfte yere of his Reigne or eny tyme after or in the Handes or pofleflion of Richard the Thirde late in dede and not of right King of Englond any tymeduryng his Reigne w* all Libertees freedoms franchifes and other thinges as well to the said Counte Palatyne or to eny other of the P'mvfles apperteyning or belongyng and to be Governed by like Officers and ufe like Seales as afore tyme have ben u*ed and Accuftumed in as ample and large manner and in like manner and fourme and Condic'on feparate from theCorone of England and Pofleflion of the same asHenrythe iiij^ife/rythe vtb Henry the vjtb the Kinges Nobles Progenitors late Kynge9 of this Roymc or the said Edward late King had and held or any of the said Kings had or held any A<5te Statute before this made in any wife notw'ftondyng and that every free Ten'nt Receivour Bailyf Reve fermour and other officer and Minifter of the ftid Duchie be feverally charged and chargeable to oure laid So-v'aine Lord of all such Receipts and Som'es of Money in which he or they weer charged or chargeable unto the said late Kinges Edward ox Richard or either of theym by reafon of the said Duchie not content ne payed to the said Kinges or either of them nor ta their Officers having Autforite to receive the fame ne by the said Kings difcharged by L'res of Pardon under the Seale of tho faid Duchie Billes Tailles Aflignments or Graunts before the said xxj Day of Auguft and He to have and ufe like Remedie for the Recovre of the same as the said late Kings.or either of them had or myght have had and the Defendants like Annfweres as they had or myght have had for their diicharge in of and for thefameand that all Offices of the said Duchie which require ac-tiiell Exercife Graunted by our faid Sov'ain Lord the King before this p'fent Act to any PTfone or P'fones be as effeduaFand available to the fame Grauntes and they to have and Enjoye their Offices accordyng to the Tenor of their Graunts and L'res Patents as if the Grauntes were made unto them by oure fcide Souwaine Lord aftir this p'fent AR and all other Graunts made or to be made to any PTone yevyng Auflorite to hym to make or depute ^ny Officer or Officers of the said Duchie be utterly voide and of noon effeft Savyng tQ all the Kings Liege People other than the said Cardinal! and other wx hym above named and their Heires clayming by the said A<ft and the Heires of the said late Kinges Edward and Richard such Title Right Accion * and Inrefle as they hador (ho,uld ha.ve had if this p'fent Adi had-

not



34*

•APPENDIX;

From the Rolls.

not b£en made and that it be ordeyned Enaded and Eftablifhed by the said Advice aflent and Audtorite that the King our So-v'aine Lord have hold enjoyeand poflede to hym and his Heires forev'more from the said xx:j Day of Auguft the Duchie of Cornewaife and all Honours Caftells Lordfhipps Mannours ' Landes Tenements Rents Rev'rfions Services Pofleflions Ad-voufons and other Hereditaments vtx all the Membres and Ap-purten'n'c's belongyng and apperteyning to the said Duchie or were perteynyng annexed reputed or taken parcell of the same any tyme of the Reigne of Henry the vitb Edward the iiijth lstc Kinges of Englonde In as ample and large manner w* all Li-bertees and franchefes and other things to the fame belongyng in like manner fourme and Condicon as the feid Kynges or either of theym had occupied ufed and enjoyed in the fame any tyme duryng their feid Reignes And that by the fan.e Auc-iorite it be Ordeyned and Enadted that our faid Souv'ain Lord have holde poflede and Enjoye to hym and his Heires forevermore Th'erldome Honno' and Lordfhipp' of Richemond other-wife called Richemont and all Caftells Townes Lordfhipps Man'ors Landes Ten'ts Rents RevTions Services Advoufons Pofleflions and other Hereditaments which John late Duke of Bedford or Edmond Erie of Richmond Fadre to oure faid Sou-v'ain Lord or either of them had w1 all Membres Franchefes Lib^ees and other Thinges Appurten n'c's of the said Erldom Honnour or Lordfhipp or in any wife p'teynyngor belongyng or were p'teynyng orbelongyng to the fame In as ample wife and like manner fourme and Condic'on as the said late Due or Erie or either of them had and also have take holde poflede and Enjoye to hym and his Heyrs for ev more the Baronye Lordfhipp and Mannour of Kendal! and Mannour and Lordfhipp of Wercfdale and all Lands Tints Rents Services Reverfions Pofleflions Advowfons and other Hereditaments w*the Membres of the same in the Countees of Lancaftr' Weftm'land and York which the said John late Due of Bedford or Edmond Erie of Richmond fadr* to our faid Souv'ain Lord or either of them had w* all li-b*tees franchefes and other thinges p'teynyng or belongyng to the fame In as ample wife and like manner fourme and Condt-c on as the said late Due or Erie or either of them had Saving to Margaret Countefle of Richetnond Moder to our faid Souv'ain Lord such Right Title and Int efle in and of the Premifles as (he hath or ought to have in the fame or eny parte therof Savyng also to al other the Kinges Liege People other than such as have dt had any thyngor Int efle in and ot the Premifles or any part of them by any of the said Kinges Henry the vj* or Edward the iiijtb such Right Title Clayme and Int'efle as they have or ought to have if the said A<ftes had not be made And that it be Or-dfeyned by the said Au&orite that all Graunts of Offices of eny of the feid Pofleflions made and graunted by our faid Souv'aine Lord by Liters Patentz to any Pfone or PTones before this present Adt be as good effectual! and available unto the Grauntes





34*

Houfesof

Husbandry.

APPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

accordyng to the Tenor of the same Graunts and Letters Pa-tentz as if the said Grants and L'res Patentz had be made unto them aftir this present Alt Provided alwey that this p nt Ad ne any Adi made or to be mad# in this p fent Parliament be not in enywife hurtfulland pjudiriall to the Abbot of theMonaft'ie of our Lady Saint Mary w*out the Walles of the Cite of Yorke ne to the Convent of the same ne to their Succeflors touchyng any Landes Ten ts or Hereditaments nowe being in the PofleL (ion of the same Abbot the which were at any tyme parcell of the forefaid Duchie of Lancaftr* And also it be Ordeigned and Eftablifhed by the said Audtorite that whanfoevr our faid Sovereign Lord by the Grace of God have iirft a Soonne of hb Body laufully begotyn that the fame Sonne and Prince have and Enjoy the said Duchie of Cornwaile with all the Honours Cm* ftellis Maners Londys Tenements and other Pofleffions belonging to the fame in as ample and large fourme and man'er as any Prince first begotyn Soonne of any Kyng hath hadejb or Enjoyed afore this, This Adte or eny thyng therein conteyned notwithftandyng Tenor vero cedule fequitur fub hac fcrb verbor* Provided alwey that any Adte of Refumpcion or mj other A die made or to be made in this present Parliament be not in any wife hurtfull ne prejudiciall to oure wel belovid Cofyn Cecile Duchefle of York ne to the hurt ne voidying to or of eny L*re$ Patentes made to the fame Duchefle ne extende ne Touche to the hurt'or prejudice of her into or of eny Caftelles Lordfhippes Maners Londes Tenements and Pofleffions or eny P'cell of theme the which the fame Duchefle hadde and poflefled the last Day of the Reign* of Kyng Edward the fourth Que quidem Billa cum Cedula Coibz in d'eo Parliamento exiften* tranfportata fuit Cui quidem Bille ijdem Com'unes Aflenfum fuum p'buerunt in forma Sequenti A Celt bille les Co'enz fount aflentz Cedule predidte lidem Co'es Similiter aflenfum fuum de-derunt Sub hijs Verbis A Ceft Cedule les Co'enz fount aflentuz Qiiib'z quidem Billa Cedula et aflenfu coram D'no Rege in Parliamento p'd'co ledtis Auditis et plenius intelledlisde Avifamen-to et aflenfu Dnor' Sp'ualiu'et Temporaliu* in d*co Parliamento fimiliter exiften' ac Coitatis p'd'ce necnon audioritate ejufflem eifdem Bille et Cedule Refpondebatur fub eo qui Secjuitur tenor# verbor* Le Roy le voet en toutz point#.

C A P. XIX.

The festally for decaying of Houfes of tJufbandry, or not laying of convenient Land for the maintenance of tbt fame.

IT E M, the King oqr Soueraigne Lord, hauing a Angular pleafure aboue all things to auoide such enormities and mif-chicfes, as bee hurtfull and prejudicial] to the common weale of this his land and his fubieets of the same,, remembreth that

among





APPENDIX.

among all other things great inconueniences daily doe increafe by deflation and pulling downe, and wilfull wafte of houses and townes within this Realme, and laying to pafture lands, which cuftomably haue beene vied in tillage, whereby idlcnefle, which is the ground and beginning of all mifchiefes, daily doth encreafe. For where in fome townes two hundred persons were occupied and liued by their lawfull labours, now there are occupied two or three heardmen, and the refidue fall into idle-nefle, the huibandrie which is one of thegreateft commodities of this Realme is greatly decayed. Churches deftroyed, the service of God withdrawen, the bodies there buried not prayed for, the Patrons and Curates wronged, the defence of this land againft our enemies outward, feebled and impaired, to the great difpleafure of God, to the fubveriion of the pollicie and good rule of this land, if remcdie be not provided: Wherefore the King our Soueraigne Lord by the aduice of the Lords - fpirituall and temporall, and the Commons in this faid Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the same, hath ordained, cnaded and ftablilhed, that no perfon, of what estate degree or condition that he be, that hath any house or houfes, that at any time within three yeers paflcd, hath beene or that now is, or that hereafter shall be lette for ferme with xx, acres of land at leaft, or more, lying in tillage and Huibandrie, that the owner and owners of euery such house of houses and land, doe keepe fuftaine and maintainehoufes and buildings vpon theTaid ground, and land conuenient and necefiarie for maintaining and vphold- Tillage* ing of the saide tillage and Huibandrie. And if any such owner or owners of any such house or houses and land, take land and occupie any such house or houfes, and keepe in his or their own hands, that the said owner or owners by the said authorise be bound in like wife to keepe and maintaine houses and buildings vpon the (aide ground and land convenient and neceiTarie for the maintaining and vpholding of the saide tillage and Huibandrie.

And if any man doe contrary to the premises or any of them, that then it be lawfull to the King, if any such lands or houses be holden of him immediately, or to the Lords of the Fees, if any such lands be holden of them immediately, to receive yeerely halfe the value of the ilTues and profitsof any such lands, whereof the house or houses be not fo maintained and fuftained.

And the fame halfe dealp of the ilTues and profits to have, holde and keepe to his or their owne vfe, without any thin& therefore to be payed or given, till such time as the fame house or houses bee fufficiently builded or repaired againe. And that no manner of freehold be in the King, nor in any such Lord or Lords, by the taking of any such profits, of or in any such lands in no manner of forme : but onely the King and the said Lord or Lords, haue power to take, receive, and haue the said ifliies and profits, as is aboue faide, and therefore the King or the laid Lord or Lords to haue power to diftraine for the fame ilTues and profits to be had and perceiued by them, in forme aboue fayde, by authorise of this present A&e.

Z 4	Anno



344

The fixe Article*.

APPENDIX.

Anno tricesimo primo Henrici Oftaui. - -

AT a Parliament holden at JVfftmtnfter the eight and twentyeth day of April, and there continued vntiil the eight and twentyeth day of Iune next following.

CAP. XIV.

An act for abolifhing of diuerjitie of opinions in certains Articles concerning cbriftian religion.

* TX7HERE the Kings mod excellent majedie is by Gods € V V law fupreame head immediatly vnder him of this whole * Church and congregation of England* intending the coofcr-c uation of the same Church and congregation in a true, fincere 4 and vniforme doctrine of Chrifts religion, calling also to his ‘ blefled and mod gracious remembrance, as well the great and ‘ quiet aflurancc, profperous increafe, and other innumerable * commodities, which haue euer infued, come and followed of 4 concord, agreement and vnitie in opinions, as also the cnani-* fold perils, dangers and inconueniences, which haue bereto-4 fore in many places and regions growne, fprung, and ariien, x of the diucrlities of mindcs and opinions, especially of matters *, of chriftian religion: and therefore defiring, that such an 4 vnitie might and Ihould be charitably edablilhed in all things 4 touching and concerning the fame, as the fame fo being efta-4 blifbcd might chiefly be to the honour of Almighty God, the 4 very Author and fountaine of all true vnitie and fincere con-* cord, and confequently redound to the commonwealth of 4 this his highnefle mod noble realme, and of all his lotting 4 fubje&s and other refiants and inhabitants of or in the lame: 4 hath therefore caufed and commanded this his mod high 4 Court of Parliament, for ftindry and many vrgent caufesand 4 confiderations, to be at this time fummoned, and also a fynod 9 and conuocation of all the Archbilhops, Bifliops, and other 4 learned men of the Clergie of this his realme, to be in like 9 manner aflcmbled.

4	II. And forafmuch as in the said Parliament, fynod and 4 conuocation, there were certaine Articles, matters and qtm 4 dions proponed and fet forth touching chridian religion, that 4 is to fay,	.

Fird, Whether in the mofi hkffcd Sacrament of the Altar remain-eth after the confccration* the fubjlance of Bread and Wine* or no.

Secondly, Whether it be necejjqry by Gods law* that all men Jbould communicat with both kinds, or no.

Thirdly, Whether Priejls, that is to fay, men dedicat to God by Priefthood* may by the law of God marrie after, or no.

Fouuhly, Whether vow of cbajlitie or widowbead* made to God fduifedly by man or woman* bee by the law of God to be obfenud* or no.	.......

Fiftly





APPENDIX,	|4	$

Fiftly, Whither priuat majfes ftand with the law of God, and he to be vfei and continued in the Church and congregation of England, as things whereby good ebrijiians may and doe receiue both godly confolatm, akd wbokfome benefits, or no.	**

Sixdy, Whether auricular confeffion is necejfary to be retahtif, continued, vfed and frequented in the Churchy or no.

4 III. The Kings moft royall maieftie, mod prudenly pon-

*	dering and coniidering, that by occafion of variable and fun-4 dry opinions and iudgements of the said Articles, great dif-4 cord and variance hath arifen, as well amongft the Cleargie 4 of this his Realme, as amongft a great number of the vulgar

*	people, his louing fubiedts of the tome: and being in a lull

*	hope and truft, that a full and perfect refolution of the said 4 Articles, ihould make a perfedt concord and vnitie generally 4 amongft all his louing and obedient fubiedts, of his moft ex-

*	cellent goodneffe not onely commanded, that the told Articles 4 Ihould deliberately, and aduifedly, by his faid Archbifhops,

4 Bifhops, and other learned men of his Cleargie, be debated,

4 argued and reafoned, and their opinions therein to be under-

*	ftood, declared and known e, but also moft gracioufly vouch-4 fafed in his own Princely perfon, to defeend and come vnto 4 his faid high court of Parliament and counfel, 6c there like t 4 Prince of moft high prudence, and no lefle learning, opened 4 and declared many things of high learning and great know-4 ledge, touching the said articles, matters & queftio's for an 4 vnity to be had in the fame: Whereupo* after a great & long 4 deliberat U aduifed difputatio' & co'fultatio* had and made 4 concerning the said Articles, afwell by the confent of the 4 Kings highneiTe, as by the aftent of the Lords fpirituall and 4 Temporall, and other learned men of his Clergie in their 4 Convocations, and by the confent of the Commons in this 4 present parliament afiembled, it was and is finally refolued,ac-4 corded and agreed in mannercnd forme following, that is to fay,

Firft, That inthe mofi blejfed Sacrament of the Altar yby thefirength sacrament, 1 and efficacie of Chrifis mighty word (it being fpoken by the Priefi) is present really wider the forme of bread and wine, the naturall body and blood of our Sauiour left Chrifiy conceiued of the Virgin Mary : and that after the confecration there remaineth no fubflance of Bread or Winey nor any other fubfianccy but the fubfiance of Chrifiy God and man.

Secondly, That the Communion in both kinds is not necejfary Ad Communion, falutem by the law of God to all perfons: and that it is to be beieeued and not doubted of but that in the flefh vnder the forme of breadr, is the very bloody and with the blood vnder forme of winey is the very fie/b as well apart as though they were both together.

Thirdly, That Priejhy after the order'of Priefihood receiuedy Marriage. as aforey may not marne by the law of God.

Fourthly, That vowes of chafiitiey widowheady by man or womdn Vowes* * made to God aduifedly, ought to be obferued by the law of God: and

{hob	r





Priuatmafles.

Auricular

confetfion.

Printing.

Teach;

Opinioni.

APPENDIX.

that it extmpteth them from other liberties of Chrifiian people, which without that they might enjoy,

Fiftly, That this is meete and necejfary. tbatpriuate Maffes be continued and admitted in it the Kings Engfijb Church and Congrego* lion,, as whereby good Chrifiian people* ordering tbemfehus according* ly* do receive both godly and goodly confolations and benefits: and it is agreeable also to Gods law-

Sixtly, That auricular confejfion is expedient and necejfary to* he reteined and continued, tfed and frequented in the Church of God,

4 IV. For the which moft godly ftudie, painc and trauell of 4 his maieftic, and determination and resolution of the premifles, 4 his humble and obedient fubie&s, the Lords fpirituall and * temporally and the commons in this present Parliament affem-4 bled, not ondy render and give vnto his highnes their moft 4 high and hearty thanks, & thinke tWemfdues moft bound to 4 pray for the long continuance of his Graces moft royal eftate;

4 but also being defirous that his moft godly enterprise may be 4 well accomplifhed and brought to a full end and perfection;

4 and fo eftablifhed, that the feme might be to the hooor of 4 God, and after to the common quiet, vnkie, and concord to 4 be had in the whole body of thi* real me for ever: moft ? humbly befeechen his royal majefty, that the refolution and 4 determination aboue written of the said Articles, imy bee 4 eftablifhed and perpetually perfected by authority of this pre*

4 fent Parliament:' It is therefore ordeined and enaded by the King our Souereigne Lord, the Lords ipirituall and temporall, ft the Commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the same. That if any person or persons within this Rcalme of England, or any other the kings dominions, after the xii. day of Iuly next comming, by word, writing, imprinting, ciphering, or in any otherwife, doe publifh, preach, teach, fay, affirme, declare, difpute, argue, or hold any opinion, that in the blefled Sacrament of the Altar, vnder the forme of bread and wine (after the confecration thereof) there is not present really, the natural! body and blood of our Saviour Jefu Chrift, concerned of the Virgin Mary* or that after the said confecration there remaineth any fubftance of bread or wine, or any other fubftance but the fubftance of Chrift, God and man : or after the time aboue faid, publrih, preach, teach, fay, .affirme, declare, difpute, argue or hold opinion, that in tnt flefh, vnder forme of bread is not the very blood of Chrift : or that with the blood vnder the forme of Wine, is not the very fle(h of Chrift, afwel apart as though they were both together: ,or by any the meanes abouefaid, or otherwife, preach, teach, declare or affirme the said Sacrament to be of other fubftance than is abouefeyd, or by* any meanes contemne, depraue or defpife the said blefled Sacrament: that then euery such person and persons fo offending, their aiders, comforters, counfellers, confentors and abettors therein, being thereof confided in forme vnderwritten by the authority abouefeid,. shall be deemed ft



APPENDIX.	34y

adjudged heretikes. And that euery such offence shall be iudged Heretikes. lnanifeft herefie: and that euery such offender and offenders ihall therefore haue and fuffer judgement, execution, paine and painet of death, by way of burning without any abiuratien, Burning, Clergie or Sanctuary, to be therefore permitted, had, allowed, admitted or fufferea: and also shall therefore forfeit and lofe to the Kings highnes, his heires & fucceffors, all his or their honors, manors, caftles, lands, tenements, rents, reueriions, feruices, pofleflions, & all other his or their hereditaments, goods and chattels, farmes and freeholds, whatfoeuer they be, which any such offender or offenders shall haue at the time of any such offence or offences committed or done, or at any time after, as in cafes of high treafon.

V.	And furthermore be it enabled by the authorise of thisprfalr^i -prefent Parliament, that if any person or persons, after the said xii. day of Jufyy preach in any fermon or collation, openly made to the. Kings people, or teach in any common fchoole, or to other congregation of people, or being called before such iudges, and according to such forme of the law, as hereafter fhal be declared, do obftinately affirme, vphold, maintaine or defend, that the communion of the said bleffed Sacrament in both kinds, that is to fay, in forme of bread and also of wine, is necefiary for the health of mans foule, to be giuen or mini-ftred, or ought or should be given or miniftred to any person in both kinds : or that it is necdlary fo to be receiued or taken by any person (other than by Priefts being at maffe, and confederating the fame:) or that any man after the order of Priefthood received, as aforesaid, may marry and may contract matrimony ; or that any man or woman, which aduifedly hath vowed or profeffed, or (hooild vow or profelle chaftitie or widowhead, may marry, or may contract matrimony: or that priuate maffes be not lawful or not laudable, or (hould not be celebrated, had, nor vfed m this realme, nor be not agreeable to the lawes of God : or that auricular confeffion is not expedient and neceflary to be receiued and continued, vfed and frequented in the Church of God : or if any Prieft after the laid xii. day of Jufy9 or any Marriage, other man or woman which aduifedly hath vowed, or after the said day aduifedly do vow chaftitie or widowhood, do adtually qaarry or contract matrimony with any perfon, that then all and euery person and persons, fo preaching, teaching, obftinately affirming, vpholding, maintaining or defending, or making marriage or contradt of matrimony as is aboue fpeciffed, be and fhal be by authority aboue written, deemed and iudged a felon and felons. And that euery offender in the feme being there-i F^onie# fore duly conuidted or attainted by the lawes vnder written, * shall therefore fuffer paines of death as in cafes of felony, without any benefit of Clergie, or priuiledge of Church or Sanctuary clergie. to him or her to be allowed in that behalfe, and shall forfeit all Santtiur/. his or her lands^ & goods as in cafes of felony. And that it be lawful to the patron or patrons of any manerof benefice, which any fuch.,offender. at the time of his faid conui&ion or . „	at-





Opinions.

Forf.

Imprilbit*

Second

offence.

Felonie.

Prices.

i

Man iage.

A' # P E N D I X;

attainder had, to present one other Incumbent thereunto, as tf the fame person fo cctovi#*d or attainted, had been bodily de-ceafed.

*V1. Alfo bee it enabled by the authorise aforesaid, Thart if any person or persons after the said twelfth day of Juij> by word, writing, printing, ciphering, or otherwise then is aboue re* headed, publifh, declare, or hold opinion, that the said communion of the blefled Sacrament in both kinds aforesaid, is ne-ceflary for the health of mans foule to bee given or miniftred in both kindes, and fo ought or should bee giuen and miniftred to any perfon, or ought or (hould bee fo in both kindes receiued or taken by any perfon, other than by Priefts being at Made, and fo confecrating the fame as is aforefaid; or that any man after the order of Pnefthood receiued as is aforesaid, may marrie or may make contra# of matrimonie: or that any man of woman which aduifedly hath made or shall make a vow to God of chaftitie or widowhood, may marrie, or may make contra# of matrimony: or that priuate Maries be not lawfoll or not laudable, or (hould not be celebrated, had, or vfed*, nor be agreeable to the lawes of God: or that auricular confeflion is* not expedient and necessary to be reteined and continued, vfed and frequented in the Church of God euery person being for any fach offence duely conui#ed or attainted by the lawes vn-derwritten, shall forfeit and lofe to the King our Souercigne Lord all his goods and chattels for euer, and also the profits* of all his lands, tenements, annuities, fees and offices during his life, and all his Benefices and Spirituall promotions shall be vt-terly voyd, and also shall fuffer imprifonment of his body at the will and pleafure of our faid Soucreign Lord the King. And if any such person or persons being once conui# of any the offences' mentiopeci in this Article as is abouefaid, doe afterward eftfoones offend in any of the same, and be thereof accufed, indi#ed or prefented, and conui# againe by authority of the laWel underwritten, that then euery such person and persons fo being twice conui# and attainted of the said offences, or of any of them, (ball be adiudged a felon and felons, and shall fuffer judgement, execution and paines of death, Ioffe and forfeiture of lands and goods, as in cafes of felonie, without any prfuiledge of Clergie, or Sanctuary to be in aqy wife permitted, admitted dr allowed in that behalfe.

VII. Be it further eqa#ed by the authority abouefayd, That if any perfon, which is or hatn been a Prieft before this present Parliament, or during the time of Seflion of the same, hath married and hath made any contra# of matrimony with any woman, or that any man or woman which before thr making of this A#, aduifedly hath vowed chariity or widowhood before this present parliament, or during the Seflion of the same hath married & contra#ed matrimony with any perfon, that then* euery: such marriage and contra# of matrimony (hal bevtterly void and of none eflfe#. And that the ordinaries, within whofe Diocefle *>r Jurifdi#fon$ the perfon* or persons fo married -or '■	con-



349

APPENDIX.

contraded, is or be resident or abiding, shall from time to time make reparation and diuorces of the said marriages and con- Diuorces. tracts.	i

VIII.	And further it is enabled by the authorise aforesaid.

That if any man which is or hath been Prieft as is aforesaid, at prjc^ any time from or after the said twelfth day of July next com* ming, doe carnally keepe or vfe any woman to whom hee is or

hath been married, or with whom he hath contracted matrimo-ny, or openly beconuerfant, keepe company or familiaritie with any such woman, to the euill example of other persons, euery ' such carnal ufe, copulation, open conuerfation, keeping of com- Lecberie. pany and familiaritie, be and (hal be deemed and adiudged fe-ionie, as well againft the man as the woman, and that euery c 0DIC* such person fo offending, shall be enquired of, tried, punifhed, ftiffer, lofe and forfeit all and euery thing and things as other felons made and declared by this Alt, and as in cafe of felony as js aforefayd.

IX.	Be it also further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid (not giuing aduantage or detriment t6 any article afore rehearfed) that if any man which is or hath been Prieft, or hereafter shall be, at any time after the said twelfth day of July, do carnally vfe and accuftome any woman, or keepe her as his concubine, as by paying for her boord, maintaining her with money, array, or any other gifts or meanes,to the euill exam pie of other persons, that then euery such offender being thereof duely conuiCIed or attainted by the lawes mentioned in this A61, shall forfeit and Forf: lofe all his goods and chattels. Benefices, Prebends, and other Spiritual) promotions and dignities, and also shall haueand fuf-

fer imprisonment of his body at the Kings will and pleafurc.

And that euery of the said Benefices, Prebends, and other pro* • motions and dignities, shall be to all intents and purposes vtter-> ly void, as if the said offender hadrefigned or permuted. And if any such offender or offenders at any time after the said con-: ui&ion or attainder, eftfoones commit, doc, or perpetrate the, faid offences or any of them next afore rehearfed, and be thereof duely conui&ed or attainted by the lawes aforesaid, that then all and euery such offence and offences shall be deemed and ad* > iudged felonie, and the offender and offenders therein shall fuf» Felonie. fer paines of death, and lofe and forfeit all his and their goods^. lands, and tenements, as in cafes of felonie, without hauing any benefit of Clergie or Sanctuary.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thofe women, with whom all and (ingular the forefayd &Vo;nen. Priefts shall in any of the forefaid wayes haue to doe with, or carnally know as is aforesaid shall haue like punifhment as the Priefts.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons at any time hereafter contemnc Refufe, or contemptuoufly refufe, denie or abfteine to bee confeffctf at >

any time commonly accuftomed within this Realme and Church of England^ or contemne or contemptuoufly refute, dtiiie or

abfteine



35°

Felonie.

CommUfiont.

Wales.

BUhops^

A P P E N D IX

abfteine or receiue the holy & blefled Sacrament abouefayd, at the time commonly vfed and accuftomed for the fame, that then euery such offender being thereof duely convided or attained by the lawes vnderwritten, shall fuffer such imprifomnent and make such fine and ranfome to the King our Souereigne Lord and his heirs, as by his highneffe or by his or their counfcll shall be ordered and adiudged in that behalfe. And if any fiich offender or offenders at any time or times after the said conuic-tion or attainder io had, doe eftfoons contemne or contemptu-oufly refufe, denie or abfteine to be confefled, or to bee communicate in maner and forme aboue written, and be thereof duly conuided or attainted by the lawes vnderwritten, that then every such offence shall bee deemed and adjudged felonie, and the offender or offenders therein shall fuffer paines of death, and lofe and forfeit all his and their goods, lands and tenements, as in cafes of felony.

XII. And for full and effeduall execution of the premifles before deuifed, ordeined and enaded by this Adi: Be it furthermore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, that immediately after the said twelfth day of July next comming, fundry Commiffions shall be made from time to time, into euery (hire of th\s Realme and Wales, and in and to such other places within the Kings dominions, as shall pleafe his majesty to be direded.to the Archbifhop or Bifhop of the Diocefle, and to his Chancellor or Commiflary, and to such other persons as fliall bee named by his highnefle, or by such other as his majesty at his pleafure shall appoint to name the fame: which Archbifhops or Bifhop, his Chancellor or CommifTary and other persons fo to be named, or three of them at lead, whereof the Archbifhop or Bifhop, or his Chancellor or Commiflary to be one, shall hold and keepe their Seflions within the limits of their Commiflion foure feuerall times of the yeere at the lead, or oftner if they shall thinke it expedient by their difcretfons, and shall hauc power and authoritie by vertue of this Ad, and their faid Commiflion, as well to take information and accufa-tion by the oaths and depofitions of two able and lawfull persons at the lead, as to inquire by the oaths of twelve men, of all and fingular the herefies, felonies, contempts and other offences aboue written, committed, done or perpetrate within the limits of their Commiflion. And that euery such accufation and information conteining the matter, names, furnames, and dwelling places of the offenders, and the day, yeere, place and Countie when and wherein their offences were committed, (hal^ be of as good force and effed in the law, as if the matter therein conteined had been prefented by verdid of twelue men.

XIH. And neuerthcieffc it is further enaded, That euery of the said Archbifhops and Bi(hop$,& euery of their Chancellors, Commiflaries, Archdeacons and other ordinaries hauing any pqoulier Ecclefiadieal] iurifdidions within this Realme or in IValn, or in any other the Kings dominions, shall haue full power an4 authoritie by vertue of this Ad, as well to cnquice

us





A P P E N D I X.

3 5*.

in thdr vjfitations and Scnisv as there and clfewhere within' their iuriididtions, at any other time or place, to take accufations and informations as is aforefeid, of the heretics, felonies, contempts and offences above mentioned, done, committed or perpetrated within the limits of their iurifdidlions and authori- Vifitations. ties. And that euery such accufation, information and prefent-ment fo taken or had as is aforesaid, shall be of as good force and effedt, as if the matter therein conteined had been prefent-ed before the Juftices of peace in their Seffions. And also that . Juftices of peace in their Seffions, and euery Steward, Under- *lx cw of # Reward, and deputie of . Steward of any Leete or Lawday, in their Leete or Lawdayes shall haue like power, and authoritie by vertue of this Ad, to enquire by the oaths of twelue lawful men, of all and Angular the herefies, felonies, contempts and other offences aboue written, done, perpetrated or committed within the limits of their Cornmiffions and authorities.

XIV.	And it is also enadted by the authoritie aforesaid. That euery such person or persons afore whom any prefentment, information, or accufation shall be made and taken as is afore* faid, (ball examine the accufcrs what other witneffe were by and present at the time of doing and committing of the offence whereof the information, accufation or prefentment shall be made, and how many other then the accufers have knowledge thereof. And shall haue power and authoritie to binde by re- Recog, cognizance to be taken afore them, as well the said accufers as

all such other persons whom the fame accufers shall declare to haue knowledge of the offences by them prefented or informed, ' euery of them in fiue pounds to the king our Souereigne Lord, to appeare before the Commiftioners afore whom the offender cur offenders shall bee tried at the day of the triall of such offenders.

XV.	And that all and Angular indentures, Prefentments, Ac- information*, cufations, informations and Recognizances taken and had as is Accufations. aforesaid, within twenty days next after the taking of the same,

(hall be certified in due forme by writing vpon parchment by the taker or takers thereof, vnder his or their feals vnto any of the said Commiflioners, to be appointed as is aforesaid, within the limits of whofe commifiion the herefies, felonies contempts and offences, whereof any such prefentment, indidtment, information or accufation shall be taken or had, as is aboue writ* ten, shall bee committed, done and perpetrated. And if any Certificate, person or persons which hereafter shall happen to take any such accufation, information, prefentment or recognizance as is a-bouefaid, do make default of the certificate thereof contrarie to the forme aboue rehearied, that then euery person and persons fo offending, shall forfeit to our Souereigne Lord the King for euery such default, ten pounds.

XVI.	And it is further enacted by the authority abouefaid, Procdjfe.

that the said Commiflioners or three of them at the Jeaft &i$	*	'

nkrkn.r'iirl Ku usrfiiA tKie A A «n/t fk.lt1	tMi(Tt/tir*	/Vl•»!I

f

CpmmifL

\

Challenge.

Forreine

pleat.

pikers.

APPENDIX.

euery perion or persons, indi&ed, prefented or accufed, in forme as is aboue remembred, as is vfed and accuftomed in cafes of felonie, and that as well within the limits of their commiffion, as into all other (hires and places of the realme of Wales, and other the Kings dominions, as well within liberties as without, and the fame procefTe to be good and effectuall in the law as in cafes of felonie. And vpon the appearance of any of the offenders, shall haue full power and authorise by vertue of this a&, and the said commiffion to here and determine the forefaid herefies, felonies, contempts or other offences, acording to the lawes of this realme, and the effe&s of this A<St.

XVII.	And it is also ena&ed by the authority abouefayd, that euery of the said commissioners vpon any such accufation, pre-fentment or information, shall endeuour himfelfe effectually, without affeCtion, dread or corruption, to apprehend and take the offenders, and after the apprehenlion of any such offender or offenders, shall haue full power and authority to commit them to ward. And that the said Commiffioners, or two of them at the lead, shall haue full power and authority to let any person or persons fo accufed or prefented, vpon fufficient fure-ties by their difcretions^ to bade for their appearance to be tried according to the tenor, forme and effeCt of this aft.

XVIII.	And further it is enafted by the authoritie aboueiaid. That if any person or. persons which hereafter shall be named and affigned to be commiffioner or commissioners as is aboueiaid, be accufed, indicted or prefented, of or for any the offences aboue written, that then all and euery such commiffioner or commissioners, fo accufed, indicted ana prefented, shall be examined, put to anfwere, and tried of, and vpon any such offence, according to the tenor and effeCt of this aCt, before such other person or persons as it shall pleafe the Kings highnelfc to name, affigne and appoint by his gracious Commiffion to heare and determine~the fame.

XIX.	And it is further enaCted by the authoritie abouefaid. That no person or persons which at any time hereafter shall be accufed, indifted or prefented as is abduefaid, shall be admitted to the challenge of any person or persons, which shall be impanelled for the trial! of his or their offence for any matter or caufe, other then for malice or enmitie, which challenge (ball forthwith be tried in like maner as other challenges be vfed to be tried in cafes of felony.

XX.	And it is further enacted by the authoritie abouefaid. That all forreine Pleas triable by the Countrey, which at arty time hereafter shall bee pleaded by any person or persons here^ after to be arreigned or put to anfwere vpon any accufation, en-diftraent or prcfentment, or for any of the offences aboue Ipe-cihed, or of, or for any of them, (nail be tried before the fame Commiffioners afore whom such person or persons shall be arreigned or put to anfwere, and by the Jurors that shall trie the laid offence or offences without any further refpeft or delay.

XXI.	And it is further enacted by the authority abouefoid.

APPENDIX;	%si

That all Maiors, Shiriffes, Stewards, Bailiffes of liberties, gaol* ers, and other officers and minifters, of what name, degree or condition foeuer they be, and euery of them, (hal from time to time truely and diligently Tcceiue, and feme all and all maner the procedes, precepts and commandments to them or any of them by the said Commiflioners, or any of them to be made, given or directed, touching or concerning the premifles or any parcell therof, & shall from time to time be obedient and attendant vnto the said Commiflioners for the time being, for the due execution of this present ad, or of any thing therein contained.

XXII.	And it is also enaded, That euery perfon, which (hal Commiflion. be named to be Commiffioner in the said Commiflion, after

that he hath knowledge thereof, shall effedually put his diligence., & attendance in and about the execution of the said Commiflion, & before that he (hal take vpon him the execution of the same com'iflion, shall take a corporal oth before the Lord Chancellor of England for the time being, or before him or them to whom the said Lord Chancellor shall dired the kings writ of Dedimus poteftatem, to take the fame, the tenor of which oath hereafter enfueth.

*	E lhall fweare that yee to your cunning, wit and Oath*

*	1 power, shall truely ana indifferently execute the autho-4 rity to you giuen by the Kings Commiflion made for c corredion of here tikes and other offendors mentioned in the 4 feme Commiflion, without any fauor, affedion, corruption 4 or malice to be borne to any person or persons,*

As God you helpe and all Saints.

XXIII.	And in cafe that any of the said persons named to Refufe. be Commiflioners, refufe to take the said oath, or willingly ab-

fent or eloine himfelfe from the taking of the said oath, then * euery such person fo offending,, and the fame offence extreated or certified into the kings Exchequer by the said Lord Chan-cellor, or by him or them to who* any such writ of DedimusFortc* poteftatem, as is aforesaid, shall be direded, shall forfeit and loole to our faid Souereigne Lord the King for euery time fb offending, flue markes oflawfull money.

XXIV.	And it is also cnaded by the authority abouefeid, Commiflion. That the said Commiflioners and euery of them shall from time

to time haue full power and authority by vertue of this Ad to take into his or their keeping and poffeflion, all and all manner of bookes, which be and haue beene, or hereafter shall be fet Bookct. forth, read and declared within this Realme or other the Kings dominions, wherein is or be contained or comprifed, any elaufe, article, matter or fentence, repugnant or contrary to the tenor, forme or effed of this present adt, or any of . the articles contained in the fame: and the said Commiflioners or three of them at the lead, to burne or otherwise destroy the said bookes or any part of them, as vnto the said Commiflioners or vnto	'	i

, % Vot. XXIIi.	A	a	three



/

354

APPENDIX.

Parfons (ball reade thisAft Rights,

Efcheats.

Vowc.

Age.

three of them at the lead, shall be thought expedient by their diferetions.

XXV. And it is also ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That • euery Parfon, Vicar, Curate, or parish Prieft of euery parish Church within this Realme or other the Kings dominions, or h\s or their deputy, vpon the Sunday next after the first day Jf September next enduing, and fo from thenceforth once in euery quarter of the yeere at the lead, shall openly, plainely and dit-tinftly read thts prefect A& in the Parilh Church, where he is Parfon, Vicar, Curat, Parilh Prieft or deputy, vnto his or their pari(hioners then affembled together to heare diuine Seruice. And that euery such Parfon, Vicar, Curat, or Parilh Prieft,, making default of reading this Adt contrary to the forme aforesaid, shall forfeit vnto our fold Souereigne Lord, his heires or fucceffors, for euery such default xl. s. fteriing, Sauing to all & lingular person and perfon*, bodies politike and corporate, their heires and fucceifors, and to the heires and fucceffors of euery of them (other then al and lingular such person and persons that shall be hereafter conui&cd or attainted of, or for any of the offences or contempts aboue fpecified, their heires and luc-ceffors, and the heires and fucceifors of euery of them) all such right, title, claime, intereft, entree, poffeffion, rents, reuer&oos, fees, annuities, commons, offices, profits and demands what-foever, as they or any of them haue, or then at the time of t{ie f*id conuidion or attainder, had, shall haue, of, in or to afcy Honours, Caftles, LorcUhips, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, FranchUes, aduoufon and other hereditaments which any such person or persons being fo conui£led or attainted, as afor.efeid, had or were intituled- to haue at the time of their offence or offences committed^ or at any time after, and that in as ample maner, forme and condition, to all intents, conftruc-tions atnd purpofes, as if this A& had neuer been had or made, any thing contained in this A&« to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVI. Prouided alway. That the Lords shall not haue nor claime any Efcheats of any offendor or offendors that shall bee iudged to be burned by authority of this A ft.

4 XXVII. And becaufe difputations ancf doubts might per-4 haps rife hereafter vpon the words in this Adi, that is to fay,

4 Aduifedly made to God/ Be it therefore prouided and en-adted by.authority aforesaid, thefe words in the Adi, that is to fay, Aduifedly made to God for vowes of chaftity or widowhood, shall bee all onely taken, expounded and interpreted, to bind such person or persons and none other, fauing Priefts; to and by the fame, which at the time of any of their fo vowing, bping thereto admitted, were or lhall be of the age of one and twenty yeeres or aboue, and then did or doe confent, fubmit them(eliies or condefcend to the fame, and continue or continued in obferuation of it any while after, vnlefle any such per-fon or persons doe or can duely prooveany vnlawfull cohcrcion

or

APPENDIX.

or compufion done to them or any of them for making of any such vow.

Anno tricefim ftcundo Henrici Oftaut.

IN the Parliament begtin at JVeJlminJter the twenty eight of April, Anno tricejimo primo Henrici oSaui* and there holden and afterward continued by diuers prorogations vntil the twelfth day of April, Amo tricefimd fecundo, Henrici oRaui. In the last Seffion thereof begun the said twelfth day of April, and there holden vntil the eleuenth day of May, and then prorogued vntil the ftue and twentieth diy of the same Moneth of Mayi and then holden and continued vntil the foure and twen--tieth day of Iuly, in the said two and thirtieth yeere of King Henry the 8. at which time it was finilhed and diflolued.

CAP. XXIV.

An Aft concerning the lands and goods of the holpitals of S. lobns of lerufalm in England and Ireland to bo heereatter in the Kings hands and difpofition.

THE Lords fpirituall and temporal! and the commons in this present Parliament ai&mbled, hauing credible know-4 ledge that diuers and fundry the Kings fubjeds called Knights 4 of the Rhodes, otherwise called knights of Saint lobns, other-4 wife called Friers of the religion of Saint lobn of krufalem in 4 England, and of a like house being in Inland, abiding in the 4 partes of beyond the Sea, ,and hauing as well out of this 4 Realme as out of Ireland and other the Kings dominions,

4 yeercly great Fums of money for maintenance or their liuings,

4 have vnnaturally and contrary to the dutie of their allegi-4 ances, fufteined and maintained the vfurped power and au-4 thoritie of the Bifhop of Rom lately vfed and pradtifed within 4 this realme and other the Kings dominions, and haue not 4 onely adhered themfelves to the saide Bifhop being common 4 enemie to the King our Soueraigne Lord, and to this his 4 realme vntruly vpholding, acknowledging and affirming ma-4 licioufly and traiteroufly, the fame Bifhop to be fupreame and 4 chiefe head of Chrifts Church by Gods holy word, intending 4 thereby to fubvert and ouerthrow the good and godly lawes 4 and ftatutes of this realme their naturall countrey, made and 4 grounded by authority of holy Church by the moft excellent 4 wifdomc, policie and goodnes of the kings majeftie with the 4 whole aflent and confent of the realme, for the abolifhing 4 expulfing and vtter extin&ing of the said vfurped power and € authorise, but also haue defamed and flandered as well the 4 Kings majeftie as the noble men, Prelats and other the Kings 4 true and Iouing Subjects of this realme, for their good and 1	A a 2	4	godly

35$

APPENDIX.

*	godly proceeding in that behalfe, hauc therefore deepely pon*

*	dered and conlidered that like as it is and was a moft godly 4 A6t of the Kings mod royall majeftie, and the said Noble 4 men, 'Prelats, and Commons of this realme, vtterly to cx-4 pulfe and abolifh not onoly from this realme, but also from

*	other the Kings dominions the said vfurped power and au-4 thority of the Biftiop of Rome, and also the hypocritike and 4 fuperftitious religions in this Realme, and other the Kings 4 dominions being his members and adherents hauing their 4 original! erection and foundation by the said vfurped autho-4 ritie, by expulfing whereof Gods holy word neceflary for in-

*	creafe of vertue and (aluation of chriftian foules, is not onely 4 purely and fincerely aduanced and fet foorth, but also the ex-4 tort exa&ions of innumerable fummes of money, craftily ex-4 haufted out of this realme and of other the Kings dominions* 4 by the colour of the said vfurped authoritie is removed and 4 taken away, to the ineftimable benefit and commoditie of the 4 Kings louing fubjeds, fo in like maner of wife it (hould be 4 moft dangerous to be fuffered or permitted within this realme 4 or in any other the kings dominions, any religion being fparks, 4 ealues, and imps of the said root of iniquitie, confidering ajfo 4 that the Ifle of Rhodes, whereby the said religion tooke their € old name and foundation is furprifed by the Turke.

4 II. And that it were and is much better that the pofleffions 4 in this realme, and in other the Kings dominions appertaia-4 ing to the said religion, (hould rather be imployed and fpent 4 within this realme, and in other the Kings dominions, for 4 the defence and furetie of the same, then conuerted to 3c a-4 mong such vnnaturall fubjects which haue declined not only 4 from their naturall dutieof obedience, that they ought to bear 4 vnto the King their foueraigne Lord, but also from the good 4 lawes and Statutes of this realme, their naturall country, dai-4 ly doing and attempting priuily, and craftily all that they can 4 to fubuert the good ana godly policie, in the which thanks be 4 to God and to our moft dread foueraigne Lord, this realme 4 and all other the Kings dominions now ftand in:' In confi-deration whereof, the said Lords fpirituall and temporal), and . the commons in this present Parliament aflembled, moft humbly befeeche the Kings moft royall Majeftie, that it may be enabled by his highnes and by the aflent of the Lords fpirituall and temporal! and the commons in this present Parliament aC-Corporation fembled, that the corporation of the said religion, as well with-diflolvcd. in this realme, as within the Kings dominions and land of 7rr-londy by whatfoever name or names they bee founded, incorporated or knowne, shall be vtterly difiolued and void to all intents and purpofes. And that fir William Wejlon Knight, now being Prior of the said religion within this realme of England, shall not be named or called from hencefoorth Prior of S, Johns of Ierufalem in England,* but shall be called by his proper name of William Wejlon Knight, without further addition touching the said religion. And that likewife I$bn Raufbn Knight* now

»	being

APPENDIX.

357

being Prior of Kilmainam in Ireland, flial not be called or named from henceforth Prior of Kilmainam in Ireland, but onely by his proper name of Iobn Raujon Knight without further addition touching the said religion, nor that any of the brethren or confreres of the said religion in this realme of England, and land of Ireland^ shall be called Knights of the Rhodes, nor Knights of Saint Iohns, but shall be called by their owne proper chri-ftian names and furnames of their parents, without any other additions touching the said religion.

III.	And be it furthermore ena&ed by authority of this pre-fent Parliament, that if the said William Wejlon, or any of his brethren or confreres of the hofpitall or house of S. Iobn of It-rnfalem in England now abiding and dwelling within this realme of England, or any other person or persons being members pro-fefled of or in the saide Hofpitall now dwelling within* the said realme at any time after the first day of July next comming, do vie or weare within this realm or clfewherc, in or vpon any ap-pareil of their bodies any figne, marke or token heretofore vfed ^arke*. and accuftomed or hereafter to be deuifed for the knowledge of

the saide religion, or make any Congregations, Chapters or af- Congregation femblies, touching the fame religion, or maintaine, fupport, vfe or defend any liberties, Franchifes, or priuileges heretofore granted to the said religion by authorise of the Bifhop of Rcmey or of the fee of the same, that then euery of them fo offending,

(hall incurre and run into the peines, forfeitures, and penalties, ordained and prouided by the Statute of prouifion and Premu- Premunirc. nire, made in the sixteenth yeereof King Richard thefecond.

And if the said Iobn Raujon Knight or any his brethren or confreres of the said hofpitall or house of Kilmainam in Ireland, or any other person or persons, being members profeffed of or in the (aid hofpitall of Kilmainam, now abiding and dwelling within the said land of Ireland at any time after the last day of September next comming doe vfe or weare within this realme, or within the said land of Ireland or elfewhere, in or vpon any ap-parell of their bodies, any figne, marke or token heretofore vfed Marks* and accuftomed, or hereafter to be deuifed for the knowledge of the same religion, or make any Congregations, Chapters, or aflemblies, touching the fame religion, or maintaine, fupport, vfe, or defend any maner of liberties, Franchifes, or priuiledges heretofore granted to the fame by authority of the Bifhop of Rome, or of the fee of the same, that then euery of them fo offending shall incurre and run into the peines. Forfeitures and penalties, ordained and prouided by the said Statute of proui- .

(ion and Premunire, made in the laid sixteenth yeere of King Prcmunire* Richard the fecond.

IV.	And be it likewile ena&ed by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any the Knights or confreres of the said religion being the Kings naturalf fubjedts, which now inhabit, abide and dwell out of any of the Kings dominions, at any time after the first day of February next comming, doe offend in any of the Articles or offences next aboue rehearfed that then euery of

A a 3

them



APPENDIX.

them fo offending shall incurre and runne into the peines, forfeitures and penalties next aboue remembred.

S. Iobns giuen V. And be it further enacted by the atithoritie aforesaid, that to the King. the Kings Majeftie his heires and fucceflors, shall have and injoy all that Hofpitall, Manfion houfe, Church, and all other, boufes, edificions, buildings and gardens to the fame belonging, being next to the Citie of London in the Countie of Afid~ dlefex called the house of S. Iobns of lerufalem in England, and also that Hofpitall, Church, and house of Kilmainam in the land Ireland, of Ireland, and all and fihgular Cattles, Honors, Manors, Me-fes. Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reuerfions, Seruices, Woods, Medowes, Paftures, Parks, Warens, libertccs, Franchifes, pri-uiledges, Parfonages, tithes, penfions, portions, Knights tees, aduowfons, commanderies, preceptories, contributions, refpon-fions, rents, titles, entrees, conditions, couenants, ana all other pofieffions and hereditaments, of what natures, names, or qualities foeuer they be, and wherefoever they be or lie withjji , this Realme of England, or within the land of Ireland, or elfe-where within any the King's dominions, which appertained or belonged to the said religion, or to the Priors, maifters, or go-uernors, Knights or other Miniffers, profefled of or in the fame by the pretenfe or in the right of the said religion, and all and Goode. fingular goods, chattels, debts, arrerages of rents and farmes, and all other things reall and perfonall, whatfoeuer they be, whereof or whereunto any of the said Priors, brethren or confreres, or persons profefled in the said religion, can have or claime any particular propertie to their owne proper vfe by the rules and Statutes of the (aid religion. To haue and to hold the premifles and euery of them to our faid Soueraigne Lord, and to his heires and fucceiTours for euer, to vfe and imploy by his moft excellent wifedome and diferetion, at his owne free will and pleafure. And that his highnefle shall be deemed and adjudged in the reall and adtuall pofleflion of the premifles, by venue Reall pofTef- and authoritie of this present Acff: Sauing to all persons and *oni'	bodies politike their heires and fucceflors, and the heires and

fucceflors of euery of them, other then the said Prior of Saint Johns of lerufalem in England, and the said Prior of Kilmainam, in the land of Ireland^ and the brethren or confreres of euery of them and the facceflbrs of euery of them,, and all and euery other person or persons of the said religion, and their fucceflors and euery of them, and the fucceflors of euery of them* all such right, Title, Intereft, Pofleflion, Leafes, Grants, Annuities, Fees, Offices, Corrodies, Reuerfions, Rents and Seruices, Right*. Rents, Charges, Commons, Rights, Titles, Entrees, Adions, Penfions, Portions, Petitions, and all other hereditaments, of what names, natures, or qualities foever they be, which they haue, (hould or ought to haue had, if this A&e had neuer beene had nor made, any thing in this Aft to the contrary thereof not-< withftanding.

VI.	Prouided alway, and be it enabled by the authoritie of this present Parliament, by the agreement and alTent of th-e

Kings

APPENDIX;	$59

Kings moll excellent goodnefle, that the said ffVijam Wtfio*>SK W. Wtfiou during his natural! fife* lhall Haue and enjoy to his ownp ufe Annuitic.

Out of the premiflis yeerely one Annuall rent or penfion of orie

thoufand pounds to oe paid to him or his affignes at the feaft

of Saint Michadl thd Archangell, and the Annuntiation of our

Lady, by eucn portions, and also lhall haue to his owne vfp

fuch refonable portion of the goods and chattels appertaining Goods.

to the fame religion, as ii shall pleafe the Kings majeftie of his

mod excellent goodnefle to limit and appoint of the same. And

that the saide Iohn RaufoH Knight (hull haue and injoy to his Sir lobn Rmtfen

owne vfe, out of such pofleflions as he now hath in England Aunuitie.

and Ireland, one Annual penfion of hue hundred markes, to be

paid to him or to his affignes, at the feafts aforesaid by euen

portions, and likewifc shall have to his owne proper vie fuch

feafonable portion of the goods of the saidi religion, as shall pleafe

the kings Majeftle of his mofl excellent goodnefle to limit and

appoint for the fame. And that Clement IVeJl, being one of

the confrere^ of the said religion, (Jiall haue and injoy during Confrere^

his natural! life, one annuitie or penfion of two hundred pound.

And that Thomas Pemberton another of the confreres of the said religion, shall have and injoy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely penfion of fourfcore pounds. And that Giles Ruf-Jell another of the said confreres, shall haue and injoy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely penfion of one hundred pounds. And that George Ailmer another of the said confreres,

(hall haue and injoy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of one hundred pound. And that Iohn Sutton anothejr of the confreres of the said religion shall haue and injoy yeerely during his life naturall, one yeerely penfion of two hundred pound. And that Edward Be.ingham another of the confreres of the said religion shall haue and injoy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely penfion of one hundred pound. And that Edward Browne another of the confreres of the said religion lhall haue and injoy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of fiftie pounds. And that Edmund Hujfe, another of the confreres of the said religion, shall have and injoy yeerely during his life naturall, one yeerely penfion of one hundred markes. And that Ambrofe Caue another of the confreres of the saide religion shall haue and injoy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of one hundred markes. And that Thomas Copledike another of the confreres of the saide religion shall haue and injoy during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of fiftie pounds. And that Cuthbert Leighton another of the confreres of the fayde religion, shall haue and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of threefcore pounds. And that Richard Brooke another of the confreres of the saide religion, shall haue and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely penfion of one hundred markes. And that Henry Pook another of the confreres of the saide religion, shall haue and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely penfion of two hundred markes. And that llilliam Tyrrell an-

A a 4	other

3&>

Wages*

t. Patents,

A P P E N D I X.

other of'the confreres of the said religion shall haue and'kltoy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely penfion of thirty pounds* And that Iohn Raufon another of the confreres of tho fayde religion, shall haue and inioy yeecely during Ms naturall life one yeerely penfion of two hundred markes. And that 'Anthonie Roger Si Ofvoald Mafftngherd, lames Hufe, Thomas ThorneR, Nicholas Hupton, Philip Babington, Henry lerad, Dunfian Nude-gate, Nicholas Lambert, and Dauii Gonfin, being confreres pro-fefied in the said religion and hauing at this present time no maner of certaintie towards their liuing, shall haue and inioy euery of them yeerely, one yeerely penfion of ten pounds. The faid feueral yeerely penfions to be paid at the feads of Saint JMichaoll the Archangell and the annunciation of our Lady by euen portions as is aforesaid. And ouer this, euery of the (aid Confreres aboue named and mentioned, shall haue to their owne proper vfes such reafonable portions of the goods and chattels being in their hands and pofleflions, appertaining to the said religion, as it shall pleafe the Kings majeilie to limit and appoint to euery of them of the same, i

VII.	And bee it also ena&ed by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any the Kings; fubje&s being profeffed in the saide religion, bee negligently forgotten or omitted out of this present a&e for lacke of knowlege of their names, that yet neuerthelefse euery of them fo forgotten, and not now prefently named or remem-bred, shall haue and inioy such honed, conuenient and reafonable yeerely penfion and portion of goods as shall pleafe the Kings Majedie to limit and appoint in that behalfe.

VIII.	Provided alwayes, that none of the said Priors or confreres of the said religion, shall haue and inioy any of the penfions afore fpecified, except such of them as he the Kings true and faithful fubjedts, any thing ip this a<d to the contrary thereof notwithdanding.

IX.	Prouided alfp, and be it cnadfced by the authority aforesaid, that Iohn Maplefden otherwise called IohnMableflon Clerke, Subprior of the said religion of the said Hofpitall of S. Iohn of Jerufalem in England, William Ermjled Clerke Maider of the Temple of London, Walter Limfeie and Iohn Winter Chaplains there, and euery of them shall haue, perceiue, and inioy during their naturall Hues all such Manfion houfes, dipends and Wages, and all other profits of money in as large or ample maner as they or any of them now lawfully haue the fame, without let or interruption of the King our Souerayne Lord, his heires orfucceflors, or any other his officers or Miniders, the said Mgir Aer and twoChaplensof the Temple doing their duties and fer-uices there, as they haue accuftomed to doe.

X.	And be it further enabled by authoritie aforefoide, that the saide William Wefion and Iohn Rauf on, and every of the saide brethren or confreres afore named, and the said Subprior and the saide maider of the Temple and two Chaplens, and euery of them, being the Kings true and faithful fubje&s vpon their reafonable fqites and petitions, (hal) haue fufficient letters parent*

APPENDIX;	361

tent* of the said fcueraU yearly annuities, penfions, manfions, ftipends and wages, and other profits of money to them limited by authorise of this aft, vndcr the Kings great Seale without any fine or fee to be paid to the Kings vfe for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said brethren or confreres of the (aid Religion, and all other obediencers being members of the said Religion shall bee Difcharge of acquited and diicharged of their obedience, that they haue vfed obedience, to beare and giue vnto the said William Wefton, or to the fayd Iohfi Raufon, or to any other of the fayd Religion by the ordinances, vfages, rules, or Statutes of the said Religion. And that as wel the fame William Wejion and Iohn Raufon, as the fayd brethren or confreres of the fayd Religion called Knights, as is afbrefaid, and euery of them being the Kings fubjefts borne in this Realme of England or in the land of Ireland or elfewhere, within any the Kings dominions shall bee enabled to fue and bee fued by their owne faid proper names and furnames, and haue such capacitie, and other freedome, liberties, and priui- Sutes. ledges to all intents -and purposes in as large and ample manner, forme, fafliion, and condition, as in the first Seffion of this present parliament was ordeined and enafted for religious per-fons, any Statutes, Ordinances, Lawes, Cuftomes, Ufages, or any other thing or things to the contrary thereof in any iVife notwithftanding.

XII.	Prouided alfo, and be it enafted by the authorise a- Sanctuary. forefayd, that all priuiledges of Sanctuaries heretofore vfed or claimed in manfion houses and other places commonly called Saint Johns hold, and all other Sanctuaries heretofore vfed in pny plage within this Realme, or in Ireland, which heretofore hath been belonging to any of the said Hofpitals, shall (land and be vtterly void and of none effeft, for or concerning any Sanctuary, priviledges of Sanctuarie, there to be had or vfed.

The priuiledges of common Churches and Churchyards, applied and vfed to Gods fervice, and burials of Chriftian people onely excepted.

XIII.	And be it also enafted by authority aforesaid, that all the said manors, mefes, lands, tenements, and all and (ingular pther pofleflions, priuiledges, liberties, franchifes, and other hereditaments, granted to the Kings majeftie by this Aft, (hall

be in the furuey, rule, order and gouernance of the Chancellor Suruey. and other minifters and officers of the Court of the augmentati- Augmenta-ons of the reuenijes of the Kings Crowne in like manner, forme, tion. fafhion, and condition, as the pofleffions of the land of the Abbies, Monafteries or Priories fuppreffed or furrendered be.

XIV.	And be it also enafted by the authority aforesaid, that 3II and euery such person and persons as be now confreres of the (aid Hofpitall or Hofpitals, and at this present time out of this Realme shall before the feaft of Pentecoft, which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God one thousand fiue hundred fortie and one, returne into the fame, and here perfonally present tb$mfelv$$ to Kings Majeftip, or to the Lord Chancellor of Eng-

APPENDIX.

land, the Lord Treafurer, the Lord Prefident of tha Kings Councell, and the Lord priuie Seale, or two of them for the time being at the leaft, both knowledging themfelues to be his highnefle true and loyall fubje&s, and declaring themfelvcs to be content willingly to obferue, keepe and maintaine all the Lawes and Statutes of this Rfcalme, as to good and true fuh-. ie&s apperteineth, or elfe the fame confrere or confreres, making default of such his repaire and prefentment as is beforefaid, {hall in no wife claime and enioy any penfion by vertue of thif ad, any thing in the fame conteined notwithstanding, vnleflc the person or persons fo making default of repaire ana appearance, can (hew and declare themfelues to haue been dfeteined, or by a neceflary meane impeached and letted of their will, pur-pofe, and defire to haue come hither and to have accompli fhei the whole contents of this Statute accordingly*

Anno primo EdwaRDI fextl.

Statutes made in the Parliament beguime at fVijhrtinfkt, the fourth day of Ndtember in tht first y&tt tif the Raigne of Edward the fixt, late King of EitgUtii) &c. and from thence continued to the 24. day of fie-tember then next enfuing, that is to fay in the first fion of the same Parliament as followeth.

CAP* III.

An Aft for the puniftimg of Vagabonds, and for the re* liefe of the poore and impotent perfons.

4 Tj'Orafmuch as idlenefle and vagabondrie is the mother and 4 JL* roote of all thefts, robberies and all euill a dies and other 4 mifehiefes, and the multitude of people giuen thereto hath * alwayes bene heere within this realme very great, and more 4 in number (as it may appeare) then in other regions, to tBe 4 great impoueriftunent of the Realme, and danger of the Kings 4 highnefle fubjeftsj the which idlenefle and vagabondry all the 4 Kings highnefle noble progenitours. Kings of this Kealme,

4 and this high Court of Parliament hath often and with great 4 trauell gone about and aflayed with godly Afts and Statutes 4 to reprefle; yet vntill this our time it hath not had thatfuc-9 cefle which hath bcene wifhed, but partly by foolifli pitiearid 4 mercie of them which fliould haue feene the said godly IaWes 4 executed, partly by the peruerfe nature and long accuftomed 4 idlenefle of the persons giuen to loytering, the said godly Sta-4 tutes hitherto haue had fmall effedt, and idle and vagabond V persons, being vnprofitable members, or rather enemies of the 4 common wealth, haue bene fuffred to remaine and increafe,

4 and yet fo doe, whom if they (hould be punifhed by death,

4 whipping, imprifonment, and with other corporall paine, it 4# were not without their deferts for the example of others, and 4 to the benefits of the common wealth, yet if they could be

4 brought

 L^ooQle

appendix.

c brought to be tftade profitable, and do feruice, it were much c to be wifiled and defired :* Be it therefore cnalted by the Kings highnefle, with the confent of the Loads fpirituall and temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament aflem* bled, and by authoritie of the same; first that all Statutes and A&s of Parliament heretofore made for the puniftiment of vagabonds and fturdie beggars, and all articles comprifed in the fame, {hall be from hencefoorth repealed, voyd and of none effect.

II.	Secondly, that whofoeuer after the first day of Aprill next following, man or woman being not lame, impotent, or fo aged, or difeafed with fickneflc, that hee or {he Cannot Worke, nor hauing lands or tenements, fees, annuities, or any other yeerely reuenues, or whereon they may finde Efficiently their liuing, shall either like a feruing-man wanting a mafter, or like a beg-ger, or after any such other fort be lurking in any house or houfes, or loitering, or idle wandering by the high wayes fide, or in ftreetes, cities, townes* or villages, not applying them-felues to fome honeft and allowed art, fcience, feruice, or labour, and fo doe continue by the fpace of. three dayes or more together, and not offer themfelues to labor with any that will take them, according to their facultie; and if no man, otherwise wU take them, do not offer themfelues to worke for meate and drinke, or after they bee fo taken to worke, for the fpace agreed betwixt them and their mafter, doe leaue their worke out of conuenient time, or runne away; that then euery such person shall bee taken for a vagabond, and that k Chad be lawfull for euery such mafter offering such idle person feruice and labour, and that being by him remfed, or who hath agreed with such ide perfon, and from whom within the fpace agreed of feruice, the said loiterer hath runne away, or departed before the ende of the couenant betweene them, and to any other person efpying the fame, to bring or caufe to be brought the said person fo Suing idle andloiteringly, to two of the next Juftices of the peace there refiant or abiding, who hearing the proofe of the idle liuing of the said person by the said fpace liuing idle, as before faid, ap-prooued to them by two honeft wknefles, or confeffion of the partie, {hall immediately caufe the fame loiterer to be marked with a hot iron in the bread, the marke of V. and adiudge the tame person liuing fo idle, to such prcfentour, to be his ftauer to haue and t6 holde the (aid flaue vnto him, his executours, or afiignes, for the fpace of two yeeres then next following, and to, order the said flaues as followeth ; that is to fay, to take such person adiudged a flaue with him, and onely giuing the said flaue bread and water, or fmall drinke, and such reffufe of meate as he shall thinke tneete, caufe the said flaue to worke by beating, cheining, or otherwife, in such worke and labour (how vile foeuer it bee) as hee shall put him vnto. And if any manner of flaue, either for loytering, or for the caufe before,re-hearfed fo adiudged, shall within the fpace of the said two yeeres heere appointed runne away, depart, or abfent him from his

faidf

 t^ooQie

APPENDIX,

(tide matter by the l^acs of foutteene dayes together,' Hyit&obtf licence: it lhaJLnpt onely bee hwfull to iiis faid matter to ptfr-fue and fetch him againe byvertue of this Ad, but alfo, tb puni(h such faulte by cheines or beating as is aforefaid: and a-gainft the deteinour, if any man doe wfllinglj deteine him, knowing him to be a flaue, as isaforefaid, to haue an Adtioo ofTrefpafle, and recouer thereby jn damages tenne pountWs, befides the codes and charges of the Ante for fo deteimng fur faide flaue. And further, euery such matter (hewing arid prtjbu-ing by two fufficient witneffes, the saide offence and fault by his running away before two Juftices of Peace of the same Countie, whereof the one to be of the Quorum, the fime Jofti-ces shall caufe such Slave, or loiterer to bee marked on tbe forehead, or the ball of the cheeke with an hot iron, with the fign of an S, that he may bee knowne for a loiterer and a runr av&y, and shall adiudge the loyterer and run away to be the fakf trailers flaue foreuer. And if such flaqe shall the second time runne away, or abfent himfelfe, if the said matter (halfapproove the fame second running away with two fufficient witnefles. before the Juftices of Peace, in their generalland quarter Seifions, then eufcry such faulte and funning away to be adiudged felonie and such loyterer and runne away to be taken as a felon, and thereof being lawfully indited and atteinted, or otherWife, condemned, to fuffer pames of death, as other felons ought to doe.

III.	Prouided alfo, and be it ena&ed by authoritie aforesaid, that no Clerke conuidted shall hereafter make his purgation, and vpon such purgation be deliuered, and fet at largd, othertoife, then is in this Statute hereafter exprefled.

IV.	And be it further enacted by authoritie aforesaid, that euery Clerke conuidt, or hereafter to‘be conuidted, which should by the order of the Law inioy the benefit of their purgation, shall and may from hencefoorth finde any man (if hee can) who lhall be bounde with two fufficient fureties to the ordinarie, in the fumme of twentie poundes to the Kings highnefle vfe, to reteine the said conuidt as his flaue, and to keepe the said per-fon fo conuidt for the fpace of one yeere then next following, that he shall not goe abroad, and at larges, and then the said conuidt shall be deliuered to the said person fo taking the fame1, and being bound, as is aforesaid, to be his flaue for one whole yeere then next following by vertue of this Adt, in all such trailer and forme, and to all such intents and purpofeS, and with' all such order, lawes, conditions and penalties for running aw£y, pr otherwife, as is aforesaid of a vagabond taken loytering, and made a flaue (burning in the bread onely except) and the or-k dinarie by the deliuery of the said conuidt to such person being bound, as is aforesaid, to be of the keeping pf the said danui& cleerely difeharged, and exonerated by vertue of this AS:

V.	And if fo be that the said Clerke fo conuidt cahribt titide any man to be bounde, as is aforesaid, to whom ht may bee adiudged a flaue in tbe (pace of one yeere; then at any time after the ende of one yeere after hi$ conuidtion, it (ha® tee law-v

full



APPEND! X.

full for the said Clerke conuift to make his purgation, as het might before this Statute, any thing in this prelent Aft to thd contrary notwithftanding.

*■ VJ. And when the Clerkes conuifted, or attainted by the € order of the Lawes of this Realme, cannot make their pur-1 < gat ion, and fliould perpetually by the fame remaine in pri-* c fon :* Bee it neuerthelcfle enaded by the authoritie aforefaid,

* that if there bee any manner of perfon, who will at any firtie demand the fame Clerke conuided, or atteinted, and be botmd to theOrdinarie with, two fufficient fureties, as is aboue written,; to keepe the fame as his flaue by the fpfcce of fioe yeeres then next following, that then the fame shall bee admdged his flaue1 for like fpace, with all such orders, lawes & penalties, for run~-nlng away, and other orders, as is before ex prefled of a vaga-1 bond, adiudged to any man for a flaue, (the burning in the breaft onely except) and vpon the adiudgement deliuered to fufti1 demandant, the Ordinarie from thenfefoorth of the keeping of such Clerke conuided or atteinted, clcerely exonerated, and dif-charged by vertue of this Ad.

4 V1L And foraftnuch as diuers women and men goe on

*	begging waifaring, of the which fome bee impotent and lame, c and fome able enough to labour, which doe carrie children a-c bout with them, feme foure or flue yeeres of age, or yonger'

4 or elder, which brought vpin idlenefle might be fo rooted in 4 it, that hardly they may be brought after to good thrift and 4 labour: or if any child aboue the age of flue yeeres, and vn-4 der the age of fourteene yeeres goe idle and wandering about

•	as a vagabond :* Be it enaded by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any manner of person will take any such chiWe, be it male or female, of, and from any such beggar being the mother thereof, nourifher, or keeper, whether they bee willing or not,1 or without any such nurfe, mother or keeper by himfelfe wandering, and bring the said child fo taken away before one of' the Conftables of the parifhj and two other honeft and dif-crecte neighbours witneffes, and before any Juftice of Peace there refiant and abiding, and promife to bring the fame child vp in fome honeft labour or occupation, till hee or fhee come to the age of twentie yeere6 the woman childe, or foure and tweritie the man childe: that then and immediately the said Juftice of Peace and Conftable shall adiudge by vertue of this ^d, the said child vnto the ages beforeYpecified, to be feruant9 or apprentices to the said perions fo taking & promifing to be vfed and ordered in all points according as the Law and cuftome qf this Realme is of feruants and apprentices, to what labour, occupation, or feruice foeuer the said Mafter shall appoint him, or her, during the said time. And if it shall fortune such childe fo adiudged to runne away, at any time once, or more times, from his or her Mafter, or Mafters, that then it shall be lawful! for euery such mafter to take the said child againe, and to keepe and punifh the said childe in chaines or otherwife, and vfe him-or her as his flaue in all points for the time before rebcarfed,.



$66

APPENDIX.

of the age of such childe, that is to (ay, till twentie the woman child, and the man child foure and twentie.

VIII.	Prouided alwayes, that any Matter, either of the men, or of the women foadiudged flaues, or of the children adiodged apprentices or feruants, may let, fet forth, fell, bequeath, or giuethe feruice and labour of such ttaues or feruants foadiudged, as is aforesaid, to any person or persons, to whomfoeuer he wilJ* vpon such condition, and for such time of yeeres, as the feid

^perfons bee adiudged to him for flaues, feruants, or apprentices, after such like fort and maner, as he may doe of any other his mooueable goods or chattels; and they for the said fpaceand time to be bound to all points and conftrudtions to fuch	done**

vendee, or cjjignee> as they were to tbeir first apprebenders and matters, by vertue of this Act.

IX.	Prouided alwayes, and bee ir enadled by authoritie afor-faid, that if any foch flaue or flaues, or children fo adiudged, shall at any time after such adjudgement, maime or wounde their Matters or Miftrefles, in refitting their correction or other-wife, or when they bee manumitted or fet againe free, or in the time of their feruice, shall confpire with any other, or by them-felues goe about to murder and kill, or to maime, wounde, or beate the saide Matter or Miftrefle, or any that was their Matter or Miftrefle, or to burne their houfes, barnes, or corne, fo that their intent come to an adt tending to the effed; that then euery such maime or wounde, or the going about to murder, kill, maime, wounde, or beate such person or persons, as bee, or were their Maitter or Miftrefles, or to burne their houfes, barnes, or corne, fo that their intent doe come to any adt tending to the fame effedl, as lying in waite with weapon, or any such like, shall bee accounted felonie, and they shall fuffer therefore paines of death, as in cafe of felonie, except that any such per-fon or persons, as bee, or had heene Matter or Miftrefle to any of them, or he refufiog any other, will take such person fo offending to their flaues, & then he or (he fo offending, to be adiudged to the person fo willing to take him or her fo offending flaue for cuer, and thereupon to be difeharged of the felony. The fame law and order to be had in all conditions if it should chaunce the father, mother, nurfe, or other the bearer about of the childe, or any other person or persons, to .fteale away such childe adiudged apprentice or feruant, that is, to be flaue to such apprentices or feruants matter, whofe apprentice or feruant was fo ftollen or intifed away, for euer, and the matter neuerthelefle to take and receiue his apprentice or feruant againe, as if the said taking away had never been done.

X.	Bee it also enadled by authorite aforefayde, that although there bee no man which shall demaund such loiterer or loiterers^ as before exprefled, into their feruice; yet neuerthelefs the Ju-ftice of Peace in that Gitie, Borough, Towne, or Hundred dwelling, if any such be, or elfe any other Juftice of Peace of the same Shire, and also there dwelling by his or their office, foall bcc hereafter bound by vertue o? this Adt, not onely to



APPENDIX.	367

Inquire of all such idle persons, but also if they Joe efpy any such vacabonds or idle perfon$, or if any such bee dete&ed, vn-» to them, tp examine him or her of the time of their vagabon-drie; and if it shall appeare to any Juftice of Peace, any such man or woman to haue beene a vagarant and vagabond or idle perfon, by the fpace as is aforefayde, to caufe the fame to bee marked on the breft with an V. made with an hot iron, and also to learne and inquire of him the Towne, Citic or Village wherein he was borne, and then shall immediately giue a writing m parchment, fealed with his feale to the fayde loiterer, of the tenor and forme which here infueth:

* A. B. Iuftice of Peace in the Cournie of S. to the Maior or A teftimonial c chiefe officer of the City of jp. (if it be a City) or to the Head-€ borough, Bailifc, or ConftabTe, or head officer of the towne of € Q:	it be a towne) or to the Conftable or Tithingman of the

4 village of C. (if it be a village) greeting. According to a moft 4 godly Statute, made in the nrft yereof the reigne of our foue-4 reign Lord King Edward the fixt, &c. We baue taken this 4 bearer /. AT vagarantly, and to the euil) example of others,,

4 without matter, feruke, or labour, whereby to get his lining,

4 going loitering rdlely about. And becaufe the fame faith, hee 4 was in C. in the County of S. whereof you are the head of-4 fker or Conftable : We haue fent him to you to be ordered,

4 according to the purport and of the same Statute

XT. And with this writing shall dcliuer the feme loiterer to the,

Conftables, or other head officer of the fayde City, Towne or Village, wherein such loiterer was taken, to bee fafely conueied by them to the next Conftable, and fo from Conftable to Con-ftables, and other head officers, till he or (he be brought to the place, the which he or (he hath named themfelves to bee borne, in, and'then to bedeliuered to the head officer or Conftable of that fame citie, borough or towne, village, hamlet, or parifh, there to bee nourifhed and kept of the same citie, towne, or village in chaines, or otherwife, either at the common workes, in amending high waies, or other common worke, or from man to man in order, till they which may beare bee equally charged, to bee (lauc to the corporation of the citie, or to the inhabitants of the towne or village, that hee or (hee were borne in, after all such forme, condition, fpace of yeeres, orders, punifhments for running awaie, and all others, as areexprefled of a common or priuate perfon, to whom any such loiterer is adjudged a flaue. And the fayde citie, towne, or village shall fee the saide flaue being able to labor, fet on worke, and not liue idlie within the saide precintfts, vpon peine for euerie such default that the said flaue doth liue idlie, by the default of the city, borough, towne, or village, by the fpace of three working rlaies together, the citic to forfeit flue pounds: a borough or towne incorporate fortie (hillings: and other towne or village twentie (hillings: whereof the one halfe to the King our Soue-

reigne



APPENDIX.

feign Lord, the other to him that will fue for the (amd, in any of the Kings Courts of Record, by bill, information, or a&icxi of debt, in such fuites no eflbine, wager of law, or protq&ion lhall be allowed.

XIL Provided and be it enafted, that the cjtie, towne, and borough corporate, by the confent of the more part of the corporation, and the towne and village not corporate by the confent of the more part of the inhabitants thereof, may fet, Jett or giue away, the right, title, and interest of the said flaue, to any other perfon, as any other common or priuate person may doe with his flaue, by the vertue of this a<ft.	t

XIII. Prouided alwaies and be it enabled, that if it fortune * when the said vagabond is brought to the said citie, towne, or village, where the said person faid he was borne, to appeare and be manifed that he or (he was not there borne; that then for such lie, the said vagrant shall bee marked in the face with an S. and be flaue tq the inhabitaunts, or corporation of the citie, towne, or village where the said vagrant faid he was borne in, for euer, upon such conditions and orders, in all points as of a flaue marked in the face is before exprefled: the fame law and order in all points to bee had of all vagarant persons and vagabonds, being borne in any other nation or countrie then in this Realm, as is before exprefled of Englijb idle persons (marking in the bred or face%onely excepted) that is to bee had to the next Port, and there to bee kept of the inhabitants of the feyde next Port in conuenient labour, and from idlenefle or otherwife, till they may bee conueyed ouer $ and then at the cofts of the inhabitaunts of the fayd Port, to bee conueyed ouer into their countries.

4 XIV. And forafnr.uch as there is many maimed and other-4 wife lamed, fore, aged, and impotent persons, which refort to 4 the City of London, and to other cities, townes, and villages,

4 on begging, which comming together and making a number,

4 doc fill the dreets or highwaies of diuers cities, townes, mar-4 kets and faires; who, if they were feparated might eafily bee 4 nouriftied in the townes and places wherein they were borne,

4 or where they were, or haue been mod conuerfant and abiding,

4 by the fpace of three yeeres.' Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforefaide, that all and Angular Maiors, Shirifs, Bai-lifs, Condables, or other head officers of any citie, towne, or hundred, to which such refort is or shall be, shall before the fead of tbe Purification of our Lady next following, fee all such idle, impotent, maimed, and aged persons, who otherwise cannot by their difcreiions bee taken for vagabonds, which were borne within the said citie, towne, or hundred, or haue been there mod conuerfant and abiding, by the fpace of three yeeres,

-as is aforefayde, and now decayed, bellowed and prouided for of tenantries, cottages, or other conuenient houses to bee lodged in, at the cods and charges of the layde cities, townes, boroughs, and villages, there to be relieued and cured by the de-uojion of the good people of the fayde citie, borough, towne,.

or



3$9

APPENDIX.

or village. And that they .doe not fuflfer after the time before rehearfed, any other then such as either were borne, or haue been for the moft part connerfant or abiding, by tHe fpace afore-iaide, in the said citie, borough, village, or townc, to remain© and beg abroad within the precinds of inch cities, townes, viU lagc$* qr hundreds, .vpon peine that cuerie such Maior** Shi-rifles and Bailiffes, Conftable, or other officer, by what name fpeuer hee bee called, fuffertng any persons to beg within the precind of his or their such iurifdidion, other then is before rehearfed, for euery three days shall forfeit ten (hillings to wbom-foeuer will fue therefore, by bill, information* or action of debt*

In anyeourt of record, in which fuites no efloine, wager of law nor protedion (hal be allowed.

XV.	And for the better performance hereof, bee it ena&ed by the authority aforefayde, that the Maior of the citie of Lott-don, and all other Maiors, Bailifs, Shirifs, Conftables, and other head officers of euerie Citie, and Towne corporate, doe with ail conuenkot fpeed by themfelues, or by their fufficient deputies by them appointed, before the feaft of the Purification next comming; and fo from time to time, every moneth once, make

a view and examination of aged, impotent, and lame perfona ' and beggers, as be within the precind of their iurifdidion, and fee all fudh as w£re not borne, not hath been for the moft part conueriant and abiding there by the fpace of three yeeres complete, conueied on horfebacke, cart, or chariot, or otherwife* as shall feeme by their diferetions to the next Conftables, Sc they to conuey the. fame to the next Conftables, and fo from Conftables to Conftables, till the saide persons be brought ta the place where they were borne or moft conuedant and abiding* as is aforesaid, there to be prouided for, kept, and nouriftied of alms, as is aforesaid, vpon the peine that euery such Maior* Shiriffe, orConftable, Head boro ngh, or Head officer, not making view, nor fending orconueying away, not;receiuing or not prouiding, as is beforeappointed, according to the true purport , or meaning of this ad, to forfeit for euery such default lx. shillings, whereof the one halfe to be to the Kings vfe, the other to the partie that will fue therefore in any of the Kings courts of Record, by bill, information, or adion of debts, in the which fuites no efloine, wager of law, nor protedion (hal be allowed.

XVI.	Prouided alwaies, that if any of the said aged, maimed* or impotent persons of the Cities, Townes, or Villages where they were borne in, or had their moft abiding as is aforefaid* bee not fo lame or impotent, but that they may worke in fome manner of worke, that then such Citie, Towne,VParr4h, or Village, doe eyther in common prouide fome such worke for them as they might bee occupied in, or appoint them to such as will finde them worke for meat and drinke. And if they re-fafe of wilfulnefle and ftubbomeneffe to worke, or doe runne away and beg in other places, then to punifh the fame according to their diferetions, with chaining, beating, or otherwife, as shall feeme to them conuenient. And for the more further-

Voi, XXIII.

8b

ante



3/0

A P P £ N D 1 X.

ance of tfae reliefe of such as are in vnfained miferie, and to whom charitie ought to be extended : Bee it ena&ed by autho* ritie aforefayde, that cuerie Sunday and Holiday sifter the reading of the Gofpe|l of the day, the Curate of euerie Parifh doe make (according to such talent as God hath given him) a godly and briefe exhortation to his Parifhoners, rauuing and exciting them ' to remember the poore people, and thedutie of Chriftian. charitie, in relieuing of them which be their brethren in Chrift, borne in the fame Parilh, and needing therr hdpe.

XVII.	Prouided alwaies, that if it shall chance any such ad-judged apprentice, fervant, or flaue, as is before rehearfed, to haue inheritance defcended vnto him, or hir, or any other waies* by the Lawes of this Realm, Ward, or Bondman, or Neife of bioud, by, or from any of his aunceftors, to any peribn or persons, that then it (halbe lawfull to any person or persons, to whom any such Ward, Bondman, or Neife shall apperteine, to take and feife fiich Wards, Bondmen, or Neifes, and them to returne and keepe as their Wards, Bondmen, or Neifes. And the (aid Wards, Bondmen, and Neifes (halbe difcharged of the said flauery or other feruitudeor bondage aboue rehearfed : this ftatute or any thing therein conteined to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And also be it ena&ed, that if any such feruant, apprentice, flaue, or flaues, which shall haue at any time heer-after any aduancement or liuing, accrue, come, or growe vnto him, or any of them, whereby hee or they may haue a oonuc-nient liuing, that then and from thenceforth hee or they fo being aduanced, to bee difcharged of their flauerie, feruitude and bondage: this or any thing therein conteined to the contrarie in any wife notwithftanding. And if any woman being a Tenant apprentice, or flape, as is aforefayde, being married within the age of twenty yefes without aflent of her mafter, vntil (he (haU accomplish and £ome to the said age of twenty yeres, only ex-ccpted.

XIX.	Be it alfoena&ed, That all leprous and poore bedred

creatures whatfoeuer they bee, may at their owne libertie remaine and continue in such houses appointed for leprous or bedred peo-ple, as they now be in, and shall not be compelled to repaire into any other countries or places by vertue of this aft: any thmjg therein conteined to the contrary notwithftanding. And that also it shall bee lawfull vnto the fayde leprous and bedred people, .for their better reliefes, to appoint their pro&or or pnxftors* fo there be not appointed aboue the number of two persons, for any one house of leprous, bedred people, to git her the charitable almes of all such inhabitants as fhal be within the compafle of foure miles, of any of the said houses of leprous and bedred perfons.	,

XX.	And bee it ordeined and ena&ed by the authoritit aboue-faide. That it shall bee lawful] to euerie perfon, to whom any peribn in forme abouefaid, shall bee adiudged a flaue, to put a ring of iron about his necke, arrae, or his leg, for a more

know*



APPENDIX.

Knowledge and furetie of the keeping of him. And that If any person or persons doe take, or helpe to take any such bond of iron from any such flaue, that then euerie perfonsfo doing, without licence or aflentof his mafter, shall forfeit for eueryiuch default ten pounds sterling.

XXI.	Bee it further enacted, That this present a<5t shall before the first day of March next comming, bee operily proclaimed m euerie Citie, corporate Town, and market Towne, vpon the market daie: and also from thenceforth shall yerely be read in euerie Shire openly, in two generall quarter Semons of Peace, that is to fay, at the generall quarter Seflions next after Mid-fummerj and the generall quarter Seflions next after Chrijlmajfe% to the intent that euerie person may haue knowledge thereof, and that this aft shall indure vnto the end of the next Parliament.

XXII.	Prouided alwaies and bee it enabled. That it shall bee lawfull to the Lord Chaunceller of England, or to the Lord Keeper of the great Seale for the time being, at their difcretions to grant commiflion vnder the great Seale of England, to euerie or any person or persons, that hath or shall haue his ot their noufes or barnes burnt, of such lofles, to gather the relrefe and charitie of others for their ayde and helpe of his or their lofles, decay, or hinderance, as in time hath pad beene vfed: any thing conteined in this a& notwithftanding.

Anno tertio £s? quarto EdwaRDI fexti.

ACTS made in the Seflion of Parliament holden vpon Prorogation at JVeftminfter, on the fourth day of November, in the third yeere of the reigne of our late Soueraigne Lord Edward the fixt late King of England* and there continued and }cept vntil the first day of February in the fourth yeere of the reigne of the said King, as fol* loweth.

CAP. XVI.

An A£t touching the punifhment of Vagabonds and other idle Perfons.

€ T70RASMUCH as it is notorioufly feene and knowen,

*	S} that Vagabonds and Beggers doe daily increafc within this r the Kings highnefle Realme into very great numbers, chiefely

*	by occafion or idlenes, mother and root of all vices, whereby

*	doe infiie continuall thefts, murders, cofifyiracies, and other

*	fundry heinous offences, and partly for that the good and

*	wholefome lawes and Statutes of this Realme, hath not beene 4 put in due execution, and partly alfo, by reafon of the mul-4 titude of the same (the extreamitie of fome whereof haue beene

*	occafion that they haue not beene put in vre) therefore, and

Bb 2	4	foe

. 30gle

Repcale.

Confirmation*

APPENDIX*

f for diners good confiderations it is enadfed by "the King cftir 4 Souereigne Lord, with the affent of the Lords Spiritual! and 4 Temporall, and the commons in this prcfent Parliament a£-4 fembled, and by the authorise of the same :* That the Sta-tute made in the first yeere of the Kings highnes moft noble reigne concerning idle persons and Vacabonds in cenaine cafes, to be made flaues and fo forth, and all and euery article, matter, prouifo, branch, and fentence therein contained, shall be from hencefoorth vtterly repealed, made fruftrate, voide, and of none effedh

' II. And that the Statute concerning how aged impotent persons (hould be ordered for their better reliefe, and how'Vacabonds and ftrong Beggers (hould be punifhed, made in the xxii. yeere of the late King of moft famous memorie King Henrie the eight, and euery matter, article, prouifo, branch, and fentence therein contained, to be from hencefoorth reuiued, made good, and ftand in full ftrength and vertue, and shall continue and remaine a perfect adt of Parliament for euer.

III.	And be it therefore enadted by the authoritie aforefayd. That all Juftices of peace, and euery of them within the limits of their commiffion, and the Maiors, Shiriffes, Bailiffes, and other officers within their feueral rules and offices, shall within their feueral limits afTemble together and make their feueral df-uifion, according to the purport and effedt of this adt, at the next generall quarter feflions of the peace to be holden after the feaft~of Eajiir next to come, for the due, fpeedy and diligent execution of the same adl. And that if any such aged or impotent person after the feaft of Eafier next to come, mall offend contrary to this Statute, that then the fayd offendor shall be vfed and punifhed, as in the fame Statute of the two and twentieth yeere of King Henrie the eight is provided. And that before the feaft of Eafter no puniftiment shall be put in execution againft any such impotent, lame, and aged perlon, but only by the diferetion of the next Juftice of peace of the same Shire where such an offendor shall be apprehended, any thing in the fayd Ad to the contrarie notwithftanding.

IV.	And for the auoiding of the idle loitering of common labourers of husbandry within this Realme: be it enadted by the authoritie aforefayd, That such common labourers, being persons able in body, vfing loitering, and refufingto worke for such reafonable wages as is moft commonly given in the partes where such persons shall dwell, shall bee for euery such time as lie or they refiife to labour, hauing reafonable wages, as is afore-fayd, adiudged Vacabonds, and (nail be punifhed as ftrong and mighty Vacabonds, in such maner and forme as is declared in the fayd ad of two and twentith againft vacabonds. And touching maimed* lamed and fore, aged and impotent persons, which reforte to the Citie of London, and to other Cities, Townes and villages on begging: Bee it enadfed by the authoritie aforefayd. That all and Angular Maiors, Shiriffes, Bailiffes, Conftables, or other head officers of any Citie* Towne or village, to which

Digitized

; by 

371

APPENDIX.

-filch refort is, or shall be, (ball before the feaft of the Purification of our Lady next following, fee all such idle, impotent, maimed, and aged persons who otherwise cannot by their dif-cretions be taken for vacabortds, which were borne within the fayd Citie, Towne or village, or haue beene there moft cornier-fand abiding by the fpace of three yeeres, and now decaied, be-ftowed and prouided for, of the Tenantries, Cottages, or other conuenient houses to be lodged in, at the cofts and charges of the fayd Cities, Townes, Boroughs, and villages, there to Jit relieued, and cured by the deuotion of good people of the fayd Citie, Borough, Towne or village, and that they doe not faffer after the time before rehearfed, any other then such as either were borne, or hath been for the moft part conuerfant, or abid* ing by the fpace of three yeeres, as is aforefayd in the fayd Bo* rough, Towne, or Village, to remaine and beg abroad within the precindfcs of such Cities, Townes, Villages, or Boroughs, Except it be such as haue letterr, or are authorifed orlictnfed by forte of this Aft: Upon paine that euery such Maiors, Sbiriffes, and fiailiffes, Conftable, or other head officer, by what name foeuer he be called, fuffering any person to beg within the precindt of his or their such lurifdidtion, other then is before rehearfed, for euery three daies shall forfeit ten shillings, to whom foeuer will foe therefore, by bill, information, or Adiion of debt, in any Court of record, in the which fates, no Eftbine, nc wager of law, or protection shall be allowed for the defendant,

V.	And be it further enacted by the authorise aforefayd. That the Maiorof the Citie of London, and all other Maiors, BailifiFes, Shiriffes, Conftables, and other head officers of euery Citie, Borough, or Towne corporate, and of euery other Towne and Village, doe with all conuenient fpeede by themfelues or their fufficient deputies, before the feaft of the Purification of our Lady ndxt comming, and fo from time to time euery moneth once, make a view and examination of aged, impotent, and lame perfous, beggers, as be within the precindt of their iurifididions, and fee all such as were not borne nor haue beene for the moft part conuerfant and abiding by the fpace of three yeeres complete, or haue not letters, and authorifed or licenfcd by the force of this Statute, conueied on horfeback. Cart, or other-wife, as shall feem by theirdiferetions, to the next Conftables, and they to conueie the fame to the next Conftables, and fofrom Conftable to Conftable, till'the fayd persons be brought to the place where they were borne, or moft conuerfant and abiding, as is aforefayd, there to be prouided for, kept and nouriihed of Aimes, as is aforefayd, vpon the paine that euery such Maior, Shiriffe or Conftable, headborough, or other head officers, not making view, nor fending or conueying away, nor receiuing or not prouiding, as is before appointed, according to the true purport or meaning of this Adi, to forfeit for euery such default ten shillings, whereof the one halfe shall be to the Kings vfe, the other to the party that will fue thereforein any of the Kings Courts of record, by bill, information, Adtion of debt, in the

Bb 3	which.

r

4 I P B N 19 I X,

which fut«$, no Eflome, wager of law, or Protedion fhallb# allowed for the defendant.

VI.	Propided alwaies, and be it enaded by the authoritie aforefayd, That if any of the fayd aged, maimed, or impotent persons, of the Cities, Townes, or villages where they were borne in, or had their mod abiding, as is aforefayd, be not fo Jame or impotent, but that they may worke in feme miner of worke: that then fuchCitie, Towne, Pajilh or Village, doe either in common prouide feme such worke for them, as they may be occupied in, or appoint them to such as will find them worke for meate and drinke. And if they refufe of wilfulneffe and ftubbomefle to worke, or do runne away and beg in other places, then to punifh the fame according to their diferetions, with docking, beating, or otherwise as shall feeme conuenient.

VII.	Be it also enaded by the authority aforefayd. That all leproufe and poore bedred creatures, whatfoeuer they be, may at their owne Hberty remaine and continue in such houses as are appointed for leproufe or bedred people, as they now be in, and shall not be compelled to repaire into any other Countries qr places byvertueof this Ad, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithdanding. And that also it shall be lawful unto the fayd leproufe and bedred people, for their better relief to appoint their prodor or prodors, fo there be not appointed aboue the number of two persons, for any one house of leprofie or bed-red people, to gather the charitable almes of all such inhabitants, as shall be within the compatfe of foure miles of any of the feyd houses of leproufe and bedred people.

VIII.	Prouided alwaies, and be it ensyded by the authorise aforefayd, That it shall be lawfull to the Lord Chancellor of England^ or Lord Keeper of the great feale for the time being, at their diferetions to grant commifiion vnder the great feale of England^ to euery or any person or persons, that l>ath, or shall haue his or their houses or barnes burnt, or such Ioffes, or to such as be or shall be leproufe persons, to gather the reljef and charitie of others for their relief, or for their aid, and helpe of his or their Ioffes, decay, or hinderance, as in time pad hath been vfed, any thing in this Ad notwithdanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authorise aforesaid, "That all and euery Statute and Ad of Parliament made for pu-nifhment of vacabonds, (laues, aged and impotent persons, or any of them, and euery Article, fentence, clause or provifo, therein contained, other then this present Ad and Statute made,

7 and the fayd Ad made in the said two and twentith yeere, shall be from henceforth vtterly void, repealed, and of no effed or force.

4 X. And forafmuch as diuers men and women going on 4 begging, impotent and lame, and fome able inough to labour, *4doe carry children about with,them of tender age, and fome 4 of four, fiue or fixe yeeres of age, or yonger, or elder, which 4 being once brought vp in idlenefie, will hardly be brought af-• ter to any good kind pf labour, paine, traucll or feruice



APPENDIX.

Be it enoAqd by the authorise aforefeyd, That if aoych&j sboue the ige of fiue yeeres, and vnder the age of fourteene, go about wandering, as is aforelayd, or elfe alone, in cafe any maner person that is able to keep any such phild, will takejt, be it male or female, of and from any such begger being the father or mouther thereof, nouriftieror keeper, whether they be willing.at hot, or without any such NurflTe, father, mother or keeper, by him or her felfc wandring, and bring such child fo taken, before one of the ConftaWes of the Parilb, where the child shall fo fortune to be taken vp, and at the next general] quarter Seffions to be holden in the Shire next to tbe place where the fayd tak* ing vp shall fortune to be, present the fame in the pretence of the fayd Conftable, before the Jufticesof peace at the fame Seflions, and there in open Seflions promife to bring the fame child vp in fome boned labourer occupation till tbe womanchilde come to the age of fifteen yeeres and the roan child to the age ofesgh'* teen yeeres, if the Maifter or Miftrefle shall chance fo long to liue, that then and immediately the fayd Juftices of peace by their diferetion shall adiudge by vertue of this A<ft, the fayd child vnto the ages before fpecified, to be teruant or feruants to the fayd person or peribns, fo taking and promiiing, as is afbrefaid, inch pfiild to be vted and ordered, in all points according as the law and cuftorpe of the Realme is of feruants without wages, ta what labour, occupation, or feruice foeuer the fayd taker vp, or Maifter or Miftrefle shall appoint him or her, during the fayd tearme, and the fayd iudgement shall be entered by tho Clearke of the peace in the fayd Seflions in forme following:

4 TV/TEMORANDUM, That at the Seflions of the peace 4 JLVJL holden at W, the day, &c. One I. B. of the Towne of f L. had deliuered to him, according to the formeof the Statute 4 in that cate prouided B, T. efteemed to be of the age of feauen 4 or eight yeeres, to be ordered according to the forme of th* f fayd Statute.*

XI.	And if it shall fortune such child foadiudged to runn away at any time, once, or more times, from his, or her Maifter or Miftrefle, that then it shall be lawfull for euery such Maifter or fyliftrefle, to take the fayd child againe, and to keepe and punifh the fayd child in the ftockes, or otherwise by diferetion, or other-wife at the liberty of such Maifter or Miftrefle, to haue a warrant from any Jqftice of peace in the fame Shire where the child fq runns away, for such child running away, or going away, as> is prouided by the Statute of labourers, for such feruants as de-* part away from their Maifter or Miftrefle, without a reafonable * caufe before the end of their tearm.

XII- And that euery Juftice of peace shall by force of this haue authoritie and power, to nuke such warrant againft euery such person fo going, and running away, in like forme as they or any of them may doe againft any feruant departing out of his Maifters feruice without licenfe, or reafoqabh; caufe, and

Bb 4	by

APPENDIX.

by faros 6f the (ante wafrant, the child To running or gbin® fcway, to betaken and ordered in euery degree, as is prouided by the fayd Statute of labourers for ferttants departing4 out of their Maifter or Miftrefle feruice, as b aforefayd.	i

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authentic aforefayd. That if, and as often as it shall chance the father, mother, nurfle, or other bearer about of the child, or any other perTon, or persons, to fteale, or intife away any such child, adiudged for a feruant, as is aforefayd, that then, and ib often it shall be lawful! for themaifter, or miftrefle of the same child to be at,-his or their liberty, to take an Action vpon the Statute of labourers, againft euery luch perfonfo dealing, or intifing away such child as Jie or they might haue, by reafon of the said Statute for labourers, againft him, or them that retaines any mans feruant out of his feruice, before the end of the fayd tearme, or elfe to take an Adion of Trefpafle againft such offendor, in which A&ion hew shall rccouer his dammages, and treble coftes of his fute.

XIV.	Prouided alwaies, and be it ena&ed by the authoririe aforefayd. That if the Maifter, or Miftrefle, to whom such child as is aforefayd shall be adiudged to be feruant, be vnrea-fonable in ordering, and bringing vp of such child, that then at all times vpon complaint made at the generall quarter Seflions of the peace, in the Countie where the fayd child shall be by two honeft neighbours of the same place, or Townc where tie laid child shall fortune to be fo vnreafonably ordered, if it shall appeare by honeft witnefie to the Juftices of peace at the fame Seflions that the complaint thereof made shall be true, then the Juftices of peace at their generall Seflions in the fame Shire, where such complaint shall be made, shall by vertue of this AA baue authorise and power to difeharge the fayd child from his or their vnreafonable maifter, or miftreife, and appoint the fame to* fome other honeft maifter, or miftrefle, vnto the fayd ages, to be ordered in euery degree as the fayd child Aould haue beene with h s former maifter or miftrefle* and that order, and appointment

* to be written in the Booke of the Clearke of the peace, for the which entrie the said Clearke of the peace shall haue foure pence for his labour, and not aboue, and in like mSner shall have (cure pence and not aboue, for the first entrie of thechild to be feruant, as isaforefayd, to be payd by the maifter,or miftrefle of the fayd child.

XV.	Prouided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authorise aforefayd* That if the woman child to be appointed a feruant, as is aforefayd, te married afore her age of 15. yeeres, that then bv that marriage, (he shall be difeharged of feruice. This »<5t or any thing therein contained to the contrarie notwithftjmdmg.

.XVI. Prouided alwaies, and be it enadted by the authorise aforesaid, That all and euery vacabond, or begger, being borne in any other nation, orCountrie then within this Realtne, shall in maner, and forme aforefayd, and vpon the forfeitures* and penalties before mentioned, bee conueyed from place to place, or to the place, or marches next adioyping* to his or their na« tiuc epuntrie, or to the next Port, if there be a fea betweerne this Real me, and his or their (aide countries, there to be kept

APPENDIX.	gtf'

of the inhabitants of the fafcl next Port, io conuenient labour from idknefse, or otherwHe till they may be conueyed oner, and then at the cofts of the inhabitants of the said Port, ifthenv-felues shall nothaue wherewith, to be conueycd ouer rntp their natiue countries.

' Annodecimo tertio Regina ELIZABETHS.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Wcftminftery the second day of Aprils in the thirteenth year or the reign of our moft gracious fovereign Lady Elizabeth by the grace of God, of England\ France, and Ireland,

Queen, Defender of the Faith, and there continued until the diflolution of the same, to the high pleafore of Almighty God, and the weal publick of this realm.

CAP. XVIII.

An all for bringing of the Riuer of Lee, to the Nortbjide of the Citie of London\

FORASMUCH as it is perceiued by many, grave and wife men, afwell of the Citie of London, as of thj Countrey, that it were very commodious and profitable, both for the Citie and the • Countrey, that the River of Lee, otherwise called Ware River, might be brought within the land, to the North part of the fayd Citie of London, the fame to be cut out of the fayd River, in the moft apt eft and meet eft place of the fayd Riuer of Lee, to haue from Further im. thence the leading and pajfage of the fayd water, thorow such a con -nenient and meete cut, as may fcrue for the navigation of Barges and ** ' 3 other vejfels for the carriage and conveying afwell of all Merchandifes, come, and victuals, as other necejfaries, from the Towne of Wan, and all other places neere the said Riuer, vnto the fayd Citie of London, and from the fayd Citie, to the fayd places, and the Towne of Ware, and also for lilt botes and Whirries, for conveying of the Queenes fubiefls to and fro, to their great eafe and eommoditie. In confederation of the premijfes, and of diuers fundry commodious, profitable, and beneficiall caufcs, which are like to infue to the bodievf this common wealth, and Jo inciiently to many particulcr perfons: Be it ena&ed by the Queenes moft excellent Maieftie, with the af-fentof the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the commons in this present Parliament aflembled, and by the authorise of the same. That it shall be lawfull to the Lord Maior, Com-minaltie, and Citizens of the Citie of London, and their fuc-ceflors, at any time or times hereafter, to beginne and continue the laying out of such conuenient limits of ground, for the making of the trench for the fayd Riuer, at such breadth* as to them and their deputies and workemeft shall be feene convenient and meete for the fame, and in that place that thfey (hill find to be moft apt and meete for that purpofe, to h«uc, ^take.

/*



APPENDIX,

and uft for the purpofe abouefayd, such and lb much ground* during, and by all the length as the feyd new Channel, cut, or Riuer, shall pafie, as shall be requifite for the oonueying of the fayd water, and also fifty or threefcore foote, in bredth on each fide of the fayd Riuer, by all the length of the feme : lb alway that they doe not in any one place, take in breadth both in Channel and m ground on both the fides of the water, above the breadth of eisht fcore foot in all, which conuenient breadth of ground on both (ides, is thought needfull to be had : for that ground and foile of neceffitie muft be occupied on both fide* of the fayd Riuer, afwell for the laying of the earth that shall be caft out of the fayd trench, to ferue in the lower grounds, and efpecialty neere the fayd Riuer, to make fubftantiall bankes for the preferuation and keeping of the Countrey from innunda-tionjs when the flud* shall arife, as alfb for way to pafie with tronkes and carts, which muft carry away the grauell and other earth, in very great auantity from tne hils, whereas the cut mull be very deepe, to such places as shall be conuenient, to helpe to make up the fayd banker and otherwise to beftowe the tame: and also for that when it shall pleafp God that the fame shall be brought to pafie and full effedt, that the whole ground on both fides of the fayd Riuer, may lie in one leuill from the (ayd Citie pf London, to that place where the said Riuer or trench lhati haue his beginning out of the maine Riuer of Lee, and to the end alfo, that in all places within that limit and diftance, all people may with great eafe and commoditie goe in and out of their Tikebotes, and other vefiels yrhatfoeuer without perils and fo walke by foote, as long as it shall pleafe them, and also that the Bargemen may vpon the fame ground without offend? ing any other, draw their vefiels from place to place alongft the fame, as of like they shall be driuen to doe qgajol!' the ftreame, being loden.

II.	And be it enaded. That the (ayd Maior, Corpipinaitie, and Citizens, and their (uccefibrs for ever, shall liaue the (aiq ground alongft all the (ayd whole length, for such compofition as they shall make with the Lords, owners, and occupiers of the foile and ground.

III.	Prouidid alwaytSj and be it ena&ed, That if hi the new cut, there happen any breaches, innundations, or hurts, the Maior and Citizens ot London, shall ftop the breaches at their owne charges, and fo maintaine them from time to time.

IV.	And be it also ena&ed. That the fayd Lord Maior,

Comminaltie, and Citizens, shall have the whole jurifdi&ion, cooferuice, rale, and gouernment, afwell of the fayd new cut Riuer, and ground of each fide, as also the roy&Uie of the fi(h, and filhing of the same, and profits of the said ground, foile, and water, to them and their fucceflors for euer: and also shall have authorise to punifh afwell all such tranfgrefiors as shall of&nd in the breaking of foch good orders as shall be hereafter made, for such of the Queenes Maiefties fubie&s as shall haue occafiou to trauele and pafie by the lame new cut Riuer, as also * .	euery

$99

APPENDIX,

euery other person and persons which (Kali breaks such eoo and wholefome rules and orders, as shall he prouided and or. dained for the prefervation, keeping, and maintaining of the fayd Riuer, and euery part thereof.

V.	And further be it ena$ed> that the fheriffes and Juftices of the peace, and such other as it shall pleafe the Lord Chaun~ cellor, or Lord Keeper of the great Seale to put in Commiffion for the fame, afwell of Middlelcx, Eflex, as of Hartford Shire, or the more of them, by their difcretions. shall at the softs and charges of the Countrey, after that the fayd new cut shall bo made and finithed, caufe the fame from such place whereas the said new cut shall beginne, vntp the Towne of War*, alongft the said Riuer, to be fufficiently clenfed of aft the (helfes and (hallowes, and to bring the fame to a cunuenient deapthinali places, for the paflage of Barges, Tiltboats, and other veflels, m as good and conuenient d^pth all th? way of the same, as shall be made and continued in the afortfaid new riuer by the Maior, Cotpmonaltie, and Citizens of the fayd Citie of London, and (o to continue the fame from time to time, vpon the peines therefore to be limited, and leuied by the difcretions of the said Commiflioners, or the more part of them. And alfo

. that all other buildings, and ohftacles, (landing in or vpon the fayd Riuer, which may be founde impeachments or lettes to this good worke, may oe remoued and taken away, to the endt that this may hep a good and perfite work, and by the grace of God to such good effect and commoditie, as is hoped and looked for.

VI.	Prouided alway, and be it enabled. That this Adi shall not extend to take away any building, locke, or obftacle, which by the said commiflioners, or the more part of them, shall be thought not to hinder the paflage of Boats or veflels, by and through the said River.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That the Maior, Commin-altie, and Citizens of London, shall make and mainteine at their cods and charges, such fufficient hedges and fences, as shall be requifite betweene the grounds fo by them to bee taken to the vfe aboue faid, and the grounds of other owoers, and also conuenient bridges and wayes,, for the paffage of the Qucencs fub-iedts and their carriages.

VIII.	Prouided alyjaiei, end be it further enabled by the authorise aforesaid, That the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the great Seale of England for the time being, shall and may by his diferetion, and at the requeft of the said Lord Mayor, Comminaltie, and Citizens for the time being, appoint and au^ thorize by commiflion, vnder the great Seale of England, fixteene Commiflioners, whereof foure to be of the fayd Citie of London , and the other twelve to be of the Counties adjoyning to the fayd Riuer of Lee: vidz* foure of euery of the Shires, of Eflex, Middlesex, and Hartford Shire, and euery of the said twelue having lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the d£ert yeerely value of fortie Marks on tt)e fame Shires, or fome of

them*



APPENDIX,"

them, and not beeing Citizens of London, vfing the trade of merchandise: which fixteerve Commiflioners, or the-more number of them, shall hauc full power and lawfull authorities to treat, agree, and compound with such numbers of freeholders and inhabitants of the said Counties, as to their difcretions shall fceme meete and conuenient, for the fcowring, clenfiog, repairing, and keeping of the said riuer of Lee, from such place whereas the said new riuer or cut shall haue the beginning, vnto the said towne of Ware, in such fort as that the fame may be nauigable for Boats, Barges, and other veflels.

IX.	And further be it enacted. That vntill, or before such order or meanes bee deuifed and agreed vpon, by the said Com-tniflioners, and the said commiflion returned into the high Court of Chancerie, it shall not bee lawfull to the said Lord Maibr, Citizens, and Corominaltie, to put the said digging, trenchfng, or new cutting of the fayd river in execution, nor to cut or tak$ in any ground by force of this Statute : any thing in this a& to the coritrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enatfed. That the Maior, Citizens, and Cotmninaltie of London, shall not by vertue of this Act, take any mans ground, vntill he haue compounded with the owners of the same ground : and shall within ten yeeres next after the end of the Seflion of this Parliament, cut and finifli the fame.

XI.	Prcuided always and bee it enabled. That all the Queenes iubie&s, their boats and veflels, shall have free paflage through the fayd riuer, afwell the new cut, as the olde riuer, without interruption or moleftation, by reafon of, or for his or tter paflage, as in other common riuers and waters they lawful may doe.

XII.	Provided always That this Law shall not extende to make the fayd riuer to be clenfed, otherwise then any persons be or /hall be compellable by the law, or by the Statute of Sewers, to clenfe the faihe.

XIII.	Presided ojfo, and be it enabled. That if any person shall refufe to be reafonably compounded with, for ground to be taken in for the said new cut and bankes: then the said xvi. Commiflioners, or the more part of them, shall appoint and determine the compofition and bargaine betweene both the parties, and the fatisfa<5Hon for such ground, and all wayes, bridges, and other things to the fame parteining.

XIV.	Prouided ahvey, and be it further enabled, That if the said new cut shall bee the meane and occafion that any #nilles beneath or aboue the beginning of the said new cut, shall be by vertue of this A6t deftroyed, or the profite thereof decayed by want of water : then the saide Lord Mayor, Comminaltie, and Citizens of London, fhal! yeclde and pay to the owners of such milJes fo decayed, and to such persons as shall haue any detrir ment, or lofse by such decay, such reafonable rccompence in money or yeerly rent, or otherwife, as the said fixteene Com-puffioners, or other fixteene Commiflioners in like fornr.e to be

chorer*

 * 3Qie

A P P E N D I X.	3$*

chofen and authorized, or any twelue of them, fhafll determine and appoint. And that such owners, their heires, and aflignes, fhali haue such reafonable remedie, by a6tion of debt, or di-ftrefse, or otherwise to recouer, haue, and obteine the said re-compence, as the Lord Chancellor, or Lttfd Keeper of the great fealeof England for the time being, together with thefcid fmeene Commiffioners, or With any twelue of them, shall ap--point: any thing in this A6t to the contrary notwithftariding.

Anno tricesimo nono Regina Elizabeths.

A T the Parliament begun and holden at Weftminfier% the four and twentieth day of O3ober, in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of our mod gracious Sovereign Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England* France* and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, (Ac, and there continued until the diflolution thereof, being the ninth of February next following, one thousand five hundred ninety Seven; to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and the weal publick of this realm.

CAP. III.

An A3 for the reliefe of the pore.

BE E it enabled by the authority of this present Parliament, That the Churchwardens of euery parifh, and fourefubftantiall houfeholders there being Sqbfidie men, or for want of Subfidie men, foure other fubftantiall houfeholders of the said parifh, who shall be nominated yeerelyin Eafterweeke, vnder thehana and Seale of two or more Juftices of the peace in the fame County, whereof one to be of the Quorum* dwelling in, or neere the fame parilh, shall be called ouerfeers of the poore of the same parifh, and they or the greater part of them shall take order from'time to time, by, and with the confent of two or more such Juftices of peace, for fetting to worke of the children of all such whofe parents shall not by the said persons be thought able to keepe and mainteine their children. And also all such persons married or vnmarried, as hauing no means to mainteine them, vfe no ordinary and dayly trade of life to get their lruing by, and also to raise weekely or otherwise (by taxation of euery inhabitant, and euery occupier of lands In the said parifh, in such competent fum and fums of money as they shall think fit) a conuenient ftocke pf Flaxe, Hempe, Wpoil, Threed, Iron^ and other neceflary ware and ftuffe to fet the poore on worke, and also competent fums of money, for, and towards the ne-peflary reliefe of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poore, and not able to work, & also for the puting out of such children to be apprentices, to be gathered





A P H N D I X.

but of the same parifh, according to the abilitie of the laid parirft, and to doe and execute all other things as well for thedifpofing of the said ftocke, as olherwife concerning the premifles, as to them shall feeme conuenient; which faid churchwardens and ouerfeers fo to bee nominated, or such of them as shall not bee let by ficknpfle or other iuft cxcufe, to bee allowed by such two Juftices of peace dr more, shall meete together at the lead once euery moneth in the Church of the said pari(h, vpon the Sunday in the afternoone, after diuine Seruice, there to confider of fome good courfe to be taken, and of fome meete orders to bee fet downe in the premifles, and shall within foure dayes after the end of their yeere, and after other ouerfeers nominated as aforesaid, make and yeeld vp to such two Juftices of peace, a true and perfect account of all fums of monie by them receiucd or rated and felled, and not receiued: and also of such ftocke as shall be in their hands, or in the hands of any of the poore to worke, and of all other things concerning their faid office, and such fum or fums of monie as (bal be in their hands, shall pay and deliuer ouer to the said Churchwardens and ouerfeers, newly nominated and appointed as aforesaid, vpon paine that euery one of them abfenting themfelues without lawfull caufe as aforesaid, from such monethly meeting for the purpofe afore-fayd, or being negligent in their office, or in tt)e execution of the orders aforefaide, beeing made by, and with the aflent of the fayde Juftices of Peace, to forfeit for euery such default, twentie (hillings. And be it also ena&ed. That"if the fayd Juftices of Peace doe perceiue that the Inhabitaunts of anie Pariffi are not able to leuie among themfelues fufficient fummes of money for the purposes aforefayd, that then the said Juftices (hall, and may Uxe, rate, and aflefse, as aforefayd, anie other of other Parilhes, or out of any Parifh within the hundred where the fayde Parifti is, to pay such fumme and fummes of money to the Churchwardens and Ouerfeers of the fayde poore Parifti, for the fayde purpofes, as the fayde Juftices shall thinke fit, according to the intent of this Lawe. And ;f the fayde Hundred shall not bee thought to the fayd Juftices, able, and fit to relieue the fayde feuerall Parifhes not able to prouide for themfelues as aforefayde, then the Juftices of Peace, at their generall Quarter Seffions, or the greater number of them, shall rate, and aflefle, as aforefayde, anie ojher of other Parifhes^or out of any Parilh within the fayde Countie, for the purposes aforefayd, as in their diferetion ffiall feeme fit.

II.	And that it shall be lawfull for the fayd Churchwardens and Ouerfeers, or anie of them, by warrant from anie two such Juftices of Peace, to leuie as well the fayd fummes of money of euery one that lhall refufe to contribute according as they shall be aflefled, by diftrefie and fale of the offendours goods, as the fummes of money or ftocke which shall be behind vpon any account to be made as aforefayd, rendering to the

£artie the overplus, and in defe<ft of such diftrefie, it shall be iwfull for any such two Juftices of the Peace, to commit him to

Prifon,



3*3

A P P E N t> I X/

Prifon, there to remayne without bayle or maineprife, till payment of the fayd fumme or ftocke. And the fayd Juftices of Peace or any one of them, to fend to the house of Correction fuch, as shall hot imploy, themfelues to worke, beeing appovnted thereunto as aforefayd : Andalfoany two such Juftices of reace, to commit to Prifon euery one of the fayde Churchwardens and OUerfeers, which shall refufe to accompt, there to remayne without Bavle or Mayneprife, till hee haue mkde a true accompt, and fatisfiea and payed so much as upon the ftyde accompt shall be remayning in his hands.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That it shall bee lawfull for; the fayd Churchwardens and Ouerfeers, or the greater part of! them, by the aflent of anie two Juftices of the Peace, to bind aiiie such children as aforefaydto be Apprentices, where they shall fee conuenient, til) such manchild shall come to the age of foure and twentie yeares, and such woman-child to the age of one and twentie yeares : The fame to be as effeCtuall to all purposes as if such child were of full age, and by indenture of Couenant bound him or her felfe. And to the intent, that necef* forte plates of habitation may more conueniently be prouided for such poore impotent people. Be it enaCled by the authorise aforefayd. That it shall and may be lawfull for the fayd Churchwardens and Overfeers, or the greater part of them, by the leaue of the Lord or Lords of the Manor, whereof anie waft or common within their Pari(h is or shall be parcell, and vpon agreement before with him or them made in Writing, vrider the hands and Sealfes of the fayd Lord or Lords, or otherwife, according to anie order to be fet downe by the Juftices of Peace of the fayde county, at their generail Quarter Seffions, or the greater part of them, by like leaue and agreement, of the fayd Lord or Lords in Writing vnder his or their hands and Scales, toereft, build, and fet vp in fit and conuenient places of habitation, in (bch wafte or common, at the generail charges of the Parifh, or otherwise of the hundred or Countie as aforefayde, to bee taxed, rated, and gathered, in manner before exprefled, conuenient houses of dwelling for the fayd impotent poore, and also to place Inmates, or more families then one in one cottage or houfe: One Aft made in the one and thirtieth yeare of her Maieftles raigne, intituled. An Aft againft the ere<fting and maintaining of cottages, or any thing therein contained to the contrary not-Withftanding.

IV.	Prouided ahuayosy That if any person or persons shall find themfelues grieued with any SeflTe or Taxe, or other Aft done by the fayd Churchwardens, and other persons, or by the jayd Juftices of Peace, that then it shall bee lawfull for the Juftices of Peace at their generail quarter Seffions, or the greater number of them, to take such order therein as to them shall be thought conuenient, and the fame to conclude and bind all the said parties.

V.	And be it further enabled. That the parents or children . qf euerie poore, olde, blinde,. lame, and impotent person or

other





A P PiE N D I X.

other poore perfon, not able to worke, being of fuffictent abw litie, ftiall at their owne charges, relieue and maintaine euery such ppore person in that manner, and according to that rate* as by the Juftices of Peace of that Countie where such fufficient perfon9 dwell, or the greater •number of them, at their general! quarter Seffions shall be aflefled, vpon payne that euery one of them to forfeit xx. s. for euery moneth, which they* shall fail© therein,

VI.	And be it further hereby enaded, Tlrat the Maiors, Bailiffes, or other head| Officers of euery corporate Towne within this Realme being Juftice or Juftices of Peace, /hall haue the fame autfioritie by vertue of this AS, within* the limits and precinds of their corpofations* afwel out of Seffions, as at their Seflions, as is herein limitted, prefcribed and ap-* pointed to any of the Juftices of Peace of the Countie, for aU the vfes and purposes in this Ade prefcribed, and no other Juftices of Peace to enter or meddle there*

VII.	And be it also enailed. That if it shall happen any Parifh to extend it felfe into moe Counties then one, or part to lye within the liberties of any Citie or Towne corporate, and part without, that then, afwell the Juftices of Peace of euerie Countie, as also the head officers of such citie or towne corporate, shall deale and intermeddle only in so much of the (aid parish as lieth within their libqrtie. and not any further.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authorise aforesaid. That from the first day of Nouember next enfuing the end of this Seflion of parliament, no person or persons whatfoeuer shall goe wandring abroad, and begge in any place wherefoeuer, by licence or without, vpon paine to be efteemed, taken, and punched as a Rogue.

IX.	Pgouidedalwaies, That this present Ad shall not extend to anie poore people, which shall afk reliefe of vidualls onely in the fame parish where such poore people doe dwell, fo the fame be in such time onely, and according to such order and diredion, as shall be made and appointed by the Churchwardens and Ouerfeers of the poore of the fajne Parilh, according to the true intent and meaning of this Ad.

X.	And further be it enaded by the authoritie aforefayd, that all penalties and forfeitures before mentioned in this Ad, shall goe and be itnployed to the vfe of the poore of the same Pari(h, and towardes a ftocke and habitation for them, and other neceflarie vfes and reliefe, as before in this Ad are mentioned and exprefled, and shall be leuied by the fayde Churchwardens and Ouerfeers, or one of them, by warrant from anie two such Juftices of Peace by diftrefle &c fale. as aforefayd, or in defed thereof, it fhal be lawful for anie two such Juftices of Peace to commit the offender to pfifon, there to remayne without bayle or mayneprife, till the said forfeitures shall be fatisfied and payed ; And forofmucb as all begging is forbidden by this prt-

fm Att*

XI.	Bee



APPENDIX.

XI.	Bee it further ena&ed by the authorise aforefayd, T*hat the Juftices of Peace of eupry Coutitie dr place Corporate, or the more part of them in their generall Seffions to be Holden, next after the end of this Seflion of Parliament, or in default thereof, at the Quarter Seffions to be hdlden, about the Feaft of Eifter next, shall rate euery Parifh to such a weekely fumme of money as they shall think conuenient, fo as no Parifh be rated about the fumme of fixe pence, nor vnder the fumme of an halfe-pennie, weekely to bee payed, and fo as the totall fumme of such taxation of the Parifhes in -euerie Countie, amount not aboue the rate of two pfenee for fcuerie Parifh in the fayde Countie, which fummed fo taked, shall bee yearely afftfled by the agreement of the Parifhioners within thetnfelues, or in default thereof by the Churchwardens and Conftables of the same Pa-rifti, or the more part of them, or in default of their agrees ment, by the order of such Juftice or Juftices of Peace as shall dwell in the fame Parifh, or (if none be there dwelling) in the parts next adioyning: And if any person shall refufe* or riegledt to pay any such portion of money fo taxed, it dial] be lawfull for the fayd Churchwardens and Conftables, of in their default for the Juftices of the Peace, to leuie the fatne by diftre(Te,and fale of the goods of the partie fd refuting or neglecting* rendering to the partie the overplus, and in default of such diftrcffir, h shall be lawfull to any Juftice.of that limit, to commit such persons to prifon, there to abide without bayle or mayneprife till he haue payed the fame.

XII.	And bee it also enabled, that the fayd Juftices of the Peace, at their generall Quarter Seffions to bee holden at the time of such taxation, shall fet downe what competent fumme of money shall be fent quarterly out of euery countie or place Corpo* rate, for the reliefe of the poore Prifonets of the Kings Berich> and Mafhalfey* and also of such Hofpitalls, and Almes-houfes, as shall be in the fayd Countie, and what fumme* of money shall be fent to euery one of the fayde Hofpitalls, and Almes-houfes, fo as there be fent out of euery Countie yearely twen* tie (hillings at the lead, to the fayde Prifoners of the King* Bench, and Marfhalfey, which fummes ratablie to bee affelTed vpon euerie Parifti, the Chufchwardens of euerie Parifh shall truely colled and pay ouer to the High-Gotiftable, in whofeDi-uifion such ParWh shall bee fcitUatc from time to time quarterly* tenne dayes before the end of euerie Quarter: And euerie such Conftable at euerie such Quarter Seffions in such Countie, shall pay ouer the fame to two such Juftioes of the Peace, or to one of them, as shall bee by the more part of the Juftices df Peace of the Countie, eleded to bee Treafurers of the fayde Collection, which Treafurers in euerie Countie fo chofen, shall continue but for the fpace of one whole yeare, and then giue vp their charge with a due account of their receipts arid difburfe-ments at their meeting in the Quarter Seffions, to bee holden after the Ffcaft of Eafter in euerie yeare, to such others as shall from yeare to yeare in fourme aforefayde, fucceffiuely bee elec-

Vol.^III.	C9	ted



C :>gle



AP?EK DIt

fed, wfckh&yde Treafurars, or oae of (hem, dull the fame to the Lord chiefe Juftice of England, and Knij^iC MgrfeaUft* the time being, equally to bee. divided tp tjwywfe afore&yd, taking'their acquittances for the fame, or *0 de&ufe of the fayde chiefe Juftice, to the next auncienft Juftice of die Kings Bench, as aforetayde. And if anie Churchwarden, or IdighrCooftable, or his Execotours, or Adminiftratoure^.fhall fayle to make payment in founne aboue fpeclfied, then euene Churchwarden, his Executors, or Adminiftratours fo offending, Avail forfeite for coerie time, the fwnaK of tense foitiingS^ynd Ouerie High-Confbble, his' Executnurs or Adtniniftratodn, (kdl forfeit for euene time the femme of twentie fhtUings, the fame forfeitures together with the femmes behind, to bo lenied-bp foe fayde Treafurer and Treafurers by way of didredc, addffe of the goods as aforefayd, in forme aforefayd, and by them, so he impmyed, towards the charitable vfes comprifed in itaacA • Kill- And bee it further ena&ed, That all the iirplahgtosf money which shall be remayning in the laid ftocke of lmyrcchuh tie, mall by difcretion of the more part of the Jufficss sfAad in rhair Quarter Seffions, be ordered, diftributed andbedbereti for. foe relwft of- the poore Hofpitalls of that Countie,: and-df thole that shall feftayne lodes by fire, water, the-6ca,.or>Other -tafuahics, and tofuch other charitable purposes, forfoeirebefe of the poore, as to the more part of the layd Jufticcs jofuBeav dhall feeme conucnient.	• - -.hiaoiq

j XIV. And bee it further enafted. That if any Trcd^eckrfhm wilfally refufe to take vpon him the (aid office of Tmaforec&tp, or refufc to diftribute and giue reliefe according to such fduofeas shall be appointed by the more part of the fayde Jufticesrtit Peace, that then it shall be lawful! for the Jufticesof Fdaoeun (heir quarter Sefiions, or in their default for the Juftice® o&Affiae, attheAflizes to be holdenin the fame county, to fine thcAune Treafurer by their difcretion; the fame fine to be leuyed Intfik of his goods, and to be profccuted by aaie taro of the feyd-Ju-ftkes of Peace whom they shall authorife.	-	:	,■>

XV, Prtuidid alwayts muertkelejje. That euerie SouUEer beim diicharged of his feruiee, or otherwise lawfully licenfcd totpte into his Countrie, and not houing wherewith to ndieue >hia-.fclfe in his trauells homewards, andeuery Sea-faring man landing from Sea, not hauing wherewith to refieue himfdfo jnhis trauels homeward#*, hauing a tedimoniall vnder the hand P< feme one Juftice of the Peace, of, or neere the place-whanebe landed or was ffifeharged, Getting dovme therein the place, end thee, where, and when he landed, or whs difebatged,: dnfolh# place of the parties dwelling or birth, vnto which be isto^Mfle, and a eonuenient time therein to be limited-for<his -paifoge, foil and any without incurring the dangeror pesahie of.foi* ASte in the-vfuaB wayes, diretftly to the: place vntw-whichlhee m directed to pa fie, and within thetitne in fitch his-teftbrnoniall limittsd for bis paflage, a&c, and rcceiutiuch nlkii aa>foal)

j



)ogle

A P- PEN tfc t'ja

ttee hectflarle; in, and for Ms paflsge: This Atofor^ariy-tfubg' therein contained to the contrarie' notwith (landing.

XVI.	Provided ahvayes.That this Add toil enduterifcHbgfcfi then to the ende of the next SeJBon of' Patikunem.	.f> '»ri ■>.<-

F O R the fuppmffmg of Rogues, Vagabonds, and fturdiq BeggetsBee it enaded by theautnoritk of this prefeot Rsriiaraear, that from and after tbe-Feaft of Eajler nest icomt ming^aU Statutes JwwtBforemade foftbe puntfhment of Rogfog} Uagabondt, or fturdie- Baggers,. or for toe erection'bn, so*tnM» tuiuneeof hodes of Carre6hon* or touching the/amer fKatt far fbtandh as boncqmeth the fame be vttcrly repealed; And that front 'and after the said Feaft of , from time-.to itirot it ihall and may be lawful) to and for the Iufticei ofPeaoe cfantc Cotmtie or Citie in this Retime, or the Dominions of Walts* hffeaibled at any quarter Seflions of the Peace within the fame Countie, Citie, Borough, or. Towne corporate, or the mote part cf them, to fet downe order to ere<5t, and to caufc to be erased 'MC'or more houses ofCorre&ion within their feuerall Counties -or Citiest for the doing and performing whereof, and for the prouiding of ftockes of money, and au other things necefiary me the fame, and for railing and goueming of the same, and for corre&ion and puniftunent of offenders thither to be committed, foch orders as the fame Iuftices or the more part of them Ihall from time to time take, reforme, or fet downe in any their faid quarter Seffions in that behaHe fhal be of fbn$, said beduely performed and put in execution.

" Mv And fac it aUo further enadtod by the authorise sfbntfaid. That all'perfons calling themfelres Schollers going about beg-iilgf aU £ea*&ring-menpretending Ioffes of their (hippes-of goods on the Sea going about the countrie begging, All id le per -font going about in anie countrie either begging or vfin^ any - fobtile craft, or vnlawfull games and playes, or fayning bbedn-frlues to haue knowledge in Phifiognomie, Paltneftrie, or other like oraftie fdence, or pretending that they can tell defteriies, fortunes, or such other like fantaflicall imaginations:.All per-■ font-that bee,-or vtter theuifelues to be Prohors, Procurers, - Patent-gatherers, or Coilcdors for Gaoles, Prifons, or Hofpi-1 tails:' All-Fencers, Be rewards, common Players, of Enteiiudts, * »nd Mi/tAnellS, wandering abroad (other then Players of Ersisr-dudes belonging to anie Boron of this R saline, or ante totbecJho-

tioumble perfonagc of greater'degree, to bee authorifed.. ukpby •- Vhder the hand and Seale of Armes of foch Baron er pecfokufce) All Biglers, Tinckers, Pediers, and pettie Chapmen.wandering ' «br«ad, AU-wandering persons and common Labourers?) bring ‘Ptrfantable ini body, viing Joytering, and refuting to tserior for itfoch rcafonable wages, as is taxed or cetmnonly giuen in fuck

wf J r ..	,	<	■

GAR IUT ,

C C 2

parts,

by.C 3gle



APPENDIX.

parfs, where such persons doe, or shall happen to dwdl fcr atidt*

not hauing liuing otherwise to maintaine themfelucs, All Per-fones deliuered out of Gaoles that bcgge for their fees, or other-wife do trauel begging : All fucb perlons as shall wander abroad begging^ pretending lofles by fire, or otherwife: And all such persons not being felons, wandering arid pretending thexnfefues to be Egyptians, or wandering in the habite, forme, or attire of counterfeiting Egyptians, shall be tajcen, adiudged, and deemed Rogues, Vagabonds, and fturdie beggers, and shall fuftainefuch paine and punilhments, as by this A.& is in thatbehalfe afH pointed.

III.	And be it enabled by the authoritie aforelaid, that euery person which is by this present A6t declared to be a Rogue, Vagabond, or fturdie begger, which shall be at any time after the fayd Feaft of Eafter next comming, taken begging, vagrant, wart dering, or milordering themfelues in any part of this Realms, or the Dominion of JVales, shall vpon their apprehenfi6n by.the appoyntment of anie Iufticc of the Peace, Conftable, Headborough, or Tythingman of the same Countie, Hundred, Pap(h, or Tything," where such person shall bee taken, the TythU^-man or Headborough, being aflifted therein with the aauifo of the Minifter, and one other of that Pari(h, bee dripped naked from the middle vpwards, and shall be openly whipped fotill his or her bodie be bloudie: and shall bee forthwith frwn Parifh to Parifh, by the Ofiicers of euerie the fame, the not ftreight way to the rarifti where he was borne, if the fame a»y be knowne by the parties confeffron, or otherwife. And if the fame bee not knowne, then to the Pari(h where he or (be lift dwelt before the fame punilhment, by the (pace of one whole yeare, there to put him* or her felfe to labour as a true fubied ought to doe: Or not being knowne where hee or (hce was borne or laft dwelt, then to the ParilW through which hec.or (hee laft paffed without punilhment. After which whipping the fame person shall haue a teftimoniall fubferibed with the hand, and fealed with the feale of the same Iuftice of the Peace, Coo-(table, Headborough, or Tythingman, and of the Miniltcr of the same Parifh, or anie two of them, teftifying that the fame person hath beene punilhed according to this Act, and. (rationing the day and place of his or her punilhment, and the place whereunto such person is limited to goe, and by wbat time the (aid person is limited to pafle thither at his peril]. And if the said person through his or her default doe not accptypjilh the order appointed by the said teftimoniall. Then to beefifoona taken and whipped, and fo as often as any default (haft.fc found m him or her, contrary to the forme of this Statute, ip eufrie

Ijhce to be whipped, till such person be repayred to tb^place imited: The fubftance of which teftimoniall shall be regjftfcd by the Minifter of that Parilh, in a booke to be pfouid^ifar that purpofe, vprtn payne to forfeit fiue (hillings f<# euerie de*» fault thereof: And the partiefo whipped and not knodme, hee or (he was borne, or laft dwelt by the fpace of a yeafc,(ball

by





APPENDIX.

1>y the officers of the said village where he or (he fo laft pift through without punifhmenl, be<conueied to the house of cof-(reft ion of tho limit wherein the laid village ftandeth, or to the common gaole of that county or place, there to remaine arid be employed in worke, vntill he or (he shall be placed in fonts fern ice, andfp to continue by the fpace of one yeare, or not being able of body vntill he or (nee shall bee placed, to remaine ki fome Altnemoufe in the fame countie or place.	/

IV.	Prouided alwayes, and be it enafted, if any of the said Rogues shall appeare to be daungerous to the inferiour fort 6t people where they shall be taken, or otherwise be such as will mot be reformed of their roguilh kind of life, by the former prouifions of this Aft, That in euery such cafe it shall and may be lawful! to the said Jufticcs of the limit where any such Rogue shall be taken, or any two of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, to commit that Rogue to the house of Correction, Qr otherwise to the gaole of the Countie, there to remaine vntill their next quarter Seflions to be holden in that Countiei, and then such of the same Rogues fo committed, as by the Ju-ftices of the Peace then and there prefent, or the mod part of them, shall bethought fit not to be deliuered, shall and-may lawfully by the fame Juftices or the moft part of them, be ban-Ifhed out of this Realrae, and all other the dominions thereof, (and at the charges of that countrie, shall be conueied vnto such parts beyond the Seas, as shall be at any time hereafter for that purpbfe affigned by the priuy Counfel vnto her Maiefty, her heires or fucceflbrs, or by any 6. or more of them, whereof the L; Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seale, or the Lord Trtafqrpr for the time being to be one. Or otherwise be judged perpetually to theGaIJies of this Real me, as by the fame Juftices or the moft part of them it shall be thought fit and expedient. And if any such Rogue fo banifhed as aforesaid, shall ;;eturne againe ipto any part of this Realme or dominiop of IVales, witboujt lawfull licence or warrant fo to doe, that in pstry such cafe such offence shall be Fellony, and the party offending therein fuffer death as in cafe pf Fellony: The (aide Fellony to be heard and determined in that County of this Realme or JVatyS) in which the offender shall be apprehended.

V.	And be it also enafted by the authority aforesaid, that if anytowne, parlfti, or village, theConftable, Headborough, or 'Tythingman be negligent and dpe not his or their beft en-deuours for the apprehenfion of such vacabond, Rogue, or ftur-jfJy begger which there shall be found contrary to the forme pf this present Aft, and to caufe euery of them to bee punifhed arid"conueigh$d according to the true meaning of this present aft, thatfhoi the said Conftable, Headborough, orTythingman, in whom jfuch default shall be, shall loofe and forfeit for euery such default ten (Hillings. And also if any person or perfon^ doe in any wife difturbe or let the execution of this Law or any part thereof, concerning the punifhment or conueying of Rogues*, yacabonds, fturdy beggers, qr the reliefp or fading of poorc im-

C c 3	*	potent

3*9





A P $ £ N D I X.

potcftt perfoniin any manor 6f Vifci dr rrtake tefeeftc agalftft any officer or person author rted by tM* prefer* a<Sl for thg 'tf&e execution of any the ‘premiflfes, the fertfe peribti^1 offfendittg^ Ihall forfeit and lc& for'euery such offence 'tht fafofttyaffttfg pound, and foan,b^bdlnhd fo the good bcMt)l<foir. r M * ,f

VI.	And WPrtffclfii'further eoatted by the authority afof^ifiAJ, that no perftrfi dr pttfons haufog charge inanjr voyage, in puffing froth the^eakhes of Ireland or EtotJatod* 6t trofo the* Me 0f Aft« info this rdalme of England, doe wittingly orwilHhgly # bric^:of eonucy, or fuffer to be brought or conueighed in any # - veflell or boat froth and out of'the laid realmetif^freland> Scotland, ' or Ifle of Man, into the realme of England or Wales* dr > any part thereof, any vacabond, rogue, or beggar, or any (belt as shall be forced of very like to liue by begging within the retfafte of England or Wales, being borne in the fame reattnes or Ifland, on paine of euery such person fo offending, to forfeit and Joofe for euery such vacabond, rogue, begger, or other person like to Jiue by begging, twenty shillings, to the vfe of the poore of the laid parish in which they were fet on land. And if arijr ffcfch Manniflce, Scottijb, or Irijb rogue, vacabond or beggety l>d already, or shall at any time hereafter be fet on land, or shall come into any part of England or Wales, the fame, after h& or fhee shall be purtifhed .as aforesaid, shall be Oonueyed fotbe next Port or Parifh in or neere which they were landed‘ttti3fifft -came, in such fort as rogues are appointed to be by tWs bh^fent ft, # from thence to be tratifported at the common chm^df Che countrey where they were fet on land into thoftpiftb^mrtki whence they came or were brought Arid that eifcry Oorifta-ble, Headborough, and Tythingman negl&Wng the due ptrfbf-mance thereof shall forfeit for euery such offotice x.s. '''

VII.	Be it further enabled by the authority'aforefaidi that *o difeafed or impotent podre person shall at ant trme refdft Ar repaire from their dwelling places to the city of Bath* O^fowne of Buxton, or either of them to the Bathes there for the cafe of their griefes, unleffe fijeh person doe forbeare To beg, ahd be licenfed to pafle thither by two Juftices of the Peace *bf the County where such person doth or shall then dwell or remaitit, and prouided for to trauvaile with such reliefe, for'lmd towards bis or her maintenance as shall be neceflary for the feme perr fon, for the time of such his or her traucll, and abode at the C*ty of Bath and towne of Buxton, or cither Of them^ attd rt-turne thence, and shall returne home againe as shall be limited by the said licence, vpon paine to be reputed, punifhed Vftd as rogues, vacabonds and fturdy beggars declared by tjfi* preterit A<Ste. And that the inhabitants of the same City of B/Uhe and towne of Buxton shall not in any wife be charged* ttyr this A&e with the finding or reliefe of any such poore pebpfe* ^

VIII.	Prouided a 1 waves, that the Juftices of r&ce'yHHi-in any Countie of this Realme or Wales, shall nok intromit or enter into any City, Borough, or Townes corporal, WmH*be any Juftices/ Juftices of Peace for any such fitie, Borough or

Towne



APPENDIX.

T^nw*e corporate for the execution of any branch, article of faience of this Afte, for or concerning any offence, matter pr caufe growing or arifmg within the ppecinfts, liberties or iufif-r idu^ionsof foeh Citic, borough, or townee corporate,. But that it may and shall he lawful 1 to the Juftice or Juftices of the jfcace. Mayors, Bayfiffes, and other head officers of thofe Cities, Boroughes, and townes corporate, where there be fuck Jufticcs of the Peace, to proceed ta the execution of this within the prccinft and coxnpafle of their liberties, in foch jnancr and forme as the Juftices of Peace in any County may or ought to doe within the fame County, by vertue of this Afte* any thing in this A& to the contrary therof notwithftanding. < IX, Provided alwaies, that this Aft, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the poore people for the time beings in the Hofpitall, called S. Thomas Hofpitall, otherwise called the Kings Hofpitall in the Borough of South^arke neere adioyning.to the City of London, but that the Mayor, commonalty and Citizens of the saide City of London for the time being, shall and may haue the rule, order and gouemment of the said Hofpitall, and of the poore people therein for the time ♦being, any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding. r . X. Prouided alwaies, that this Afte or anything therein confined , or any authority thereby giuen, shall not in any wife extend to4ifji)bcrite, preiudice or hinder lohn Dutton of Dutton, ip the ' .County of Cbefltr Efquire, his heires or aflignesfor, touchingor iponc^iung apy liberty, preeminence, authority, iurifdiftion or inheritance, which,the laid loin Dutton now lawfully vfeth, or path, or lawfully |nay or ought to vfe within the County Palatine of ChfftoT) and the County of the City of Chejtery or either of them, by reafon of any ancient Charters of any Kings of this Land, or by reafon of any prescription, vfage, or title whatfo-fever. , And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefeid, that all fines and forfeitures appointed or to grow by this present aft, (except such as are otherwise limited & appointed by this present Aft) (hal yvholy go & be imploied to the vfe of the re-

Sarations be maintenance of the said houses of correction, h$ ocke & ftore thereof, or reliefe of the poore where the offence " (hal be committed at the diferetion of the said Juftices of the peacp Qf the fame limit, pitie, borough or towne corporat. And tbit all fines & forfeitures appointed or to grow by conuiftion of any person according to this present Aft, shall by warrant i ynider the hands and leales of any two or more of the Juftices I pf foe peqcp of the same County, city, borough or towne corv . ppraty be leuipd by diftreffe and fale of the goods-& chattels pf tire offender, which, fale (hal be good in the Law againftfach offeree?.^ And that if any of the said offences foal befonfefted by thejpffender^ or that tne fame (hal be proved by two foftki (cm;& r?wful, witnefles, before fach two or more Juftices; of th , .^fjjic^.tbaf then euery fuch. person fo^l} forthwith ftand and V *

7o iT* ..:: ■ - (	..; vc*	:	.	XI-	M~

m





APPEND I ?£.

XI.	And bee rt further enacted by the authorise aforefetdc, that ariy two or more Juftices of the Peace within all the (aid fcueral (hires, cities, boroughs or townes corporat, whereof oa$ to be of the ^uorumy shall haue full power by authority of this present A<5te, t6 heare and determine all caufes that (hall^giow or come in queftion by reafon of this Aft.

XII.	And be it also further enacted by the authority afore-faid; that the Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the great Seale of England for the time being, IhalJ & may at all times hereafter by vortue of this present Aft, without further warrant, make, and direft Commiflion or Commiflions voder the great Scale of England, to any person or persons, giuing them or fome of diem thereby authority, afwell by the oathes of good and lawful! men; as of witneiles or examination of parties, or by any ptber lawful! waies or meanes whatfoeuer, to enquire what fums Qf money or other things haue b^ene or shall be cqUefted or gathered for, or towards the erection of any boufes of Correction, or any ftockes or other things to fet poore on worke, or for the maintenance thereof, at apy time after the feuenteenth day of Nouembir, in the eighteenth yeere of the raigne of the Queenes mod excellent Maieftie, and by whom the fame werp or shall bee colle&ed or gathered, and to whofe hands corn-men, and to what vfe, and by wbofe direction the fame was or Ihall be implpyed. And to call all and euery such person and persons, and their Sureties, and every of their Executors miniftrators" to accompt: And to compell them and euery of them by attachment of their goods or bodies to ^ppeare before them for the fame, and to bear? and determine the fame, and to Jcuie such money and things as they shall fjnde not to haue bin duly imployed vpon the said Houfes of Corre&ion, or Stocks, or vpon other* like vfes, hauing in such other like vfes refped jof things paft by the said Commiflioncrs to be allowed offeithep by diftrefleantf fale of the goods and chattels of such persons as they shall thinke fit to be chargeable or anfwerable for the fame, or bv imprifonraent of their bodies at their diferetion : And that the laid Coojmiflioners shall haue ful power and authority to execute the fame Commiflion according to the tenor and purport thereof: And that all their proceedings, doings, Judgements, and executions by force and autliority thereof, shall be and retnaine good and auaileahle in the law: which faid money fo levied by the said Commi(Ji >ners, shall be deliuered and imploded for the ere&ing or maintenance of the same.

XIIL Prouided alwayes, neucrthclefle, that euery Sea-faring plan fu fife ring (hipracke, not hauing wherewith to relieue hitn-felfe in his trauels homewards, but hauing a teftimonial vtider the hand of (ome one Juflice of the Peace, of or neere the place where he landed, fet ting downe therein the place and time where and when he landed, and the place of the parties ^welling or birth, vnto which hoc is to pane, and a conueuient time therein to bee limitted for his paflaee, shall and nriay without interring the danger and penalty of this A& in the vitiall

*	>vayc$



39$

A B P £ I* 0 I X. . leaves dire fitly to the place vnto which he is4ire&ed pafle, and within the time in such his teftimpniall limited for his paf«* /age, afke and receiue such reliefe as shall be necessary in and for his paffage.

.. XIV. Prouided alfo, that this Statute nor any thing therein ponteined, shall extend to any children vnejer the age of.feuea yeeres, nor to any such glaffetnen as shall bp of good behauiour, and doe trauell in or through any Countrey without begging^ bailing licence for their trauelling vnder the hands and feals or three Juflices of the Peace of the same Countie where they trauell, whereof one to be of thtguprum.	,	,

XV. And be it also further enacted by the authority afore-faid, that this prefcnt Adt (hal beProclaymed in the next quarter Seffion or Seffons ip euery County, and in such other Jcet townes or places, as by the more part of the Juftices of fhePeece in the said §eflions (hajl be agreed and appointed. This A& to endure to the end of the first Seflion of the next Paj-liafhent.

13 Car. 2. ft. i.	1

.t .	■	,	.

An A£t for afeertayning apd eflablifiiini; the fees of the Mfaftprs of the Chancery in Ordinary*

From th$ ParTiamtnt Rolls-

WHEREAS the ^Office of the Matters of the Chancery in Ordinary is of very ajitient Inttitution and of necessary ufe and continuall attendance for the Difpatch of the Bufine/s depending in that Court It appearing by ancient Records That the Conttitption of that .Court was long before the Con-queft much of tbe Duty Paines and Attendance whereof lyeth on thp faid Matters And for that it conduceth much to the due Adminiftration of Juftice. That thofe who exercife Places pi Trutt (hould have competent and certaioe rewards fuitable to their Paynes and Labour whereby they may in, due manner fupport the quallity of their Places And that it is but fitting and necessary for the Subject to allow a moderate Payment where they receive a proportionable advantage (a Fee of Fawier Pence in tymes of that Antiquity being as much in Value as ^Tvyo Shillings now) by rpafon vyhereof in Proctfs of Tymeand the improved Rare of all npeefiaries the present recompense of jhofe anpient Officers is noe way competent and proportionable to their Paynes and Attendance which are likewife very much inerpafed without any increafe hitherto of what was focanti-fatly allowed as aforesaid And for that it appeares that in all other Courts at Wejlminjler there is Twelve Pence taken for every Affidavit And for that it bath bin found inconvenient for Suiters to pyt in Answers or retyrne Comiflton&in the pri^ yate Studdyes of the Matters So that through the Difficulty of Ending such Anfweres and Comiffions (with what Matter they were left), or through the Matters abfence at such tyme as they arc called for It frequently happens, the persons (conceived to

be

 L^ooQle

A tP B N D I. X;

fee ip,cohtempt> areenpofeidto much trouble andeftafgMhjMft

feyoAod for tihit it is more proper (afe/apd fetisftftory to -tfte Mtjeft-Jp QeneraU That Affidavits, Anfwers Recognizances •ltd Ackpowfodgm?0te of Deeds (houjd fee di/patebed ,ip' fop*f pujbliqye.certaine and -open Place where the Perfon* that; dof the same, may. be pubbquely fcene and fenowne rather tfop fe) private Studdiesor Houles Fur the more proper and fofcmsac difpamhof the aforesaid Bufinefles And for the better iocotfe ngement of. the said Mafters in. the due di(charge of their Places Be k, Ena&ed byithq Kings moft Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and ^onfent of the Lords and Commons gfiembfod in Parliament and by the authority of the same That front and after the Three and Twentieth Day of Oflober in this prefect yrar&of Our Lord,Ope Thoufand Six Hundred Sixty and.One there shall be One Publique Office kept and no more at peiyts the Rolls as conveniently may be In which the laid Mafters ' fome or Qoe of them shall conftantly attend for the adminiftring pf Oathes Caption of Deeds and Recognizances and the Djf-patch of all Matters incident to their Office (referrenres^kptfh accounts and infufficient anfwers onely excepted) foam the houres of Seaven of the Clock in the Morning untill Twelve at ♦feorte aim from Two in the afternoone untill .Six at l^ight add that fiumhenceforth it shall and may be lawful! to apd ftrths Mafter%$fjhp Chancery in Ordinary now being wfeieh hereafter for f he tyme to come lhail be-to demand and ^skctbe ^^liQTefpjherea^ter ex prefled That is to fay For evwy' Affi-davitol" Oetn taken in the said Office Twelve Pence For every BflfPof Coftsto be taxed by them for the Plaintiffts nof-pn^ing in'his BiK* Or wot proceeding to reply or for the Defendants not appearing in due tyme Two Shillings aftd Six Peace For the acknowledgment of every Deed to bp enrolled Two^billr ings for the Caption of every Recognisance two Shillings for every Exemplification examined by Two of the ftid Mafters to teach Of tfeeuaid Mafters who (half examine the feme for every ^kin of Parchment foe examined Two Shillings For every Report or Certificate to be made in Purfuance of any Order made upon the bearing of the Caufe Twenty Shilling's Ahd for.dvery •Other Certificate «r report, of any Order made upon Pethtapar motidW cmely Tenne Shillings to be paid, by the. Partyyfpat -takes Out tfee Report or Certificatfr any Law Statute or Ouftonqp to the contrary hereof-in any, wife notwithstanding And be-jt further Eaafted fey the authority aforefeid That if the said Mr-ftersof the Chancery or any of them shall hereafter djreftly or indireftly by any Art Shift Colour or Devife have takpor receiv'd any Money Fee Rewarde Covenant Obligation Preumfc gf any other thing- for his Report or Certificate ip Writing or of for wife or, for any, other the Mattery in this Adi e;preflqd other then the t$fpeftive Fee ear Fees in this Aft before meor tiotvtd that- then every foch Mafter being thereof l.egaftyopftr vtfted (hah -thenceforth be difebled from the Execotnypofifefs faid Office of Mafter .of the Chancery in ordinary apd gtfo -v	'	forfettp

395

APPENDIX.

flb/fclW artd' tobft fof evety such offence to' the Party grieved hi fhat bfehalft'foe much Money as he or they shall take Contrary *6 this present Aft And more over (half lobfe and forfeiteOne Hundred pounds Sterling whereof One moyety'fliall be to 0tt JBotoeWigne Lord the King his Heirs and' Succeflbrs and the other riibyety tQ the Party grieved in thatbehalfe who shall fue %t Aftion'of Debt Bill Plaint Information or other*We in any" of the Kltlgs Courts for the recovery of the same in whidv Action no fcfloine protection or wager of Law lhal be allowed And be it farther Enafted by the authority aforefeid That before! the Feaft Day of All Saints next enfuing there (hill bee Ifett tip in the pubjique Office aforesaid and in the Chappell of the Rolls feverall Tables containing the feverall Fees in this Aft t*fore mentioned to the intent that ail Parties concern'd may take Notice thereof.

. • jm- *'■ '	‘	■	i\ •••• '4 a,:*

,.i..sk.......................................  '	■	r~*—r

jhNPvJtegni Gulielmi & Mari.®, £s? Rtgituf t > AagHfs Scotia, Francis {*? Hibernia, Quarto*

*)	1 -	'-ii-	;	-	'

A't the Parliament begun at JVeftmnfter the Twentieth t 'day 'March, Anne Dom, 1689. m the Second year ‘ of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, H*iU ' Ham arid 'Mary, by the Grace Of "God, of England, ". Scbjldrid^Franfc'^iVd .Ireland, King and Qiieen,. Dc-fcnflers pf tf^Jjaith, 13c. And from thence Continued by fcvtptlrogations and Adjournment* to the Fourth day *&Novemler, 169a, being the Fourth Sef-. fion of thW'pnefent Parliament. <

'	\/41	*	-	*	.	•	•	•	i»

1 i;t ... G AP; I. jfn alt for granting to tbeir Majefties an aid of four

in the pound for one year, for carrying on a vigorous tear agaiqjt France. .' "	(

VT7E your Majefties twoft dutiful and loyal fabjefts, the ' VV commons alTembted in parliament, having fefioufly con-fideted of the1 great OecaftertS which engage yotfr Majefties to many extraordinary experices for the neCeflary defence of your Realms, and the pTofccutiOn df a vigorous waragamft Francs, have cheerfully and urtarfltooufly given and granted unto your Majefties the rates and ufleffments hereafter mentioned. • And we moft humbly befeechyOW Majefties, that it may boenafted;

IT. Arid be if eriafted by the King and Queen's moft excel-1 Wtt Majefties, by and Witn the advice and confetti of (he folds * (piritual 'arid temporal and Commons in this prefcftt parliament affcmblcd, and by the authority of the same. That their Majefties shall have and receive the rates and fefleffiftents hereafter jpeittionsd j of and from every person fpirittlal and- temporal* of

what





39$

APPEND! X.

wtat estate or degree focvcr he or tbqy be ; which-faid rates or aftefiments shall be taxeii, aflefled, levied and paid imo their M^efties receipt of exchequer, according to thcrenorpf thk ...	.	ad* and in manner apd form following, (that is to fay) That

hodS^polw	eycry perfoa and persons bodies politick and corporate

tick. See. guilds and fraternities <within this kingdom of England dominion having any e- tfjffyle,s9 and town of Berwick upon Tcoeed? Having any estate ftate in ready ^ ready moneys, or in any debts whatsoever owing to them, ^t?5or°hav- rWhin ibis realm or without, or having any estate in goods, any estate in wares,: merchandises, or other chattels or personal estate what-goods, wares, foever, withk> this realm or vykhout, belonging to or in truft or other per- fQr them (except and out of the prpmifles dedpaed such fuips of whatlbever, money as be or they do bona fide owe, and such debts owing t® deducing mo- ifcem as fh^lj bp adjudged defperate by the commidioners ap-peys bona fife pointed by this ad; and also the (lock upon lands and such owin^andde. goods as are ufed for houftiold-fluff; and also other than, and AnTexcept* CJflC*P* thejoynt (locks or (hares of such bodies oerporateyooffi-flock upon papiea or fraternities as shall be otherwise charged by name in hind and any other ad to be made during this present session of pferKt-houfhold-ftufF, pient)-(hall yield and pay onto their Majefties fopr (hillings in (locks of com- P0110^ according to the true yearly value thereof, for one panics, which year5 (that is to fay) For every hundred pounds of such ready (ball be other- money and debts, and for /eveyy hundred pounds worth of fcch wife charged £qq<)s, wards, pierchandifcs, or other chattels, or ctfher perineal? jUHMlcftete, fhe futn o( four and twenty (hillings ; and foaftcr feflion, shall ijhat rate for every greater or Iefier fum or quantify, to beaded pay 14s. far fed, levied-and collided in manner hereafter mentioned-every io© h III; And be it further etiaded by the authority aforefeid, Perfohs 'hay. That all and-every person and persons, commiffiorwr or coming any office tojfliaoers, Jhaving, ufing, or ex,ercifiog any publict office or of^rofi/(cxnt	of profit (fuch military officers, who aine of (jiall

cept military bem mutter by the muiler mailer general of the army,or in pay officers in in their Majefties army orrn*Vyin refpedof such offices only emepted) artd all andeverytheir agents, clerks, fecoadarics, fub~ mvor navy)	a°d ot^Sr inferiour minifters whatfoever, shall yield

r0-piyv4s. il> and pay urtto their Majefties the sum of four (hilling* for every the ppm»d tbr twenty shillings, which he or they do receive in ohe year, by fabrics or (virtue of any falaries, gratuities, bounty money, reward, fees Fro ts'	or profits, tp him or them accruing, fop or by reafon or occafion

of their fevcral offices or employments, to be afiefied, impofedy levied and collected, in such manner as hereafter is mentioned IV. And to die end a further aid and fupply for their Ma-jpft«e9 oceafions may be raifed, by a charge upon all lands, tenements and-hereditaments, with as much equality and mdif* ferency as is poffible, by a pound rate of four (hillings for every twenty fhjllipgs, of the true yearly value for pne year only and no longer; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaftjy All manors, That all and every manors, meffuagps, lands and tenements; land6, tcnc- ^ aj^ ajj qUarries, mines of coal, tin or lead, copper, munT brofi^V an!l y dfck ‘ron> °* other mine?, iron works, fait fprings and fak hereditaments works; aU allpm mine§ or works} allparjas, chaces, \yarre05,

woods,



£97

A P P E D i X.

woods, underwoods, coppices, and all fiflungs, tythes, t0}l*h arm u pies, and all other yearly profits; and alt hereditaments of what nature or kind foever they be, fcituafe, lying and betng^ happening or ariftng^ within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Btrwick upon Tweed, or within any the counties, cities, burroughs, towns, divifions, ridings, hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, pariihes and places thereof,* as well whhira ancient demcfiie, and other liberties and privileged places, as. without, shall be, and are nereby charged for one year only, chaigecfwitfti and no longer, with the sum of four (hillings for every twenty 4** in the ihiUings, of the full yearly value, and fo in proportion for any P°nnd of the greater or lefter value; and all and every person and bodies ^politick, and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities and ah perrons, brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate,* having Of bodies poli-holding^any manors, mefiua&es, lands, tenements, heredita^t,ck> &c:to snents, or other the premifie*, shall yield and pay unto. thei^ P*£*ds*,n thc J^ajofties the of four (hillings for every twenty (hilling9 by of what now is the year, which the said manofs, mefluages, lands, tenements* wortli to be hercdijtasncnts and other, the premifies are now worth to be leaf-lcafed bona fide cd, if the fame wefe truly and bona fide leafed or demifed at *^carack'rcnt,‘ raek rent, and. according to the full true yearly value thereof, ** * without any refpedt had td the present rents referved for the feme* if foeh rents have been referved upon inch leafes or states made, for which any fine or inoome hath been paid or fecured* or have been lefleoed or abated upon confideration of money laid out. or to be laid out iti improvements, and. without any refpedt bad to any former rates Or taxes thereupon impofed, or without He* making any abatement in refpeft of reparations, taxes, parish fP*fttore* duties or any other charges whatsoever, which faid fum offouS dutS and tpenty (hillings for the yearly profit of every hundred or other char-pound 3 value of all personal efiates, as aforesaid, and four (hil- get. lings for every twenty (hillings by the year of the said true yearly val^e of all other the premifies shall be afiefied, levied and To be paid at ccdledled in manner hereafter mentioned, and shall be paid into four quarterly Nthe receipt of their Majeftics exchequer by four quarterly pay-	'payt

^mepts; tl>e first payment thereof to be made upon the five and ment the 15th twentieth day of Marche which shall be in the year of our Lord, of March, ooetbpufand fix hundred ninety three.	l693-

V« And whereas many of the manors, mcjfuages, lands, tenements. Where lands, tythtb [hereditaments and premises, intended by,this aft to be charged ^ t^crg„jf* with the pound rate, as aforesaid, /land incumbered wither are fub- charges,6 an,' jtft and liable to the payment of froeral rent-charges or annuities nuities/or o-ijfaing out.of the same, or to the payment of divers fee-farm rents, thcr rent.. rents ftfyUe or other, rents thereupon.referved or chargedby reafon Vjhereof the true owners and proprietors of such moneys, mcjfuages, lands,, tenements, hereditaments and premifies do not in truth receive to their own ufi the true yearly value of the fume, for winch never-thelfis. they. are by (his aft charged to pay the full poundrateof foilr JhiU lings for every twntyjbillings of the true yearly value: It is therefore The landlords declared and enadted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and *nd ^ncrs. to * - may be lawful to and fox the landlords, owners and proprietors^ p0tJ,d 1	of/uch rents.





&S	A	PP £ N £> I Ij.A

ot£flidrmanors'^ thefluages, lands, tenements;' arid pfomtfles are cbarged with tbe porind riWj 'i t&2aatri and deduft and to retain and keep hi his'brtflWf'tefftN

payment of the refidue

Uniypittithrireoror thereupon i_________________________

led to fuch	pejfon	and perfotrs, '♦/ho are Or fhaM be any way itidtUM

rents upon^ wfrieh-rente1 and anmral payments, trie hereby required 'to al-low'foeh dCdodHdnsarid payments, wpon the receipt oftheta* •fldue 6f doth moneys as shall be due and payable to them fbt foeh rents or annual payments referred or charged, as afore* (aid.

'VI. And be it ftirthef enadted Ire the authority afarefiM, That for the better afleflirtg, ordering, levying end OolleEtfttd of'the several foms of money fo as aforefatd limited in! ap-pointed to be paid, and for the more effectual putting of this prtfent aft* in execution, all and every the persons nenftifief named shall be commiflioners of and for Hie several and tive counties, cities, burroughs, towns and places haultq mentioned.'	.	•	.;rjt

.......... Hertfollow the emmiffhnen mmtu	vm

. 1 -	>	•	*	•	■	■	■'*	n'*r

Which fald commiflioners fo, as tfore&id, nominated aHil appointed, shall \n the refpe&ive counties, cities, boroti^fc*, divifibris, towns and places for which they are appointed cM3* tniflioners refpe&ivdy, meet together at the moft ufual and co^> toon place of meeting within each of the (aid Counties, dtiei.

Xfemmi&WK ers tp meet

Mnon^tke^cth boroughs, towns, divifions and places refpe&ively, uporifMe oFppi? ^fifteenth1 day 6f February, which shall be *	‘	7	‘	*

and.thtn,to,

divide them* f4yc$,jFor the cxepHtiou.of

th%iion

in the year of ritfr

Lord; one thousand fix hundred ninety and two, and tbri'fifW fctimmiflioners, or fo many of them aslhall btt prefen^ itftBe flrftgeriertl meeting, or the major -part-of them, • may by thfclr COnlents and agreements divide, as well thetiifehres, as othCr —tfte comrtlifTioners not then prefent, for the execution of vhis 1101	into1	hundreds,	latheS, wapentakes, rapes, wards, totatils,

arid'Other places within their limits, priviledged or notpffti* any oth&rpatt fedged in such manner and form as to them shall frem expfcMR-ofthe county, dient (h evert Ijelefs not thereby to reftrain -the saideotririiff-Direct pre- fionefs from aftirig as commiflioners, in any other paHFbf inhabitants/ t^ie county or place for which they are nominated) and 4httl &c» m they direft their several or joynt precept or precepts to fuuhih* (hail think , habitants, high conftables, petty conftables, bayliffs -and b-convenient, ther ]jfce officers, and minifters, and such number of theta them "to a p. as t^e)' *n their difcretion shall think moft convenient,

exceeding |en Ana at luCh ttieif appearances,

Then to read u°Penly read orcaufe to be read unto them the ratCs and afleff-the rates, and Vnents in this aft mentioned, and also openly declare the dfftft ybarge th^m of their charge to them, and how and in what manfrtl' tBey bright and (hould make their certificates,-Sirid hriw-flktebtight ■%***-» proceed in the execution of this aft, according to the rates

afore*



 '

m

A PP E V *

And if any high conftable*, petty con&aUes, bafl*

^ inhabitants or othet officers or ipiniuers, to	any	Perfon* to

____^	/t-	.11	i_ i*_n_i _ ii r__ A _' r. i___ -	i	j*_ r f «aiU

p^^^flaoU be dirc&cd, shall abfent diemfeiv^wtfj^	whom pre-

excuse tojbe made put by the oaths or two Tcrpdible witneflps	a>

(which oaths the commiffiooers qr any tWo of xfrem ai^ hereby wiSktei ipopowered toadminifter) or if any person appearing shall zefqte cuic^to ?<* fRFve, then every (uch person fo makingdefeult, qt refpfi^g a to lejnre^ shall for every time of iuch default or refufal forfeit and lofe unto their Majeftics such firms as tl^^ommUltooq^ orfo tnanv.as shall be prefent, or the major: part of thembeing	i>r

prefen t, shall think fit, not exceeding the fumpf £vc pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings. And at and after such genera meeting had, and charge given, as aforesaid, thefaidcommii- At or after fionersihaJLtake care that warrants be iflTued forth and directed f“ch general ^ to,two at the lead of the moft able and fufficient inhabitants of mfffioner*°to1* ^each pari(h, towrdhip-or place*within.the refpe&ive divifions, direct war-^hereby appointing and requiring them to be afleflors of all and rant* to two of eypry the rates^nd duties by this ad impofe J, and shall therein aitoafipoinband prefix a certain day and place for the said af- tarn* of each feflors to appear before them, and to bring in their certificates pari/h, &c. in writing of the names and fimames of every person dwelling requiring 'and refiding within the limits of thofe places with which they tfball be charged, and of the fubftance and valuer of <p ' Qrt‘ tj>cm in ready money, debts, goods, chattels or other i eftater whatfoeyer (except before excepted) or in publics

a£-

(effort,

°J and to prefix jnal the afleflors a

_________r___/______________  jitjes	day and place

9* ijnplpyiqents of profit. And the (aid afleflors are thqr^q aI- !?^ng,”nccr* fo tp be inquired, and are hereby injoyned to afceijtain and in-	the

4prip tj^cmfelves, by all lawful ways and means they cap, pf the <!>f per-,|fye, ao^ full yearly value of all manors, mefluages, landsaqd Tods wfheU-i-t^epoepts, as also of all quarreys, mines »of coal* tin orlead,

.copper,, mundick or other mines, ironworks, fait fpringvvftpijd	1

7(alt works,, allom mines and works, parks, chafes, warpeps, ready money,

^wood69 under-woods and coppices, and all fi(bines, tythes, debb,1 good*, fpll% annuities and other yearly profits, and of allheredi^a-

of what nature or kind foever feituate, lying and being, ^teTorin * happening or arifing within the limits of thofe places withwWh offices or fm-_j^9i?)Lbe charged: and being fo thereof afeertained, they ptoymeritrof ^,40>al5:fs.all and every the said manors, mefluages, lands* t$-^esucnts.and premifles before appointed to be charged after the jrQ fafortn **' ;»rgte|pfLfour (hillings for every twenty (billings of the full yearly thtrtifdvHbv ‘^jplue,. a%the fame are. let for, or worth to be let at the time of arfHawfUrwhy* ?(%Bpgrthereof, as aforesaid, and to bring wkh them, at the thc ^ Wf^e aud place fo, as aforesaid, prefixed for their appearance, a qetti^cate in writing of tlie (aid aflefsment, and shall then also :aKl hereditjb yefu^p the names of two or more able and fufficient persons liv- menrs. ■*"' ting,within the limits and bounds of thofe pari(hes, townfliips,

I ccmliablewicks.pr places where they shall be chargeable refpec- ^Vof itf per rt^v^ljji.io be collectors of the moneys, to be paid to their Ma- pound, of {he , Jpfijes bv this a<^ i for whofe paying in to the head collcClor in fall yearly fa-^-qwiuncr hereafter .mentioned, fych moneys as they (halL j ^charged withri, the parifti or place wherein they arc

t'yjn	.	xWftir*





400	APPENDIX.

tificateof the ed shall be anfwerablc. And if any affeffor fo, as aforesaid, api afleifinent, pointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refufc to ferve, of two or more” ^all ma^e default at the time appointed for his appearance (not able persons to having a lawful excufe to be witneffed by the oaths of two crc-be collectors * dible witriefics, which the said comxniifioners or any two of for whole pay- them have power to adminifter) or shall not perform his duty, Sea^olledors cverY such affeffor shall for every such negledt, refufal or default, the parish or forfeit and lofe unto their Majefties such Aim as the compiflion-place to be ers, or fo many of them as fliall be prefent/ or the major part A<fe3?aWe* t^em shall think fit, not exceeding the futn of twenty pounds, JeC^^rre^* nor un<^cr fum °ftcn pounds, to be levied by diftrefe and fufmeto ferve, fale pf the offenders goods and chattels, in like manner, as by or ftuhting de- this ad is appointed for levying the several rates and afieffinents fafclt; forfeit a herein mentioned, in cafe of negled or refufal of payment, and ceSin^iol. to ** c^*rgcd Upon the refpedive receivers general, together or left than xol. with the said rates and afleffments. And every affeffor fo as a-to be levied by forefaid appointed, or tg.be appointed, shall before he take up-ddheft ^ (a*c on him the execution of the said imployment take the oaths to becharted ment>onc^ and required to be taken, by an ad made in the par-upon the rt- foment held in the first year of>their Majefties reign, entituJed, ceivet general, An act for the abrogating the oaths of fttpremacy and allegiance, and together with appointing other oaths, (which oaths any two commiflioners in afTeflments. county where the laid afftffment is to be made, have hereby Every afleifbr power, and are required h^teby to adminifter.) before he ads to take the oaths.

VIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^ Certificates of ^iat *he rates and afleffments upon all ready moneys* debts, the aVeffments goods, chattels, personal eftates, and publick offices and im-to be returned ployments of profit* charged by this ad,' shall be afeertained, to the courts ana the certificates thereof returned to the commiflioners upon of Febthea*th or ^e^orc fhe c*ght an<* twentieth day of February, one thousand unlefs com- hundred ninety two, unlefs the commiflioners shall think fit miflionrrs give to give further time: and also the taxations and afleffments <rf further time, the pound rate of four (hillings in the pound of the yearly value of all manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premiffes charged by this ad, shall be made and afeertained, and th£ several and refpedive certificates thereof returned into the commiflioners, upon or before the eight and twentieth day of February, aforesaid, unlefs the commiflioners shall think On return of fit to give further time. And upon return of any such certifi-tht ^th^* catc> comtn,(honers, or any three or more of them, shall miSoncrs^r1"anc* maY (if they fee caufe) examine the presenters thereof. And any three may if the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, with-examine the in their several limits, at the time of the return of the certifi-ff^heowfi if cates» as af°rehud, or within twenty days after, shall know or fioners^H have g°°d cau^c t0 hifpcd, That any person or persons, or any fufped that the manors, meffuages, lands, or other the premiffes, which any persons or ought to be mentioned and charged in the said certificates, is or <Tu lit'to be are om*ttc<* > or that any person or persons in the fyd ccrtifi-chw-ged°are cates mentioned, is or are of a greater eftatc ; or that any the omitted, faid manors, or other premiffes, arc of a greater yearly value or any perfon	than

 ooQle

APPENDIX;

401

than in the (aid certificate is mentioned, the said commissioners, <>f » greatere. or any three or more of* them shall have power to fummon £***	*

fuch person or persons, and the owners or poflefiors of such yeariy^alue manors or other premises to appear before them at a day and thanmernion-place prefixed, to be examined touching the matters aforesaid. ed inthecerti-And if the person or persons fummoned, to*be fo examined shall commifliore-s neglect to appear (not baving.a reafonable excufe for such his oramythre®^ default) every person fo making default, shall pay to their Ma- more have jellies double the fum he should or ought, to have been fet at or power to lura-rated. And moreover the commissioners, or the major part of JPon P®1** fo many of them as shall be prefent, shall have power by all Crs of lands” lawful ways and means to examine into the estate of such per- to appear at a fon, and the value of such premises chargeable by this a&, and day and place to fet such rate or rates upon the lame, as shall be according prefixed to be to the true intent of this a&. And the said aflefibrs are hereby cbhigthe Aid required to give one copy of their certificates or aflefiinents fair- matter*, iy written and fubferibed by them unto the said commi(fioners» Perfons fum-by whom they were appointed. And the said commissioners, or moned notap-any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to	real

cayfe the laid several and refpedtive aflefiinents to them deliver- fonabte ex- * ed (when by them approved of, or alteredt according to the cufe) to pay true intent of this a£t) to be fairly written, and to fign and feal double the several duplicates or copies of the said afleflment; and one of to^eratelh C them fo ligned and fealed forthwith to deliver, or caufe to be Commiflioners delivered unto the fubcolledtors, and shall likewife deliver or or the major caufe to be delivered other copies thereof fo figned and fealed Part present unto the head colle&ors and receivers general, according to their examme^nto? several and refpe&ive colle&ions and receipts. And moreover, the estate of the commissioners shall caufe a true copy or extra& of the whole such perfon, fums aflefled and charged within every hundred, lathe, wapen- al*d the value take, parilh, ward, or place, rated or aflefled in purfuajice of andTcTfet this ad, and of the whole fums rated or aflefled upon personal such ratcs ac> eftates, offices, or imployments, to be certified, and tranfmit- cording to the ted into their Majefiies court of exchequer, under the hands intent of the and feals of any two or more of the commissioners, but without naming the persons in such their certificates. And this the said g$ve one ^py commissioners shall caufe to be done upon or before the twen- of their afieff-tieth day of Manb then next enfuing, or within thirty days mentsto the after (all appeals to them made being first determined) And the Kings remembrancer in the exchequer, for the time being, (hall, t<j caufc the and is hereby required, within three months after the duplicates fame to be of the last payment shall be tranfmitted to him, to tranferibe ajl fairly written, .the fchedules and duplicates of the fums returned to him from J^de^icates and for every reipective county, riding, city and town, and one toPbe del* every hundred, wapentake, parilh, divifion, tqwn and place Uvered to the therein, in a book of parchment in alphabetical order, and in fubcolleaors. a fair legible hand-writing j and within three months after the ^cadconeAori fame shall be fo by him received, to tranfmit all and every the ^ receivers* ! fame.fchedules and duplicates to the office of writer of the tallies, general, commonly called the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, Commiflion-Who is hereby fik^wife authorized and required to enter Vol. XXIII.	D d the wholefeijis



402	A p Pend i tf.

charged, See. fame in the like alphabetical order in another book of parch-

to be certified ment fairly written, to be provided for that purpofe. into the ex-	'	r	r r

chequerbefore the twentieth day of March, or within thirty days after. King* remembrancer within three months to transcribe the duplicates, Sec. And within three months after to tranfmit the fame to the officers of the receipt.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ersTo'iSe1" ^at the commiflioncrs, or any two or more of them shall if* warrants^o fae out their warrants or eftreats to the fubcolleCtors, under their the fubcollec- hands and feals, thereby requiring them to levy and colled one tors for levy- fourth part of the rates and aflemnents in refpeCk of their per-ing» &c* fonal eftates, offices and imployments, and also one fourth part of the pound rate charged upon all manors, tnefliiages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and premifles, as aforesaid. And to levy and”	fubcolle&ors	are	hereby required and enjoyned to levy

collect accord- and colled the fame, according to the duplicates thereof by ing-to their them received, and according to the intent and directions rf duplicates, this a<q. and to make demand of the said rates and afleffments mandoftheuPon personal eftates, offices and imployments, of the parties rates on per- themfelves if they can be found, or otnerwife at the place of fonal eftates their laft abode ; and to pay the fame unto their refpeCtive head and offices of collectors, on or before the tenth day of March, one thousand themfeWe*, if hundred ninety two, or within twenty days after. And the they can be faid head collectors are to haften the said fubcofleCtors, and in found, to be cafe the fame shall not be collected by reafon of negleCt or pajd to the failure of duty of the said fubeolle&ors, the said head collectors fore the”oth* are to *cvy warrant under the hands and feals of any two or of -March. more of the said commissioners, by diftrefs upon the fubcollec-Headcollec- tors refpeCtively, such fum and fums of money, as by him and torstohaften them ought to have been paid, and is or are not paid, by reafon tow. *>C° CC" his failure in doing his duty, according to the directions of In cafe of neg- this aCt. And every head collector is hereby required to make Utt of the payment, of what shall be fo levyed or received, unto the re-fubcollectors ceiver general of the said county, city or place, upon or before ' jcvicdlbVdi- twentieth day of March aforesaid, or within twenty days ftreft and fal'e afar. And the receiver general is likewife required to call upon of goods. and haften the said head collectors, and to pay what he shall re-Head codec- ceive from the said head collectors unto their Majefties receipt [^receiver** cxchequer, upon or before the five and twentieth day of general before March aforesaid, or within twenty days after, to the end that the aoth of the first payment of the said rates and afleffments may by that March. time be fully anfwered and paid in to their Majefties. And the pa^iiuothe hibcolleCtors shall also levy the second quarterly payment of the receipt of the kid ratcs an<* afleflhients, charged as aforesaid, upon or before exchequer be- the second day of June then next enfuing, or withm twenty fore the *5tb days after, and shall also pay the fame in to the head collectors TimeVfor the uPon or ^ore 1^1C n*nfh day of June aforesaid, or within twenty ad quarterly days aftcr* And the said head collectors shall make payment payment. thereof to the receiver gencral^of the said county, city or place, upon or before the sixteenth day of June aforesaid, or within twenty days after. And the said receiver general is also required to make payment of all which he shall fo receive into thdr

Majefties



403

A P PEN D I X*

Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the four and twentieth day of June aforesaid, or within twenty days after; to the end that the second payment of the said rates and aflefs-ments fo charged, as aforesaid, may by that time be fully an-fwered and paid in to their Majefties. And the said fubcollec- rpime8 thf tors are also required and enjoyned to levy one other quarterly 3d quarterly payment of the said rates and afleflments charged, as aforesaid, payment, upon or before the fourth day of September then next enfuing, and (hail also pay the fame unto the said refpeCtive bead collectors on or before the twelfth day of September aforesaid, or within twenty days after. And the said head collectors are to haften the laid fubcolleCtors; and in cafe the fame shall not be collected by reafon of neglect or failure of duty in the said fubcolleCtors* the head collectors are to proceed againft them by diftrefs in like manner, and by like warrant, as aforesaid. And every head collector is hereby required to make payment of what (nail be fo levied or received unto the receiver general of the raid county, city, or place, upon or before the twentieth day of September aforesaid, or within twenty days after. And the receiver general is likewife required to call upon and haften the said head collectors, and to pay what he shall receive from the said head collectors into their Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the nine and twentieth day of September aforesaid, or within twenty days after, to the end that the third payment of the said rates and afleflments may by that time be fully anfwered and paid in to their Majefties. And the fubcolleCtors shall also Times for the levy one other quarterly payment of the said rates and aflefs- ]aft quarterly ments charged, as aforesaid, upon or before the second day of payment. December then next enfuing, or within twenty days after, and shall also pay the fame unto the said head collectors upon or before the ninth day of December aforesaid, or within twenty days after; And the (aid head collectors shall make payment thereof to the receiver general of the said county, city of place, upon or before the (ixteenth day of December aforesaid, or within twenty days after. And the said receiver general is also required to make payment of all which he shall fo receive into their Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the five and twentieth day of December aforesaid, or within twenty days after; to the end that the fourth and laft quarterly payment of the said rates and afleflments fo charged, as aforesaid, may by that time be fully anfwered and paid in to their Majefties. And all com- All persons miflioners, collectors and receivers are hereby required and en- concerned m joyned to apply themfelves with all diligence to the moft fpeedy	aft	to

and effectual execution of their several and refpeCtive duties, ufe diligence, and to ufe their utmoft endeavours that all eftates herein charged &c. may equally pay the rates and afleflments according to the direction of this aCt, that fo their Majefties service herein may pot be delayed or bindtred through any of their wilful neglect or default.

IX.	And it is further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid* That the numeys received by tbe fubcolleCtors, with-

P d 2	in



APPENDIX.

in their refpe&ive divifions or hundreds, shall from time to time he duly paid to the head collectors, whofe receipt shall be a fufficient difcharge unto every such fubcolleCtor, which fubcol-leSor for gathering the faki particular fums shall retain in his hands for every twenty (hillings by him fo paid three pence, as tb have 3d. in a rewarcj for hJs pains and fervice. And the head collectors whath^Tre- ** accordingly pay over the said moneys unto the receiver general of each county, city, or place refpeCtively, in manner

404

Head collectors receipt a difcharge to the fubcol-te£lor.

SubcolteCtor

ceives.

Head colleftor aforefaid; (which head collector or collectors shall be nomi-to be appoint- nalcd an(j appointed by the receiver general of the refpetfive e y receiver. countjes^ which faid receiver general mall be anfwerable for all such fums of money as fiiall be by him or them collected or re-No fubcollec- ceived. And that no fubcolleCtor shall be inforced. to travel tortobeforced above the fpace of ten miles for the payment of thefaid moneys Smiles^y h*in	or received; and the said receiver

generals acquittance shall be a fufficient difcharge unto every fitch head collector. And the receiver general shall pay the whole fum by him received into the receipt of their Majefties exchequer in such manner, and at or before such days and times as are herein before limited; and shall have an allowance of two pence in the pound for all moneys, which shall be by him paid into the receipt of the exchequer upon or before the times prefixed in this aCh

X.	And for the careful writing and tranferibing the said warrants, certificates, eftreats and duplicates in due time, it Is further enaCted, That the commiflioners clerks, who shall refpec-tively perform the fame, shall by warrant under two or more of ; one peny the commiflioners hands, have and receive from the refpedlive pountHor receivers general, one peny in the pound of all such moneys as he or they shall have received by virtue of such warrants and eftreats, who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the fame accordingly. And if any person shall negleCt or refufe to pay the several rates and afleAments, wherewith he is charged by this aCt for or in refpeCt of his personal eftate, offices, or employments, and which he ought to pay; or if the pound rate, or any payment thereof fo, as aforesaid, charged upon any manors, meflages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises, shall be neglected or refufed to be paid, then upon demand made by the officer or collector of the place, according to the precept or eftreat to him delivered by the said commiflioners* it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer or collector, and he and they is and are hereby required for non-payment thereof to diftrain the perfou or persons fo refufing or negleCtiqg to pay, by his or their goods or chattels, or to diftrain upon.the

...... meflu3ges, lands, tenements and pi emifles fo charged, and the

owaersch'arge, goods and chattels then and there found, and. the diftrcf$ fo then to be ap- taken, to keep by the fpace of four days at the cofts and charges praifed and 0f the ownpr thereof. And if the said owner do not pay the fum overplus rc-C money> by this aCt, within the said four days, then the ttored. faid diftrefs to be appraifed by two or three of the inhabitants where the said cjiftrefs is taken,and to be loltf by the laid officer or 6	col-

CommttTi oners clerks to have < per pound writing the warrants, &c.

In cafe of lion-payment coHectors to diftrain, and to keep the diftrefs 4 days at the



APPENDIX.

collector, for the payment of the said money, and the overplus

405

open in the day time any houfe, and upon warrant under the day time, hands and feals of any two or more of the said commiflioners, and by war* any cheft, trunk or box, or other things where such goods are, calling to their affiftance the conltables, tythingmen or hcadbo- any cheft, &c. roughs, within the counties, towns or places, where any refu- calling to af-fal, negled or refiftance shall be made \ which faid officers are hereby required to be aiding and aflifting in the premifles.	conltables,&c.

XI.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid, parcnte and That where any person or persons chargeable with any rates or guardians to afleflments by this a& impofed shall be under the age of one pay the rates and twenty years, in every such cafe, the parents, guardians, ;rop°f«d on or tutors of such infants refpedVively, upon default of paymentln ants* . by such infants, shall be and are hereby made liable to and chargeable with the payments which luch infants ought to

have made ; and if such parents, guardians or tutors (hau neg- and uponneg-le<5t or refufe to pay, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to l^^^ceed. proceed againft them in like manner, as againft arty other per- ^dagmnft^* fon or persons making default of payment, as herein before ap- other defaul-pointed. And all parents, guardians or tutors, making pay- ters. ment, as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the fums fo paid for such infants upon his and their accounts. And the feve- paid to ral and refpeftive tenants of all and every the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles which by virtue coanUt of this alft shall be chargeable with any pound rates, as aforesaid, are hereby required and authorized to pay such fum or fums of money as lhall be rated upon such manors, mefluages. Tenants fo lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles, and to dedu<ft pay therate** out of their rents so much of the said rates, as in refpedl of the *t theii faid rents payable for such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rcnt to hereditaments or premifles the landlord (hould and ought to landlords, bear. And all landlords, both mediate and immediate (according to their refpedlive interefts) are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, upon receipt of the refidue of the rents: and every tenant, paying the said afleflments of the pound rates, shall be and is hereby acquitted and difeharged for so much money as the said afleflment shall amount unto, a$ if the fame had been actually paid unto such person or persons unto whom his rent (hould have been due and payable.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That every person rated or pcrfon| t0 aflefled for his office or employment shall be rated and pay for rated for offi-his faid office and employment in the county, city or place ces at the where such office or imployment is executed. And every per- places where fon who is or shall be rated for or in refpeft of any personal a*^1**^. estate to him any way belonging, shall he rated at such place fonai eft?tei where he or (he shall be refident at the time of the execution of where they this a<t. And all persons not being houfliolders, nor having a shall reft* pertain place of refidence, lhall be taxed at the place where p*"£ns n0t

^ ^ 3	houftiolders at

the place where such lands lie.

Any person in {

40 6	APPENDIX.

the phce they shall be refident at the time of the execution of this ad thaH behr«G- And ^ any Per^otl who ought to be taxed by virtue of this ad, dent at the ex- ^or or *n re^Pe<^ of his personal eftate, shall at the time of his ecution of the a(Te(Tment be out of the realm, such person shall be rated thereat-	fore in such county, city or place where he was laft abiding

Perfon out of within the realm, the realm to

be rated for personal estate at the place he was laft refident within the realm.

Any person XIII. Provided, That where any person shall have any goods, having goods, wares, or merchandizes in any county or counties other than &c. in any the county where he shall be refident, or had his laft refidence,

tha ? the^coun- *u	law^ t0 rate or a^e^s such person for such goods,

ty wherein he wares and merchandizes in the county or counties where the lives) to be fame shall be, and every person who mall be rated or aflefled rated in the for or jn refpedt of any manors, mefliiages^ lands, tenements the goods are.or ot^cr premifles, according to the pound rate of four Perfons to be * shillings, as aforesaid, shall be rated and aflefled in the place rated for where such mefluages, manors, lands, tenements, hercdita-lands, &c. in ments and premifles, refpedHvely do lye, and not elsewhere.

XIV. Provided always. That if any person or persons by reafon of his or their having several manfion houfes, or places

_____Aof refidence, or otherwise shall be doubly charged by ocofion

reffiaoffeve- of this a<ft, for or in refpecft of his or their personal eftate, then ral places of upon certificate made by two or more of the comtxiiflioners for refidence the COunty, city, or place of his or their laft personal refidence, charledfo/ unc*er their hands and feals, of the fum or fums charged upon his perfonale- him or them, and in what capacity or refpedt he or they were (late upon cer- fo charged (which certificate the said commiflioners arc required t0 8*vc w*fhout delay, fee, or reward) And upon oath made to bedifehare- hich cert*hcate before any one justice of the peace of the ed forfo much, county or place where the said certificate shall be made (which oath the said justice of peace is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) then the person and persons fo doubly charged, shall for so much as shall be fo certified, be difeharged in every other county, city or place. And if any person that ought to Any person be taxed by virtue of this acl, for or in reaped of his personal who by chang- eftate, shall by changing his place of refidence, or by anyother ingh»s place fraud or covin, efcape from the taxation, and not be taxed, otherfraud °r anc* the ^ame he Prove<* before the commiflioners, or any two shall efcape* of them, or before any tWo juftices of the peace of the county being taxed, where such person dwelleth or refideth at any time within one upou proof year next enfuing after such tax made, every person that shall fo doubly charg- e^caPe from the taxation and payment, shall be charged (upon ed. * S proof thereof) at the double value of so much as he (hould or ought to have been taxed at by this ad, the said double value upon certificate thereof made into the exchequer by the com-iniflioners or juftices (before whom such proof shall be made) to be levied of the goods, lands and tenements of such perfons. Every houf-; XV. And for the better discovery of personal eftates, be it an^ccounf of father enaded by the authority aforesaid. That every houlhold-bis lodgers to er lhall uPon the demand of the afleflors of the reipedive pa-tlie afleflors. ri(hes or places, give an account of the names and qualities of

fuch





4*7

A P P E N D I X.

filch persons is shall fojoum or lodge in their refpeftive hoafes.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflion-That the commifiioners that shall be within any county, city,w*thin or place within the refpeftive limits, or the major part of them, each" (hah rate, tax, and aflefs every other commiffioner joyn'd with other for their them, for, and in refpeft of the ready money, debts, goods, personal e-chattels, and personal estate of such commifiioners, and also and offer and in refpeft of the offices and impfoyments of profit, **ce8, which at the time of such taxation shall be held and enjoyed by

fuch commifiioners, fo as the refidence and ufual dwelling place of such commiffioner fo to be taxed, be within the divifion of such commiffioner by whom he is taxed, and fo as the office or imployment held and injoyed by such commiffioner fo to be taxed, be likewife to be exercifed within the divifion or limits of such commiffioner by whom he is to be taxed. And the commifiioners within their divifion, shall also aflefs every afleflor Commiflion-within their divifion, for all and Angular the premififes for which ton.alIlc^ by this aft he ought to be rated and aflefled, and as well allthe c 0l,‘ fums aflefled upon every the said commifiioners and afieflors as the aflefsments made and fet by the afieflors aforesaid, shall be written, efireated, levied and gathered as the fame (hould and pught to have been, if such commifiioners had not been named pommiffioners.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Every person That all and every person and persons having any (hare or (hares, having a lhare or intereds in any fre(h dream of running waters brought to in

the north parts of London, commonly called, The New River, Hyde Park^or or in any Thames water-works, or in the Hyde-Park, or Mary- M^y-bone* hone waters, or any rents or profits arifing thereby, and all and waters or pro* every person and persons having any (hare or intered in the fits arifing dock or docks for printing of books in or belonging to the orany interest house commonly called. The Kings Printing-Houfey shall pay for \a thc Kings the fame the sum of four (hillings for every twenty (hillings of Printing-the full yearly value thereof. And all and every person and per- houfe, to pay fons having any (hare or (hares, or intered in the river water *8*J”dthe brought to the north part of London, or in any Thames water- Every person works, or the Hide-Park or Mary-bone waters, or in any rents having (harp or profits arifing thereby charged by this aft r and also the said or interest 1* dock and (hares for printing, as aforesaid, shall be aflefled for^erwate^ the fame by the commiflioners nominated and appointed for the Thames, Hide city of London, or any three of them, after the rates herein con- Park,orMaryr tained : and the fame shall be paid to such person or persons as hone waters, the said commifiioners shall appoint by the treafurers or receivers ^^for*** of the said river waters, and water-works, and dock forprint- primings ing, and to be dedufted at and out of their next dividend. shall be aflef. fed by the commiflioners appointed for the city of London. And the fuimtobcpaii} by the refpeftive treafurers or receivers.

XVIII.	Provided also, That this aft shall not extend to the Aft not toex-inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jerfcyy or Guernsey, for and tendtoinhabi-concerning any such personal eftate, which they or any to their

cuiiuciuuig auy iuui pcuunai ciiaic, wuii.ii mty ui any 10 uicir ,	,	.	.	.

ufe have within the said kingdoms and iflands. And if any or 1

P<U

perfon CJiienif;y f«j-



408	A	P	P	E'N	D I x;

perfon* eftate* person or pcrfons certified, aflefled or rated for or in rtfpeSkof ni thoTe places, any reai or pcrfonal eftate, or for or in re(pedtx>f any matter or feffed^nding thing for which by this ad he or they is or may be rated or himfelf agrict charged, do find him or themfelves agrieved with such afieffiog vedroayap- or rating, and do within ten days after demand thereof made, Efjd*	complain	to the commiflioners, the said cornmiflioners, or any

part o^the ®vc or morc °f them, fo as the major part of the comnatflion* commiflioners trs who figned or allowed his or their rates be prefenr, shall and who figned the may within ten days next after such complaint, particularly ear-rate shall with- amine any person or persons upon his or their oath, touching afterftKrhap- the vahie of his or their real or personal .eftate, and other tbe peal examine matters aforefaid; and upon due examination or knowledge the person op-thereof abate, defalk, increafe or enlarge the said afleffeoient; on oath, and anc| the fo abated, increafed or enlarged shall be levied, waft their" anc* he ccrt*he(i or eftreated into the exchequer, in manner afleffment. aforesaid. And to that end the said commiftioners are hereby Commiflion- required to meet together for the determining of such complaints ersreqmredto affo appeals accordingly, and for this end to exprefs in their tordettfminf warrants t0 the collectors the times and places for determining ing appeals. * appeals, and appeals once heard and determined to be final, without any further appeal upon any pretence whatfoever.

Any afleflor, XIX. And it is further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid, collector, re- That if any. afleffor, colledor, receiver, or other person ap-PoirUec^ by the commiflioners, lhall wilfully negled or refufe to reftifing todoP°I/orm his duty in the due and fpeedy execution of thitf ad: his duty, or if any afleffor shall wittingly or knowingly under-rate or af-fefs at an under value, any person or thing chargeable by this Commiflioners the said refpedive commiflioners, or any three or more of or *ny three them may and shall by virtue of this ad, impofe on such person foall impofe a an(j perfong fo refufing, neglecting, or not performing their do-ceediAg^Dl. any fine, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, nor noriuMicriohtmder the sum of ten pounds for every offence; which faidftne shall not be taken off, or difeharged, but by theconfenrof the majority of the commiflioners who impofed the fame; the said fines to be levied and certified, as aforesaid, into their Majefties court of exchequer, and charged upon the refpedive receivers Anv two of Sacral amongft the reft of the rates aforesaid. And the laid the commit- commiflioners, or any two or more of them, may and lhall (loners may from time to time call for and require an account from the nc-requirc an ac.fpedive receivers general, of all the moneys received by him of the recovers ^ head c?^e<^ors> and of the payment thereof into their general. Majefties receipt of exchequer, according to the dire&ion of this ad: and in cafe of any failure in the premises the said commiflioners, or any two or more of them are hereby required to cauffe the fame to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

If any contro- XX. And it is hereby enaded and declared, That in cafe verfie arile any controveffie arife concerning the said affeiTmeots, or the di-viding, apportioning or payment thereof, which concerns any c^miffioif- commiflioners by this ad appointed, That the commiflion-<i $ the com- ers fo concerned in the said coritroverfic, shall have qo voice, but

(hall



A P P E N D I X,

469

fall withdraw at the time of the debate of any such controverfie, miffioncra until it be determined by the reft of the commifiioners : andc™5*rned in default thereof. That the comtmfiioners then present shall tSTde-" have power, and are hereby required to impofe such fine or bate, fines, as to thenrrihall be thought fit, upon such commifiioners And in default fo refilling to withdraw, not exceeding the futn of twenty J.hc commif. pounds; and to caufe the fame to be levied and paid, as other n,°ay^t^ fines to be impofed by virtue of this aft are to be levied and not exceeding paid. And all queftions and differences that shall arife touching aol. any of the said rates, taxes, afiefiments or levies shall be heard AUqudlions and finally determined by the commifiioners, in such manner cneestobedels by this aft is direfted, upon complaint thereof to them made termined by by any person or persons thereby grieved, without further trouble, the commif-or fuit in the law. And the said receivers general shall give ac- fioners. quittances (gratis) to the said head colleftors, for all moneys of them received .* and the said head colleftors shall also give ac- the head col-quittancesr (gratis) to the fubcolleftors for all such moneys as leaors, re-Ihall be paid them in purfuance of this aft: and the said IWv g^tis. collectors shall make and deliver to the (aid head collectors a rivere-perfect fchedule fairly written in parchment under their hands ceipts gratis*^" and feals, figned and allowed by any two or more of the refpec- to the fubcol-tivc commifiioners, containing the names, firnames and places le^ors1; « of abode of every person within their refpeftive collections,

•that shall make default of payment of any of the fums that shall fchedtile to the be rated or afiefied on such person by virtue of this aft, where head colleftors no fufficient diftrefs is to be found, and not otherwife, and the of thofe that film and fums charged on every such person : the fame fchedule ™fak*

*0 be delivered by the head colleftor, to the receiver general of ^here There is the county, city, or place refpeftively, to be by him returned no diftrefs. into their Majefties court of exchequer, whereupon every per- Which fche-fon fo making default of payment may be charged by procefs °f	ter

the (aid court, according to the courfc of the court of exchequer the receivers in such cafes.	general.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No priviledge That no letters patents granted by their Majefties or any of of exemption their royal progenitors, to any person or persons, cities, bo-

roughs, or towns corporate within this realm, of any manner ^ of liberties, priviledges, or exemptions from fubfidies, tolls, granted by taxes, afiefiments or aids, shall be conftrued or taken to exempt this aft. any person or persons, city, place, borough or town-corporate, or any of the inhabitants of the same, or in the Tower of London, from the burthen and charge of any fum or (urns of money granted by this aft; but that all and every such person and persons, city, place, borough and town-corporate, shall pay their proportions of all rates and afiefiments by this present aft impofed; any such letters patents, grants or charters, or any clause of Non Obftante matter or thing therein contained, or any law, ftatute, cuftoin or prefeription to the contrary not- • withftanding.

XXII.	Provided alfo. That no person inhabiting in any city, inhabitants in borough oy town-corporate, shall be compelled to fie an aflef- cities, bo-

forroughs or townscorpo*





4io

rate, not compellable to be affeffors or collectors out of the limits.

Aft not to charge the fo-jdeties of col-ledges or halls in theuniver-fities, See.

Or any reader, officer or mi-nifter in the janiverfities, colleges or halls, or the mailers or tklhers of fdiools for their Itipends, or the boufes or lands of Chrifts Hofpital, Sec. or of any hof-jrital or alms* houfe, in re-fpeft only of the rents to be received for the immediate relief of the poor therein. Tenants of hofpitals to be rated for what the lands are worth above the rents re-ierved.

Inhabitants in cities and towns-corpo-rate, dwelling in one parish or ward, and having goods in another, to be aflelfed where they dwell.

All places to be afleffed in such county, divifion or place where ufually afleffed.

A* P P E N D I X.

for or collector of or for any part of the rates and aflefleneatf hereby granted in any place or places out of the limits of the (aid city, borough or town-corporate.

XXIII.	Provided, That nothing contained in this aft shall extend to charge any colledge or bail in either of the two uni-verfities, or the colledges of Wtndfor, Eaton, Winton or IVtft-tmnjior, or the corporation of the govemours of the charity for relief of poor widows and children of clergymen, or the ooi-ledge of Bromley, or any hofpital, for or in refpeft: of the feites of the raid colledges, halls or hofpitals, or any mailer, fellow or fchollar of any such colledge or hall, or any reader, officer, or mrnifter of the said universities, colledges or halls, or any mailer or uiher of any fchool, for or in relped of any ftipend, wages or profits whatfoever arifing or growing due to them in refpeft of the said several places and employments in the said univeriities, colledges or fchools, or to charge any of the houfef or lands belonging to Chrifls Hofpital, St. Bartholomews, Bridewell, St. Thomas and Bethlehem hofpital in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or any of them> or the said corporation of tne governors of the charity for relief of poor widows and children of clergymen, or the colledge of Bromley, nor to extend to charge any other hofpital or almihoufes, for or in rer fpeft only of any rents or revenues payable to the said hospitals or almihoufes being to be received and diiburfed for the immer diate ufe and relief of the poor in the said hofpitals or alms-houfes only.

XXIV.	Provided, That no tenants of any lands or houses by leafe or grant from the said corporation or any of the said hospitals or almihoufes do claim or enjoy any freedom or exemption by this aft, but that all the houses and lands which they fo hold, shall be rated and affefled for so much as they are yearly worth over and above the rents referved and payable to the said corporation, or to the said hofpitals or almihoufes, to be received and diiburfed for the immediate fupport and relief of the poor in the said hofpitals and almihoufes..

XXV.	Provided alfo. That where any person inhabiting within the city of London, or any other city or town-corporate hath his dwelling-houfe in one of the pariihes and wards therein, and hath any goods, wares, or merchandizes chargeable by this aft, in one or more of the other pariihes or wards in the fame city, that then such person shall be charged, taxed and aP felled for such his goods and merchandizes in the parithor ward where he dwelieth, and not elsewhere in the said city.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding all obilruftions and delays in affeffing and collefting the fums which by.tbis aft are to be rated and afleffed, all places, conftablewicks, divifions and allotments, which have ufed to be rated and afleffed, shall pay and be affefled in such county, hundred, rape, wapentake, con-ftablewick, divifion, place and allotment, as the lame hath heretofore ufually been afleffed in, and not elsewhere.

APPENDIX.	4M

XXVII.	Provided always, ai)d be it further enaded, That Where lands in cafe any lands or houses in any pariflh or conftablewick shall j^koufesare lye unoccupied and no diftrefs can be found on the fame nor the ^a^ocliftreli person of the true owner or proprietor can be found within the por the person county wherein such house or land lieth, by reafon whereof the pf the owner rate and affefsment upon such unoccupied house and lands can- bc found* not be levied, that then upon complaint made thereof to the owner^to commiflioners for the county, where such cafe shall happen to be certified be, the (aid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, shall into the ex-certifie into their Majefties court of exchequer, the name of the clwquer $ person whofe lands or house fo lieth unoccupied, together with

the fum thereupon aflefled, and the parish or place where fijcl* land or house lieth; which certificate is hereby declared to be a Which certifi. fufficient charge upon the person and land or house therein c^r^^nd * named, and shall make the person debtor to their Majeftie? for procefstoiflue the fum fo aflefled. And the court of exchequer shall iffue out againft the bo* procefs thereupon againft the body, goods and all other the lands dy>Jands and of foch debtor, until the fum fo afleded be fully and aduajly S00**8-levied and paid to their Majefties.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That Commiffion- * at the expiration of the refpedive times in this ad preferred ers to examine for the full payment of the several and refpedive rates and af- touching the fefsments herein before granted, the several and refpcdiye com- 0£ ipiflioners, or any two or more of them within their divifion

and hundred, shall and are hereby required to call before them the chief colledors and fubcolledors within each refpedive divifion and hundred, to examine and allure themfelves of the full and whole payment of the particular fum and fums of money charged within and upon the said divifion and hundred, and every parish and place therein, and of the due return of the same into the hands of the receiver general of the said county, city, town and place refpedively ; and by such receiver general, to the receipt of their Majefties exchequer, to the end there may be no failure in the payment of any part of the rates and affefsments which by this ad ought to be levied and paid. Ahd in cafe of any failure in the premifles, the commiflioners, or any two of them, are to caufe the fame forthwith to be levied ana paid according to the true intent and meaning of this ad-

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afprefaid, if any adion That if any adion, fuit, plaint, or information, shall be com- be profccuted menced or profecuted againft any person or persons for whatfo- J>r ai?V th,nS ever he or they ihall do in purfuance or in execution of this ad, f^ceTo^This such person or persons fo fued in any court whatfoever, shall adf the dc-and may plead the general iflue. Not guilty ; and upon any if- fendant may fue joyned, may give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence.

And if the plaintiff or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or for- this aflt bear further profecution, or fuffer discontinuance, or if a ver- and the fpecial did shall pafs againft him, the defendants shall recover their matter in evi-treble cofts, for which they shall have the like remedy as in ?5n5e#	.

cafe where cofts by law are given to the defendants.	benonuik^w

verdid pafs againft him the defendant ihall recover treble cofts.

XXX.	PrO-

APPENDIX.

owner.

In all extrapa rochial and priviledged

one or more Colleftors.

Nothing in this aft to 9>ake void contrafts between land-

AlTeflmentson. XXX. Provided always and bp it enafted, That every rate, houses where tax or aflefsmeot which shall be made or impofed by virtue of ftersXal?be" !^IS a<^» re*Pe<^ °f any house or tenement which an ambaf-refident* shall fador, refident, agent or other pqblick minifter of any foreign be paid by the prince or (late, now doth or shall hereafter inhabit or occupy, landlord or (ball be paid by the landlord or owner of the said houses or tenements refpeftively.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all priviledged and other places, being extraparochial

r ^ or not, within any the conftablewicks or precinfts or the re-commi(Tioners/Pe<^‘ve aflefTors,t0 he appointed by virtue of this aft, (although or any two, * in any monthly or other tax they have not been aflefled or rated are required heretofore) the said commiflioners or any two or more of them, to nominate (ball and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two 6t or nwr the* Per^ons living in or near the said priviledged or other places, as fhid places to aforesaid, to be afleffors for the said places, and to make and be alieffors, return their afleflments, in like manner as by this aft is ap-and to appoint pointed, in any parifh, tything or place; and ajfo to appoint one or more colleftors, who are hereby required to colleft and pay the fame according to the rates appointed by this aft for the collefting and paying all fums of money payable by this aft.

XXXII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained, shall be conftrued to alter, change, determine or make void any contrafts, covenants, or agreements whatfoever between

iwccn rai.u landlord and tenant, or others touching the payment of taxes lor^orTenant or aflefsments ; any thing herein before contained to the Conor others, trary notwithftanding.

touching pay- XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the mentof taxes, authority aforesaid. That no commiflioner or coramiffioner3 Noc^.*-who (ball be imployed in the execution of this aft, shall be liable to the Hable for or by rcafon qf such execution, to any of the penalties penalties in the mentioned in the aft made in the five and twentieth year of the aft of 15 Car, reign of King Charles the Second, for the preventing of dangers a.touchingpo- yvhich may happen from popifh recufant$. pWh r ecu rants. XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacled. That no per-r ?on^hal[ he ^on ^ c1Pa^e afting as a commiflioner in the execution capable to aft tl1,s a<^ before he shall have taken the oaths appointed by before he have an act of parliament made in the first year of their Majeftics taken the reign, entituled, An act for abrogating of the oaths of fupremtt} aft^W a'u* aH££ianc€* Qfh^ appointing other oaths ; which oaths it flydj be for abrogating lawful for any two or more commifTioncrs to ad minifter, and the oaths of * arc hereby required to adminrfter to any other Commiflioner. allegiance and fupremacy, See. Which oaths any two or more of the cotnmiffioners are are required to adtmniftcr.

Tvery papift of XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the age of 16 That every papift, or reputed papift being of the age of ftxteen So^avin^ta years or uPwards, who shall not have taken the oaths mention-ken the'oaths ®d, and required to be taken by the said laft mentioned aft, inthelaftmen shall yield and pay unto their Majefties double the fums and tioned aft,	rates which by force or virtue of any clause in this aft befbrd

double what mentioned, or contained, he dr (lie mould or ought to pay or

APPENDIX.	413

be charged with (that is to fav) For every hundred potmds ofothcrwife he . ready money and debts, and for every hundred pounds worth have of goods* wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal eftate, the pai fum of eight and fourty (hillings; and fo after that rate* for every greater or lefler quantity; and for every twenty (hillings of the full yearly value of any manors, mefluages or other hereditaments or premifles charged by this aft, which he or (he shall have or hold, the sum of eight (hillings to be aflefled, Je? vied and collefted, anfwered, recovered, and paid in such manner, by such ways and means, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are before in this aft exprefled or appointed for and concerning the a-bove-mentioned rates and fums, which are hereby intended to be doubled, as aforesaid.

XXXVI.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any such papift or Unlef« within reputed papift within ten days after the first meeting of the said day# after commiflioners in the refpeftive counties or places, where he or [he™Cmm$-fhe ought to be taxed or aflefled, according to the intent of this fioners,he shall prefentaft, shall take the (aid oaths, before two or more of take the oaths, the said commissioners (which oaths the said commiflioners are

hereby empowered to adminifter) That in such cafe he or (he shall not be liable to be doubly aflefled, as aforesaid.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Every person faid, That every person being of the age of fixteen years or°f 16 years of upwards, and being within this realm at the time of the execu- n|thaVhe°^en tion of this aft, who shall not before that time have taken the t^c oaths be-faid oaths mentioned and required to be taken by the said act, fore the time intituled. An act for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and 0/ the execu-allegiance, and appointing other oaths. And upon fummons by (uni-warrant under the hand and feal of one or more of the com- m0ned,l,m" miflioners appointed by this aft, shall refufe to take the said shall refufe to oaths at the time appointed in the said warrant, or shall negleft take the oaths, to appear at such times before the commiflioners in order to takc^

the said oaths, (which oaths the said commiflioners, or any two theccramif-or more of them are hereby impowered and required to admi- Goners in or-nifter) shall yield and pay unto their Majefties double the fums der totaketh* and rates which by force or virtue of any clause in this aft be-fore mentioned or contained, he or (he (hould or ought to pay, bfe or be charged with, in manner as is before in this aft appointed, he otherwifo touching papifts or reputed papifts.	ought.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Every gentle* faid. That every gentleman, or fo reputed, or owning, or writr man, or forcing himfelf fuch, or being above that quality, and under thePuted> &c. degree of a peer of this realm, who by virtue of an act made

in the third year of their Majefties reign, entituled. An act for *he qua,terlf raising money by a poll payable quarterly for one year, for carrying poll, did or on a vigorous war again)} France, did pay or ought to have paid ought to have double the fums charged by the said act, or were, or ought t0 f^h^e'beca* have been returned into the exchequer for non-payment there- returned into of, who shall not voluntarily appear before the laid commifr exchequer fo» Honors, or any three or mpre of them, wilhin ten days after

the

APPENDIX.

voluntarily the first meeting of the said conhmlffioners in thertTpedive place appear before or pjj^es where he ought to be taxed or aflefied, and take the fionen^thin ^ oath*> appointed by the said act made in the first year of 10 days after their Majefties reign (which oath the said commiffionerc, or any their first three or more of them are hereby impowered and required to meeting, and addiinifter, and to make an entry or memorandum thereof in fomi SocV^ifon*1* to kept for that purpofe) such person shall be charged than pay °n with, and pay double the fums which by force or virtue of this double. aft he (hould or ought to have paid; the said double rates to be afiefied, levied, collected, anfwered, recovered and paid in such manner, by such ways and means, and according to such rules and direftions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are before in this aft exprefTed or appointed for and concerning the above mentioned rates and fums, which are hereby intended to be doubled, as aforesaid.

Commiflion- XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That any one or more ers upon in- 0f the commissioners appointed by this aft, upon information fnr^cion"are g*vcn* or uPon any caufe of fufpicion in that behalf, shall and inquired to are hereby required and injoyned to caufe every person fufpeft-fummon the ed, or againft whom such information shall be given, to be fum* person fufpec- m0ncc| to appear and take the said oaths, as aforesaid. and take^Sths.	XL. Provided neverthelefs, That whereas certain persons,

* diflenters from the church of England, commonly called Quakers^ now known to be fucb, do fcruple the taking of an oath, oathMo makelt shall ke fufficient for every such person to make and fubicribe and fubferibe the declaration of fidelity contained in an act made the parlk* the declara- ment held in the first year of their Majefties reign, entituled, tiW°L<Mlity	for exempting their Majefties proteftantfubjefts dijfenting from

and such per- ^ church of England, from the penalties of certain laws; which ion fo doing, declaration any two or more of the commiflioners appointed for fliall not be the execution of this aft are hereby impowered and required cka**g«bJ« to take; and every such person fo doing, shall not be liable to u e or chargeable with any of the double rates aforesaid.

No person lia- XLI. Provided, Ths\t no poor person shall be charged with* ble to the or liable to the pound rate impofed by this aft, upon lands, tene* pound rate, ments or hereditaments, whofe lands, tenements or heredita-whofe lands mcnts arenotof the yearly value of twenty (hillings in the whole, yeariy value of XLII. Provided always, That the right honourable the ma-ioa.	fterof the rolls, the matters of chancery, fix clerks of the pat-

Chancery oflv ty bag, examiners, regifters, clerks of the enrolment, clerks of c-wnhmthetjjC agyavits and fubpena office, and all others the officers of iqUsftiall be the court of chancery that execute their offices within the liberty that aflefled. of the rolls, shall be there aflclTed for their refpeftive offices, and not elsewhere.

If colleftors keep any moneys collected in tfaeirhands, or pay any part thereof, other than to the head collators, or re-

XLIII. And be it further enafted. That if any colleftor of any parifti or place shall keep in his hands any part of the mo* ney, by him collefted, for any longer time than is by this a& direfted (other than the allowance made unto him by this ad) , or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other than to the head-colleftor or receiver-general of such county or place, or his refpeflive deputy, that every such colleftor shall forfeit

for

APPENDIX1.	Aii

for every such offence the sum of ten pounds; And in dafe any general head*colle6tor shall keep in his hands any part of the money paid	forfeit

to him by any colle&or by virtue of this act for any longer time CoUec-than is by this aft directed, or shall pay any part thereof* to tori fqr the any perfbn or persons other than the receiver general of filch county or place, or his deputy, every such head colle&or shall fo"CiC forfeit for every such offence tne fum of forty pounds* And in 4 cafe any receiver general, or his deputy* shall pay any part of the moneys paid to him or them by any collector or head collector, by virtue of this act, to any perion or persons whatfoever other than the receipt of their Majefiies exchequer, and at of within the refpective times limited by this act, or in cafe such receiver general, or his deputy, shall pay any part of the said moneys by any warrant of the commiflioners of the treasury, of lord treafurer, under treasurer or commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, or upon any tally of Pro or tally of Anthi-fation, or other way or device whatfoever, whereby to divert or hinder the actual payment thereof into the receipt of exchequer, Receiver gt-as aforesaid, that then such receiver general shall for every such neral for th* offence of himfelf or his deputy forfeit the sum of one thousand ^aii°forfS pounds to him or them that shall fue for the fame in any court ,0a00[#° of record, by bill, plaint or other information, wherein no ef-foign, protection, or wager of law is to be allowed.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted. That the commif- CommHfionei* fioners of the treasury, or the lord treafurer, under treafurer, or commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, or any of trSurer not them, do not diredt any warrant to any of the said collectors, to dire& war* head-collectors, or receiver-general, or their deputies, for the nnt *°*'WT-payment of any part of the moneys hereby given to any perfbn ^"moneys* or persons other than into the receipt of the exchequer, as otheroifethea aforefaid; nor shall they, or any of them direct any warrant to into the ex-the officers of the exchequer for the (hiking of any tally of Pro, ch*qu«r« or tally of Anticipation, nor do any other matter or thine whereby to divert the actual payment of the said moneys into tne receipt exchequer, for of the exchequer; nor shall the officers of the exchequer ftrike, (biking any or direct, or record the finking of any tally of Pro, or tally of tajjy ?^.or Anticipation upon any of the said moneys upon any account or Vipathwi warrant whatfoever; nor shall any teller throw down any bill norfluril* the whereby to charge himfelf with any of the said moneys, until officer* of the he shall have adtually received the fame.	exchequer

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted. That no flay of e fuc* profecution upon any command, warrant, motion, or order, Nonoli profo-or direction by non vult ulterius profequi, shall be had, made, ad- aui or other mitted, received, or allowed by any court whatfoever in any of profe-fiiit or proceeding by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa- fa™**?™* tion, or otherwife, for the recovery of all, or any the pains, pc- offenders, nalties, or forfeitures upon any person or perions by this act inflicted, or therein mentioned, or for, or in order to the conviction ordifability of any person offending againft this act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the manors, mefluages, lands.

4i 6	APPENDIX..

lfaA at,lands, tenements and hereditaments charged by this act, shall were aflWTed rate^ and aflefled at lead at double the fum at which the fame to the as. aft. was, or were aflefled by virtue of an ad of parliament made in the first year of their Majefties reign, entituled, An afi for s grant to their Majefties of an aid of two Jhillings in the pound for one year.

Commiflioners XLVII. Provided always, That if any person or persons fo im powered jo charged or aflefled at lead at double the fum, as aforesaid, shall thaHands^re PPon complaint made to the commiflioners in such manner, and charged above within such time as is herein beforedire&ed in cafes of appeals, 43. in the make it appear to the said commiflioners, or any five of pound, them, by proof upon oath. That such afleflment doth exceed four (hillings for every twenty (hillings of the full yearly value, in such cafe, upon such proof, and due examination thereof, the said commiflioners are hereby impowered to abate and lefien the said afleflment so much as the fame shall exceed four (hillings for every twenty (hillings of the true yearly value, and no more.

C^mibifner8 XLVIIL Pr™ded always, and be it enacted, That if any taking the°rC Per^on hereby named a commiflioner shall prefume to ad as a oaths forfeit commiflioner in the execution of this ad, before he shall have 500k	taken the oaths which by this a d he is required to take, and

in the manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to their Majefties the sum of five hundred pounds.

No person ca- XL1X. Provided also, and be it enabled. That no perion shall pableof ailing be capable of acting as a commiflioner in the execution of thi$ ad fione^inTny ^or aaS county or riding,or thecitiesof Londoner lVeJhniniJler%un-county or in Ids he was aflefled and did pay to their Majefties the sum of twenty London, or (hillings quarterly towards the rates and aiTeflinents granted hy *a Weft min tier, made in the last session of this present parliament, intituled, pay ios a0t	for	ratfm&	money	h a P°M payable quarterly for oneysar% for

quarter to the the carrying on a vigorous waragainjl France. And alfo, that nQ quarterly poll, person shall be capable of ading as a commiflioner in the exqcu-No perfon, ca- tion of this acf for any other city, or in any borough, town or as a commif 8 cin9uc“Port> or *he counties thereof refpedively, unlefs he was fioner i*n any aflcfled and did pay to their Majefties the sum of twenty (fyill-other place, ings quarterly, as aforesaid, or was aflefled, and did pay to their unlefs he was Majefties the sum of ten (hillings quarterly, (as a tradesman afleffed and worth three hundred pounds) towards the said quarterly poll. terVor iWT* L. Provided nevertheiefs. That in cafe there lhall not be a quarterly. fufficient number of commiflioners for any city, borough. In cafe there town or cinque- port (for which by this ad commiflioners arc miffioners^e particularly appointed) capable of ading according to the qua-nough fuffici- locations aforesaid for putting this ad in execution, that jn ently qualified every such cafe any of the commiflioners appointed for tbc for any city or county at large, within which luch cities, borough, town, or conunimoners c*n(lue'Port A01*1 Aand, or which is next adioyning thereto, for the county niay a& as commiflioners in the execution ot this ad withii* at large may7 such city, borough, town, or cinque-port.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enaded. That in cafe there shall not be a fufficient number of tire persons nominated

up

APPENDIX.

417

to betcolhmiffionrrs for any county, who shall be capable of la	.

afting as commHTtoners according to the qualifications in this cfent°nturf*ir aft before mentioned, that in every such cafe, it shall be lawful ofcommUnon* for their Majefties to1 itfiae or to caufe to be iflued one or more ert capable of commiflion or commiflions under the great feal of England* and »Sing for ,nf thereby to nominate, co'nftitute and appoint such and fo many xbwMaie-perfons being relldent, and having real eftates of the value of ft;e, may con-ene hundred pound a year in the laid refpeftive counties, for ftitute under which they shall be refpeftively nominated to be commiflioners tf>e great feal, for putting this present aft in execution in the laid counties re- fojjJbwnsnre-fpeftively; which faid fo commiflioners to be nominated and ap- gdent, as1have pointed for the laid counties refpeftively lhall have such and the real eftates of fame powers for putting this aft in execution in the said refpec-; tool* F*r an.n* tive counties, and under the lime rules and direftions as any “ ^

Other commiflioners nominated and appointed by this aft} any tioners. thing herein contained to the cpntrary notwithftanding.

LII. And for the more effectual charging all personal eftates, be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That if after the afletT- If after the *f-ments on personal eftates direfted by this aft, shall be made, any perfoh shall come to inhabit or refide in any divifion or place remove to a where such pferfon was not fated or taxed for personal eftate, t-he place where lie commiflioners afting within such divifion or place, are hereby was not rated required and impowered to (iimmon such person before them ; eJat^the*1 And unlefs he or (he shall produce a certificate made according commiflioners to* the direftions of this aft, whereby it shall appear that he or aretofummon (he was aflefled, and had aftually paid all the precedent quar- such person terly payments in feme other place for his or her personal e- bejj>re date, the said commiflioners (hall, and are hereby required to *0berated, caufe fach person to be aflefled for his or her personal eftgjft£ and And unlefshe caufe the lame, or such quarterly payments thereof, as shall be produce a crr-then unaflefled and unpaid, to be aflefled, levied and paid, ac-cording to the true intent and meaning of this aft.	and paid*all

LHI. Provided always that the prifon of the King's , the precedent prHbn houfe, lands, gardens and the common fide, and all the quarterly ply-rents, profits and perquifites of the office of the marfhall of the me“t*

(aid King's Bench prifon, lying and being in the parith of St. fr^Kings George the Martyr, in the borough of So, and county of bench priTon, Surrey, and also the prifon-houfe, lands and gardens of the pri- with the land fon of the marfhall of the	Marjbol/ta prHon, and all offices, *c	.

perquifites and profits of the Marjbalfca court and prifon, lying quifites'of^h* and being also in the (aid parith of Saint George in the borough office of mar-' of	Southwark, and	county of Surrey, (ball be charged and af* lhall. t

felled to this afleffincnt in the (aid parith of Saint George and And the pri-borough of Southwark, and not elfewhcrc •, any thing to the jof contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	the m'arffial of

the Marlhalfea.and offices and perquilites of the marffials court shall be charged and ' afleflfed in the parith of St. George in Southwark.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That where the Whereownere owners of any land?, tenements, or hereditaments, are liable of land*»reli-to be doubly .-charged as papifts, reputed pagifts, or otherwife, able to badou-by reafooof their, not having taken the oaths according to the ,7paoiSor intent of this aft, in ev#y qafe.fuch qwnets only thall be o*ej wUeV«r

Voi. XXIIJt

charged.

APPENDIX,

cfrargtd with, and shall pay the (aid double cates: And rig Th* owner* **fpe£tive tenants of fueb lands, tenements, or hereditaments, zfcall be only hereby difcharged of, and from the fame; aoy covenant for charged with payment of taxes, or other agreement to the contrary norwith-double tames, landing.

- ■V,V* Prwidtdalways, and it is hereby enaded. That it charged.	(hall, and .may be lawful, to and for any person or per-

Borrowing	fons to advance and lend unto their Majefties upon the fe-

* ,nte‘ cority of this a61, any Aim or fums of money, and to have and

or indirectly; And moreover, that no money fo lent uponlhe security of this a£l shall be rated or aflefled by virtue of this ad.

LVI. And to the end that all moneys wnich shall be lent to to their Majefties upon the credit of this aft, may be wdl and fufficiently fecured out of the moneys arifing, and payable by this a<5t, dc it further enadied by the authority aforefiud. That there shall be provided and kept in their Majefties exchequer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of the receipts, one book and regifter, in which all moneys that shall be paid into the exchequer by virtue of this a&, shall be entred and regiftred apart and diftina from all other moneys paid or payable to their 'Majefties upon any other branch of tneir Majefties revenue, or upon any other account whatfoever: and that all and every person and perfonswho shall lend any money to their Majefties upon the credit of this a£t, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his repayment, bearing the fiune date with his tally: in which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for forbearance thereof, not exceeding fe-ven pounds per centum per annum, for his confideration, to be paid every three months, until repayment of his principal: and that all orders for repayment of money, shall be registered in courfe according to the date of the tally refpedively, without preference of one before another: and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall (land entred in the said regifter book, foasthe perfeo, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftratorsxmd afligns, who shall have his order or orders first entred in the said book of regifter, shall be taken and accounted the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by virtueof this a£c: and he or they who shall have his or their order or orders next entred, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and (b fucceffivcly, and in,courfe. And that the moneys to come in by this alt shall be in the fame order liable to the latisfadion of the said refpe&ive parties, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns fucceflivety, without preference of one beforemqlfta', and not otherwife, and not to be divertible to any othdrtxfe, intent or purpofe whatfoever: and that no fee, reward or gratuity, diredtly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any their Majefties fubjc&s for providing or making of any fitch books, remitters, -entries, Views or fear$h, in or for payment of mone}

1tot

APPENDIX.

feat, otuhe intereft, as aforesaid, any pf their fcer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain ofpavpept njf treble damages to the party aggrieved by the party pffenduig^ with cofts of fuit; or if the officer Kimlelf take or demsajj any -fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo, And if jjny undue preference of one before another (ball be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft, by any fijeh officer or officers, then the party offending shall ,be liable bv action of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the viuue of the debt* damages and cofts, to the party aggrieved, arid (naif he forejudged from his place or office : and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his matter, then such deputy or clerk only fliall be liable to such action, debt, damages and cotts, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place, or office. And in cafe the auditor shall not diredt the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to each perfon's due place and order, as afore directed, then be or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their refpe&ive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and cofts in such manner, as aforesaid, all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of thp exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may bp recovered by a<ftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at Weftminjlir^ wherein no efloign, protection, priviledge, wager of law, injunction, pr order of reftraint shall be in any wile granted or allowed.

I* VII. Provided always, ana be it hereby declared. That if it happen that several tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it shall be interpreted noun-due preference which of thofe be entre'd firft, fo he enters them all the fame day.

LVIII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direCt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders of persons that come and demand their moneys, and bring their order before other persons that did not come to demand their money,and bring their order in their courfe,fo as there befo much money refervea as will fatisfie precedent orders, which shall not be otherwise difpofed, but kept for them ; interest upon loan, being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referred, and kept in bank for them.

LI^C. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That every person or,perfons to whom any money shall be due by virtue of this a (ft, after order entered in the book of regifter aforesaid, for payment thereof, his executors, adminiftrators or affigqis, by judorfement of his order, may affign and transfer his right, title, interest and benefit of such order, or any part there-tQ^ny.qtJber; which being notified in the office of the auditor x)f receipt afpfefaiij? and an entry or memorial thereof also jnade in die Jwgk of regifter aforesaid for orders, which the of-

'	E	t	fibers

#, -1 •

4*0	APPENDIX.

deers shall upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly fiiali intitle such affignee his executors, adminiftrators and'af-figns to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, aod such af* figftee may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person pr persons who baVe or hath made such alignments, to make void, releafe or difeharge the fame, or any the moneys thereby due, or any part thereof.

Chafe for LX. Provided always and be it further ehadted, That all and transferring every the principal Turns of money which in puVfuance of an ad monevibor* made in the last session of this present parliament, entituled, An the rweipt^or for ra\ftn& mone) *9 a P0^ payable quarterly for one year for car-the quarterly ty ing on a vigorous war againjl France, and of their Majefties poll to the ere-letters of privy feal, bearing date the three and twentieth day dit of this aft, of September, one thoufafta fix hundred ninety two, made in ftvenh^dreS Purfuancc	faid	have	been'lent, or shall be lent to

thirty five their Majefties at the receipt of their exchequer, not exceeding thousand three in tfie whole the sum of feveft hundred thirty five thousand three hundred nine- hundred ninety one pounds eighteen (hillings five pence balf-

eiahteen°ftiU-S	Pcnny» an<* a“ anc* evcry orders of loan for the lame, (hall

lings five	be in the first place transferred to, and placed upon the regifter

pence half-	appointed to be kept by this ad, and shall be regiftred thereup-

penny.	on, in such courfe and order as they now have by the books

kept in the said receipt; or where any fpecial agreements have been made with the lenders for the courfe or order they were to have, in all such cafes, according to thofe agreements; which transferences shall and may be, and are hereby required to be made by virtue of this ad, without making anyiflues, or taking any receipts from the parties, in order to transfer the (aid loans: and that the principal moneys upon the said orders fo transferred, shall be payable and paid to the lender or lenders, of the same, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, out of the moneys arifing by virtue of this ad, in the fame courfe and order according to which they are hereby appointed to be transferred, and with preference to the loans which any person or persons shall make hereafter upon the credit of this present ad: and that the interest after the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, due, or to be due, for the said Joans to be transferred, as aforesaid, shall be paid and fatisfied* out of the moneys arifing by this ad, until the refpediVe times of the fa-tisfadion of the principal: and that the auditor of the said receipt, upon the transferring of the said loans, or the order for the fame, as aforesaid, shall make memorandums in the margip of his books where the fame do, or shall (land entred upon the said ad for the quarterly poll, importing the transference thereof, and that they are to be paid out of the moneys arifing by virtue of this ad: and that any person or persons who are or shall be entituled to any moneys to be paid by such orders, to be transferred, as aforesaid, shall or may aflign over the fame to any oilier person or persons ; which alignments shall b£ good and cffedual in law, and fo toties quoties; any thing in the laid former ad, or in ttys prefcot ad \q the. contrary notwithftandlng. ,	#	LXI.	And

APPENDIX.

liXI. And be it enafted, That out of the moneys which Claufc of ap-4&all be leyied and paid by virtue of this aft, into the receipt of pr°PIl*tl0d. the exeliequer, as well by loan or efrherwife (over and befide? the sum of seven hundred thirty five thousand three hundred rwnety one pounds eighteen (hillings five pence halfpenny before mentioned, to be transferred to, and placed upon the regifter appointed to be kept by this aft,) the sum of seven hundred 700,000!. to thousand pounds shall be, and is hereby applied and appropri-the ole of the ated to and for the payment of officers and Teamen that have navy*&c* ferved, and shall fervein their Majefties navy royal, and for the paying for ftores, proviiions and viftuals, fqpplied and to be fupplied for the &id navy, and to and for the expences of their Majefties office of ordnance in refpeft to naval affairs, and for other neceflary ufes and fervices, performed and to be performed, in and for the said navy; and that all other the moneys The rdiclue to which shall be levied and paid by virtue of this aft into the re- Jhe ufe °fth* ceipt of the exchequer, as well upon loan, as otherwife, other 'and *orceSf than the said fum of seven hundred thirty five thousand three hundred ninety one pounds eighteen (hillings and two pence half-peny, and the interest thereof, and also the sum of seven hunched thousand pounds appropriated for payments relating to their Majefties n^vy, as aforesaid, shall be applied, and apprq* priated, and is hereby appropriated to, and for the payment of their Majefties land forces and armiest and the paying for arms, ammunition, and other charges incident to the war, and not otherwife.

LXII. And for the effectual dqing thereof, andjthat the said several Turns hefeby appropriated to the ufes aforesaid, may not be diverted or applied to any other pqrpofe, it further enaft-ed, That the commiffionefs of the treasury, or the' lord trea** furer, under treafurer, or the commifiioners of the treasury for the time being, or any of them do not direft any warrant to any of the said cofleftors, or receivers general, or their deputies for the payment of any part of the moneys hereby given to any per-fon or persons other than into the receipt of the exchequer, as aforefaifd \ nor (half they, or any of them direft any warrant to t the officers of the exchequer for ftriking of any tally of Pr#, or tally qf Anticipation, or dq any other matter or thing whereby to diveft the aftual payments or the said mqneys into the receipt of ; the exchequer; nor shall the officers of the exchequer ftrike or i direft, or record the ftriking of any tally of Pra, or tally of An-t tlcipatim upon apy pf the said moneys, upon any account or t warrant whatfoever; nor ffiall any teller throw dqwn any bill i whereby tq charge himfclf with anv of the said moneys, until [ he shall have aftually received theftme.

LOT. And jt is hereby further enafted, That the officers of the receipt of the exchequer refpeftively, shall and are hereby required to keep the said fum qf fevcu hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated for payments relating to their Majefties na«. uy, as aforesaid, and the account thereof diftinft from all other moneys and accounts whatfoever ; and that the lord high trean fvtrer, under-trcqfurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the

APPENDIX.

time being, or any of them relatively, do not>fig£ any yrartafat or order, or do any matter or thing ioj* the iffiung or prfyibg any part of the faia fum of seven hundred thousand poutaft by this ad appropriated for payments relating to their Majdfties navy, as aforesaid, to any person or persons other than the furer of the navy or his deputy, and the treasurer of the o*A-nanceor his deputy, for the ufes aforesaid ; npr shall the snsdi-tor of the receipt draw any order whatfoever for the iflbiog any part of the said fum of seven hundred thousand pound* hereby appropriated* as'aforefaid, to ai\y person or perfans, other than the said treasurer of the navy or his deputy, and the* treasurer of the ordnance or his deputy, as aforesaid ; nor Ibaff ho dired nor the clerk of the pells record, or any teller mak| payment of any part of the (aid appropriated fwn of seven dred thoufimd pounds by virtue of any warrant, or upon any order or other way or device whatfoever, other than to the per-fens and for the ufes aforefaU, and tube fo mentioned and ex-prefled in such Warrant or order.

LXIV. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That the tfreaftlftr of the navy, and the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being, shall keep such part of the said fum of seven hundred thou-fand pounds appropriated for payment? relating to their Bfaje-fties navy, as aforesaid, by virtue of this ad, as shall be paid to them refpediyely, diftind arid' apart from all other moneys; and the treasurer of theriavy shall iffue and pay such part of the laid fum asfliall be payed in to him by warrant of the principal officers and coinmiflioners of the navy, or any three or more of theth; and the treasurer of the ordnance shall ifliie and pay such part of the said fum as shall be payed in to him by warrant of the priori* pal officers of the ordnance, or any three of them, mentioning , and exprefling in the refpedive warrant the refpedive ufes for which the fame is refpedively iflued and paid, according to the refpedive appropriations thereof, and applying the fame j which laid principal officers and commiflioners of the navy, and principal officers of the ordnance, are to follow therein tne ordier and diredian of the lord high treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the tresrfury for the time being, for apportioning the fame for the payment of the officers and feamen, (lores, provifionS, vie* tuals and the office of ordnance, in refped tt> naval affairs, as aforesaid, in such juft and proportionable diftributfons as may be mod agreeable to the true intent of this ad.

LXV. And it is hereby further enaded, That the principal officers and commiflioners of the navy, or any of them, or principal officers of the ordnance, or any of them, shall not fign any navy bill or warrant, or do any other ad or thing for the ifluing and paying any part of the said fum of seven hundred thousand pounds fo appropriated by this ad, to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, other than for the refpedive ufes for which the fame is appropriated, as aforesaid, and to be fo mentioned and exprefled in such nav^y bill or warrant.	t

LXVI. And be it further enaded. That if any of the officers which are appointed by this ad to receive the said fum of feten

hundred

APPENDIX.

iuntted thou (and pounds, hereby appropriated for Myaents? relating to their Majefties navy, or any part thereof, mail after thue receipt of the fiud money, divert or mifapply thefame, or any part thereof by virtue of any warrant from the comnixffioners of the treasury, or from the lord treafurer, or other fuperiour officers far the time being, contrary to the true intent of this ad, that then such Officer or Officers fo diverting or mifappiymg the laid moneys, lhall forfeit the like fum fo diverted or mifep-njied; which faid forfeiture shall be recovered by adion of debt, tail], plaint, or information in any of their Majefties courts ar . ' JFtftmnfttr, wherein, ho efloign, protedion, or wager of few fhali be allowed; die one moiety of which forfeiture (bto be recovered, shall be to the informer, or him who shall fde for the fame, the other moiety thereof to be diftributed to the poor <qf the parish where such offence (hail be committed,

LXYIL And he it further enacted, That if any officer or officers mentioned in this ad, or in any wife belonging to the ex-chequer, nayy or ordnance, shall willingly and wilfully offend againft this law, or any clause thereof, by diverting or mifap-pTying any part of the said fum of seven hundred thonfand pounds appropriated for payments relating to their Majeftie? navy, as aforesaid, contrary to the trbe intent of this ad, that for any and every such offence, such officer and officers fo offending, shall forfeit his office and place, and is, and are hbreby difabled, and made uncapable to hold or execute the said office, qr any other office whadpever for the future.

La VIII, Provided also and be it eqadied, That no ftay of' profecution upon any command, warrant, motion, order, or diredioii, by Non yuu ultrrius profequi, shall be had, made, admitted, repeived or allowed byany court whatlbever, in any fuit or proceeding byadion of debt, bill, plaint or information, or ptherwife, for the recovery of all or any the pains, penalties or forfeitures, upon any perion or persons by this ad inflicted, or therein mentioned, qr for or in order to the convidion or difa-bility of any persons offending againft this ad.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enadfcd. That oqt of All moneys if. the moneys hereby appropriated to and for the payment of offi- fued for naval cers and feamen that have ferved and shall ferve in their Maje- *•£?**??

(ties navy royal, and to and for the paying for naval (lores and for v?ftuals)tQ proyifioo* (other than for victuals) ana to and for the expenses be paid ip of their Majefties office of the ordnance, in refped of navalcourfe. affairs, and for other neceflary ufes and fervices performed an4 tq be performed for the laid navy, all such part thereof as (half be iffued and paid by the treasurer of the navy by warrant of'tho ' principal, officers and commiffionsrs of the nayy, or shy three or more of them for naval (lores aftd proyifions, shall be-paid in pourfe to every person or persons, or their afligns to wholn any

Such money is, or shall be due, according to the dates of thq >ills or contrails regiftred for the fame, and not otheywife s and that out of all fuch'further part of the laid moneys, as shall be iffued and paid to the lieutenant and principal officers of the pnjnaqce, or the paymgfter thereof or his deputy, for the ex-

E e 4	pencf

■ 

©(ficfrs of ordnance or *avy board, upon extraordinary occasions may pay impreft mo-

W*

A, B ft E' N 9 U

pence ofchis M^eftics ordnance -as to naval affairs, andjbyHtbexn,

or the said paymafter rifpedively to any person or pcnbns for ammunition or any other ufe or service relating,tathe pffice of the ordnance, shall be in like manner paid in courfe to every (tach. .perfon or petfons, or their afltgns refpecfivelyr according the refpeftive dates of the bills and contra&s for the fame, and not otherwife; and the comptroller of the navy,r and ftere-keeper of the ordnance are hereby refpedtively required to keep one or more book or books in their refpe&ive offices, wherda all bills and contracts in reference to the navy, and office of the ovdn ance for such bills and contracts refpe&ively, as aforesaid, shall be duly regidrcd, that all and every person or persons concerned therein may have recourfe thereunto without paying any fee qr reward for to doing; and if any preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, either by the (aid trea-forer ot the navy, or paymaster of the ordnance, or comptroller of the navy, or ftorekeeper of the ordnance, orany^of them, dr their refpedive deputies or clerks, then the party offending fliall be liable by a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, tq pay double the value of the debt, damages and cods to the party grieved i all which faid penalties, damages and cods to be incurred by the persons aforesaid, or any of them refpe&ively, shall and wny be recovered by the said party grieved, by adtion of debr, bill, plaint, or information in any of their Majedies courts of reeprd at Wejiminjier, wherein no efloign, prote&ion, priviicdge* wegerbf law, injuo<ftion, or order of reftraiiU shall be. in any wife granted or allowed.

LXX. Provided neverthelefs, That it shall and may be law*, fill for the said lieutenant and principal officers of the ordnance, and the officers of the navy-board, upon any emergent or extraordinary occafion, to pay any of the said moneys appropriated by this a& to any person or persons upon account, by way of impred j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. Provided also, That it shall not be conftrued any preference to incur any penalty in point of payment in courfe, as aforesaid, if the said.treafurgr of the navy or paymader of the ordnance, or their deputies refpedlively do pay fubfequent bills of persons which cpnje and demand their money, and bring their warrant or order in theiF courfe for the fame, fo as there be fa much money referved a^ will fatisfie precedent bills.or contra&s regidred, as aforesaid, which (ball not bfc otherwise difpofed of, but kept for them In the said refpe&ivc offices.

■ 1— ,	o	^	■	i—	4-	i	■	—■	,

k,- u

jftitto	Rtgni Gitlielmi'6? ‘MARij®, 'Regis 6? Regina

:u • Anglia,	Scotia,	Francia, & Hibernia,

At the Parliament begun at. Weftminfter the TVefttnhh ^Jay of	March,Anna Dom. 1689; in the Seddnd'yeaf

4it the Reign of our Sovereign l^ord and. Lftdy, IFil:

APPENDIX.

and Mary, by the Grate of God, of England*

Scotland* France, and Inland, King and Queep, De* fenders of the Faith, (dc. And from thence Continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the ‘ Twelfth day of November, 1694, being the Sixth Set £on of this present Parliament.

CAP. VI.

,An Aft for Granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials and upon Batchelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five: years, for carrying on the War againft with Vigour.

*>\X7'E your Majefties moft Dutiful and Loyal Subje&s the *. VV Commons in Parliament aflembled, from a deep fenle P«m*M**

^ of the many great occafions, which engage your Majesty in

*	many extraordinary Expences for the necefiary Defence of

*	your Realms, and the Profecution of a War againft Freer#.

‘ with Vigour, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and f granted unto your Majesty, as an additional Supply and Aid,

*1 the Rales, Duties, Impofitions and fums of Money herein *v after mentioned ■, and we moft humbly belitech your Majesty ft. that it may be enaAed,*

. 11. And be it eroded by the Kings moft excellent Majesty, Dutiej by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords Spiritual and upon Burials, Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament aflembled, for 5 Years, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the first day of May, in the year of our Lord, One thousand fix hundred ninety and five, for and during the term of Five years, to. commence and be accounted from the said First day of May, and no longer, there shall be raifcd, and levied and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors (over and above all other Duties whadbever) for and upon the Burial of ail pcrfons, who shall be Buried within the (aid Term of Five years, at any place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Walts, and Town of Berwick upon Twttd, the several and fefpe&ive Duties and Sums of Money-herein after mentioned (that is to fay}) _

III. For, and upon the Burial of every person the fum. 0f partkuiars. Four (hillings $ And for, and upon the Burial of every perfiyi of the degree of a Duke of England, Scotland or Ireland, the (um> of Fifty pounds, over and above the Cud Four (hillings \ and . far, and upon the Burial of every Dutchefs of any of the laid, three Kingdoms, the like fum of Fifty pounds, over and above ,j the said Four (hillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every perfen of the degree of a Marquels or Marchionefs of any of the pad three Kingdoms, the (um of Forty pounds, ovfcr aftd> above the said Four (hillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of an Earl or Counted of any of th»A laid.three Kingdoms, the sum of thirty pounds, over aiid above* the said Four (hillings; and for and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Viicount or Vifcountefa of aey of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over

APPENDIX.

. and above the said Four ftriflings; ancMnr,, a»d,upontbe 3k* rial of every period of the dtgtehrif a Baron or Bkro&efoofcany of the laid disco Kingdoms,: the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the laid Four (hillings; arid for, and upon the Burial of every ETdeft fan of a Duke, of any of the-find dun Kingdoms; or his Wife the fuih of Thirty pounds', over and above the said Four (hillings; and for, and upon--the Burial of every younger Son of a'Duke of any of the said three King* dbms, or hh Wife, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Four (fallings; and for, and uppn the Bu-rial of every ETdeft Son of a Marquefs of any of the laid then Kingdoms, or his Wife,- tfarforo of Five and'twenty pounds, over and above the (hid Four fetllmgs; add1 for aod-upon-the Burial of every Yonriger SonofiaMarquefs df any oftljelaid three Kingdoms, or hisWife, die font of twenty, pounds; over and above thefaid'Four IhiUhtgs; and for, end npon the Burial of evetjr Eldeft Son of an Earl of any of the hud three Kiagdomsycrr his Wife, the font of twenty pounds,- otter aod above the laid Four (hillings;;; arid for, and- upon the Burial.of eVery Younger Son of an Eari of any of the laid three Kiagr dorin, or his Wife, the futon of Fifteen pounds, otter and'above the laidTour (hillings; and fbf, and upon the Burial of every Eldeft Son of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, or hrs WiW, the'fum of Seventeen pdunds and ten (failings, over abd afeovetht ibid Four (hidings; and for, arid upon the Bv-risl of every Younger Son of a Vifoount of any of the laid three Kingdoms,- or' his Wife, the sum of Thirteen pounds fixftiBJ-fags and eight pence, oweb and above the said Fpur (hillings ; and for, and upon the; Bridal of every Eldeft Son of a Bates of any of the* (aid three Kingdoms, or his Wifo, tbefum of Rft teen porinds, over arid above the laid Four (hillings ; and for, snd< upon the Burial of every Younger Son of' a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms; or fas Wife, the fom of Twelve pounds; over and above bn faid Four (fallings; and for, and upon the Bhrial of every Urimarriid Daughter'of a Duke of any the (bid three Kingdoms, the fom of Five aod twenty pounds, over and above the faith Four (hillings; and foe, - and upon the Buriat of every Unnrarried'Dtaghter of a- Manquefs or any of the said three Kingdoms, the fom of Twenty pounds) over and above the fold Four ftiiilings; arid for, and upon- ihe Burial of every Unmarried Daughtor of an Earl of any -of the said three Kingdoms*-the sum of'Fifteen pounds, over and above tbe'foid four (hillings*; and for, and. Upon the Burial of every Unmarried Daughter of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Thirteen poumls fitontdlitigs and eightpence,, over grid above the; faid fonrlhiHinga ; arid for, and upon the Buriat of everyUnitismed'Daughter of a Baron of ariy af the.food three Kingdoms, the fom of Twelve pounds^ over andgbovg the foidFour (hillings; and for) and upon the Burial of owelty Widow'of a'Dake « any of tbe-foid three Kingdoms; the sum of Fifty 'peimds, over and above the said four-(hillings; and fifty-aadupoq the Banal of.every WidpwcdTManjucfyotany.

APPENDIX.

tf-tftle faid rtWiSc Kingdom *v thefotn-cf Forty pounds; over and above the ibid Four (hillings; and far, and upon the Burial of eVerV Widow of spi Earl of any of the foid three Kingdoms,) the sum of Thirty pounds, over and strive the foid Four fhill-iags ; and for; and upon the Burial of eVery Widow of * Vi-count of any of the foid three Kifigdoufs, die fan of Five-and' twenty pounds, over and above the' lhfat Four (hidings;. and for, and upon the' Burial of every Widow of a Bason of any of the said three Kingdoms, the fuorof Twdnty pounds; ever and above the said- Four (hillings; and for, andupon the Burial o£ drery person of the degree of a Baronet, df any of the -fa id three Kingdoms, or of Ntva Stotia, or his Wift, die film of Fifteen! pounds, over and above the hud Four (hidings-; and for, and upon the Burial of every person that is a Knigpt of tbe Order of the Bath, or his Wife; the Aim of Fifteen pounds, over and above the Aiid Four (hillings; and for, and Upon the Jhirial of every person who is a Knight Batchelor,. Ur his Wife, the font often paands, over arid above the Bid F6br (hidings jood Any arid upon the Burial of every Sfeijeaat at Law, bring tbeKinjp Sejjeant, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above'tfte. (atdi Four (hillings; and for, and upon the Burial of the Wife of every Kings Serjeant, the (urn of ten pounds, over and above? the fold Four (hillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every other Serjeant at Law, the Aim of Frftben pounds, owtf send above tHe foid Four (hillings; and-for, and upon tbe> Burial of every such other Serjeants Wife, the fotn of Seven pounds and ten shillings, over and above the foid Four (hitting*; and fay and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of an Elquire,-or fo reputed, or owning or writing himfelt (uch, or. his Wifoy the sum of Five pounds, over and above the foid Four (hillings ;• and for, and upon the Burial of every Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or owning or writing himfelf fueh, or his Wife, the1 fum of Twenty shillings, over and above the foid F our (hillings ; and for, andupon the Burial of every Younger Child of Baronets, Knights of the Bath, Knights Batchelors, Seijsants at-Law, EfquiVes or Gentlemen, or reputed Efquires or Gentlemen, or owning or writing themfdves fuch, and their Wives, the Aim of Twenty shillings, over and above the foid Foot (hillings ; and for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Baronet, the fum-of Fifteen pounds, over and above the foidJFoor.

(hillings; and for,- and upon-the Burial'of every Widow of every Knight of the Bath, the Aim of Fifteen pounds, over and above tbe faid Four, (hillings ; and for, and upon the Burial of1 every Widow of a Knieht-Batchelbr, the Aim of Ten pounds, -over and above, the (hid Four (hidings} ahd forandupdn the-Burial of every Widow of every Serjeant at Law; bring7 the-Kings Setjeanf, the Sum-of Ten pounds, over and above thu> faid Four (hillings; And for and upon the Burial ofwery Wide Wof every other Sajbant at Law, the Sum of Seven pounds and Ten (hidings, over and above the foid Four (hillings-; And for and upon the Burial of every Widow of an E(quite, or reputed Efquire, or fp owning or writing hiipfttf avfueb, the-Sum-

APPENDIX.

of Five pouhds, qvfcr ahd above the said Pour (hillings An| for, and upon die. Burial of every Widow of every GentlemanS or reputed Gentleman, or fo owning or writing himfelf as fndu the Sum of Twenty (hilling?, over and above die faid Foot (hillings; And for and upon the Burial of every person of tbd Order and degree of an Arch-Biftiop, the Sum of Fifty pounds,' Over and above the laid Four shillings, And for, and upon thaj Burial of every Arch-Bilhops Wire or Widow, the Sum <r Ten pounds, over and above the (aid Four (hillings; And fos, and upon U.e Barial of every person of the degree and order of a Bilhop, the Sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the fad Four (hillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every Wife of Widow of every Biftiop, the Sum of Five pounds, over and fcbOve the laid Four (hillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Dean of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said Four (hillings; And for and upon the Burial of every Wife or Widow of every Dean, the sum of Two pounds ten (hill--	jngs,	over and- above the (aid ■ Four (hillings; And for, and

Upon the Burial of every person of the degree of an Arch-Do-con,* the sum of Two pounds ten shillings, over and above the said Four (hillings; And for and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow of every Arch-Deacon, the sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Four (hillings $ And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Canon or Prebendary Of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the sum of two pounds tpn shillings, over and above the said Four (hillings; And for, 1 and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow of every Canon or Prebendary, the sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the /aid Four (billings; And for, and upon the Burial of every per-fpn of the degree of a Dodlor of Divinity, Law, or Phyfick, the sum of Five pounds, over and above the (aid Four millings; And for, and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow of every such Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Phyfick, the fpm of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Four (hillings; And for ana upon the Burial of every Son or Daughter of an Arch-Biftiop, pean, Arch-Deacon, Canon, Prebendary, Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Phyfick, the sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Four (hillings) and for, and upon the Burial of every person having a real Eftate of the value of Fifty pounds • mm or upwards, or a personal estate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not otherwise hereby Charged under any of the. Ranks, Orders, Qualifications or Degree* herein before mentioned, the sum of Twenty (hilling^, over and above tbefaid Four dulling*; and for, and upon the Buria) of the Wife or Widow, Child or Children of every iuch perfop having such real or personal Bftate, as aiforefaid, the Sum of Ten millings, over and above the said Four (hillings.

Payment into ; IY. Aiid be it further eria&ed by the authority aforefakf, th* Cache- That thp several and refpedtive duties and Surds of money ,ucr‘	granted,	as	aforefaid,	upon	the Burials of the feveraj. Perlons

before mentioned, sis the fa pie shall feverally becariie due'ind

pay.

e*- Particulars

lb Buried, as aforesaid, before ariy other Debts or Duties what-foever; And in default of payment thereof to the Collectors q¥ the said Duty upon Demand, the fame shall be Charged upon, and Levied by didrefs upon the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or the Goods and Chatties of the perfonS (o'Biirie^, in such manner as herein after is directed; and the refpeCtiye cb^rcn Sto Duties hereby Charged upon the Burial oF any petfort, who	*

/hall at the time of his or her death, be under the age of one and twenty years, shall be anfwered and paid by the Father of such person (if living at the time of the death of such person under age) and if the Father be then dead, by the mother, if (be be then living, or otherwife, by the Guardian, Truftee?

Executor or Admjnidrator of such perfon; and the Duty charged upon the Burial of any Wife, mall be paid by the Huiband of such Wife.	V

V.	And be it further ena&ed.bv the authority aforesaid, that Duties upon from and after the said first day of May, for,, and during ^the term BirthsforFh* of five years and no longer, there shall be raifed, levied and paid ycar*

to his Majedy, bis Heirs and Succeflors, for, and upon the Birth of every perfon. (except as herein after is excepted) who lhall be Borh within the said term of five ydars, at any place within the Kingdom of England Dominion of JValer, or Town Of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and refpeCtive Duties and Turns of Money herein after mentioned (that is to fay yi

VI.	For, and upon the Bir^h of every person and Cnild ft

cept the Child or Children of such as receive Alms) the sum of Two (hillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every £ldeft Son of every person of the degree of a Duke of England, Scotland^ or Ireland, or of his Wife by any other Hu(band after Jus death, the sum of Thirty pounds over and above the said Two Shillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Duke, or of his Wife by any other Huiband after his death, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings ; And for* and upon the Birth of every elded Son of every perforr of the degree of a Marquefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of his Wife by any other Huiband after his death, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Marquefs, or of his Wife by any other Hufband after his death, the sum of ■Twenty pounds, over and above the said Two millings ^ And for,'and upon the Birth of every elded Son of every person q{ the degree of an Eafl, of any or the said three Kingdoms, or of ‘his Wife by any other Hu(b?qd after his death, the sum of 'Twenty pounds, over and above the said two (hillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son and Daughter of . such Earl, or of his Wife by any other Huiband after his death, the sum of FiftecA pounds, over and above the said Two (hilling* > Aid for, and upon the Birth of tha elded Son of every *	*	*	perfou

APPENDIX*

per Jon of tb« degree of a Vicounf of any of the fald three doms, or of bis Wife by any other Hufoahd .after his Deaths the sum of Seventeen pounds ten shillings, oyer and above the (kid Two (hillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every Other Sod of Daughter of fiich Vicount or of his Wife by any other Huiband after bis death, the sum of thirteen pounds fix (hillings and eight pence, over and above the said Two Shillings ; And for* and upon the Birth of eveiy eldeftSon of every person of the degree of a .Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of his Wife by any other Huiband after his Death, |he fqm qf Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings ; And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Baron, of of his Wife by any other Huiband after his death, the sum of Twelve .pounds, over and above the laid Two (hillings; And for* and upon the Birth of every elded Son of every person of the degree of a Baronet, Knight of /the Order of the Bath, or Knight Batchelor, the sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every elded Sdn of a Serjeant at Law, Ef-quire or Gentleman, the sum of Twenty millings, over aod above the said two (hillings; And for and upon the Birth of every younger Son or Daughter of Baronets, Knights of the fiatby Knights Batchelors, Serjeants at Law, Efquires or Genr tlemen, or fo reputed, or owning or writing themfelves as fiich* the sum of twenty shillings, over and above the /aid two (hillings ; And for, and upon the Birth of every Son or Daughter of an Arch-bilhop, Bi(hop, Dean, Arch-Deacon, Canon, Prebendary, Doflor of Divinity, Law or Phylick, the sum of twenty shillings, over and above the said two (hillings; And fpp> and upon the Birth of every Son or Daughter qf every person having a real Edate of the Value of Fifty pounds per Jmwm or upwards, or a personal Edate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not hereby otherw.de charged under any of the Ranks, Orders, Qualifications df Degrees herein before mentioned, the sum of Ten shillings, over and above the said two (hillings.	>

Births of Chit- yil. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Parent*,1 See. *hat Wd fcvcrel and refpedlive fums of money, fo impofo^, as aforesaid, for and upon the Birth or Births of any Child ip Children within the Kingdom, or the Dominion, or Town* aforesaid, shall be Charged upon, and Anfwet^d and paid to hip Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors for the aforesaid term of five years, oy the Father, if living at the time of the Birth of any Juch Child or Children, and if he shall be dead at the time <k such Binh, by the Mother of such Child or Childfen, fo boru.s And in cafe of the death of such Father and Mother at tbf time of the Birth, by such person or persons whp (ball tafe upon him, her, or them* the Guardianihip or Care of fo%ji Child or Children fo born, to be rcimburfed again in the fir$> place, out of the real or personal Efiate of fuchTChild or Cfii^ dren fo born, (if any) to be Levied in such manner as is hffCr in after diredled.	,

vin. iiai

APPENDIX.

VIII.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority^^>reCud>®Q^*1,<k>n that from and after the laid First day of May, for apd during Manages,for the said term of Five years, there shall be Raifed, Levied and 1VC ycar8# paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, for, and upon

every Marriage of any perform (except as herein after is excepted) who (hail be Married within the said term of Five years, and no longer, at any place within the Kingdom of EntfauJ,

Dominion of Wales, and Town of Bemud upon Tweed, the fe-veral and refpetfive Duties and Sums of money herein after mentioned (that is to fay j)

IX.	For, and upon the rcfpedtive Marriage of every perfbn .

(except such as receive Alms) the (urn of Two (hillings aqd fix Particular5* pence; And Cor, and upon the Marriage of every perlon of the

degree of a Dulpe of England, Scotland, or Ireland, the sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Marquefs of any of the (aid three Kingdoms, the sum of Forty pounds, over and above the said T wo millings qpd fix pence j A^d for, and upon the Marriage of every perlon of die degree of an Earl Of any of the laid three Kingdoms, the Aim of thirty pounds, over and above the said Two /hillings and fix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every per-lbn of the degree of a Vicount of any of the said.three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the fati Two, (hillings and fix pence ; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the laid three Kingdoms, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence ; And for, and upon theMar-riage of every eldeft Son of ? Duke of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Thirty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Duke, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, oVer and above the (aid Two (hillings and fix pence ;

And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldeft Son of a Mar-. quefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, pver and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence ; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Marquefs, the Sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence ; And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldeft Son or an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the (aid Two (billings and fix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of eveiy younger Son of such Earl, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over ahd abore the said Two (hillings and fix pence; And for*: and upon the-Marripge of every eldeft Son of a Vifcount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Seventeen pounds and ten (billings, over and above the said Two {hillings and fix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son, of such Vicpupt, thefum of Thirteen poundsfix lbillings and eight pence, over and above the said Two (hillings and fix pence;*

And for, and £po&r the Marriage of every eldeft Son of a Baron, qf say pftfpfind three Kipgdpms, theFuth of Fifteen pounds,: ti	'	‘	  '	-over*

APPENDIX.

Over and above the said Two thilfings and fix pence ; And and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Baron, the sum of Twelve pounds, over and above the said TwoJ (Killings and fix pence; And for and upoh the Marriage of every person of the Degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of Nova Scotia, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pfcnce; And for, and fipon the Marriage of every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath, the Sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two. (hillings and fix pence;. And for, and upon the Marriage of every person that is a Knight Batchelor, the Sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said Two (billings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Serjeant at Law, being the Kings Serjeant, the Sum of Twenty pounds, j over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every other Seijeant at Law, the Sum Of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and ! Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Efquirt, or reputed Efquire, or owning or writing himfelf to be fuch, the Sum of Five Pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or owning, or writing himfelf to be fuch, the Sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of a Baronet, Knight of the Bath, Knight Batchelor, Serjeant at Law, Efquire or Gentleman, or imputed Efquire or Gentleman, or writing or owning theoifelves as fuch, the Sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage Of every person of the degree of an Arch-Bifhop, the Sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said two (hillings and Six pence $ And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a BUhop, the Sum of Twerity pounds, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for,and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Dean of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of ten pounds over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence ; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of an Arch-Deacon, the Sum of Two pounds and Ten shillings, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence; And for, and upon the Marriage of eyery person of the degree of a Canon or Preben*-dary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of Two pounds ana Ten shillings, over and above the said Two (hilling* and Six pence ; And for, and upon the Marriage^of every Per-fpn of the degree of a Doflor of Divinity, Law or Phyfick, the Sum of Five pounds, over and above the-daid Two shillings, and Six pence; And for and upon the Marriage of every Son of an Arch-Bi(hop, Biflhop, Dean, Arch-Deacon, Canon, Pits bendary, Dodtor of Divinity, Law or Phyfick, the Sum of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence;'And for, and upon the Marriage of every person having a Real Eftate pf the Value of Fifty pounds fir Anwtm,

at

APPENDIX.

433

Or upwards or a perforial Eftate of thfc Value of Six hundred pounds dr upwards, and not otherWife hereby Charged under the several Dignities, Ranks,* Orders, Qualifications or Degrees herein before mentioned, the Sdrti of Twenty shillings, over and above the said Two (hillihgs and 8ix pence; And for, and upon the Marriage Of every Son of every such person or per* fons having such rfcal or perforial Eftate, as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten (hillings over and above the said Two (hillings and Six pence.	A

X.	And be it further eha&ed by the Authority aforefaid,

That the several and refpedtive Duties and fums of money fo to be raised and paid by Marriages, as aforesaid sis the fame shall feverally become due and payable, shall be charged upon, and anfwered, and paid to his Majesty; his Heirs and Succeflors, fof the aforesaid term of Five years, by the hufband upon demand.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid^

That every person Inhabiting and Refiding, or which shall Inhabit or Refide in tile Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy being a Batchelor above the Age of Five and twenty years (except such as receive Alms)

(hall from and after the said First day of May, during the said Term of Five years** or fo long time thereof as he shall continue a Batchelor* and longer, pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflbrs, the Sum of one (hilling yearly.

XII.	Artd be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Duty upon That every peMon inhabiting and refiding, or wjiich shall In- Batchelors, habit and refide in theKihgdoffl of England, dominion otWaleSy and Widowers and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy being a Widower, and hav- drenfiw*0e* ~ ing no Child or Children (except such as receive Alms) fhaH years. 5 from and after the said Fim day of Mayy during the said term

of Five years, or fo lone time thereof as he shall continue a Widower, and rio longer, pay unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflor9, the sum of one (hilling yearly.

XIII.	And be it1 further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after^the said First day of Mayy all and every person and perfons'bf the several Orders, Ranks, Degrees ana Qualifications Herein after mentioned, inhabiting and refiding, or which shall happen to inhabit and refide in the Kingdom of Englandy Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy being Batchelors above the Age of Five and twenty years, or Widowers without any Child or Children, shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors yearly, during the said term of Five years, or for fo long rime thereof as they shall continue Unmarried and no longer, the several and refpeftive duties and fums of Money herein after mentioned, over and above the said

yearly fum of Ohe (hilling, (that is to fay*) £very person of particulars# the degree of a Duktf of Englandy Scotland or Itelandy the yearly fum of Twelve pounds and Ten (hillings ; and every person of the degree of a Marquefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, theyearly fum of Ten pounds $ every person of the degree of an Earl of arty of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly Turn of #

Seven pounds and ten (hillings; every person of the degree of ' a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly fum

Vol. XXIII#

F f

of

MPENDI1

6f Six pounds and five (hillings; every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the (aid three Kingdoms, the yearly Turn of Five pounds; every eldeft Son of a puke of any or the laid three Kingdoms, the yearly fum of Seven pounds and ten (hillings; every Younger Son of such Duke the yearly fum of Six pounds and five (hillings; every Eldeft Son of a Marqueis of any ot the (aid three Kingdoms, the yearly fum of Six pounds and five (hillings; every Younger Son ot such Marqueis, the yearly fum of Five pounds; every Eldeft Son of an Earl of any of the laid three Kingdoms, the yearly fum of Five pounds ; even Younger Son of such Earl, the yearly fum of Three pounds gnd fifteen (hillings; every Eldeft Son of a Vicount of any of the fiud three Kingdoms, the yearly fum of Four pounds fevea (hillings and fix pence j every Younger Son of such Vicount, the yearly fum of Three pounds fix (hillings and eight pence; every Eldeft Son of a Baron of any of the (aid Three Kingdoms, the yearly fum of Three pounds fifteen (hillings; every Younger Son or such Baron the yearly fum of Three pounds; jevery person of the degree of a Baronet of any of die faid three Kingdoms, or of Nova Scotia, the yearly fum of Three pounds and fifteen (hillings; every person that is a Knight jof the Order of the Bath, the yearly fum of Three pounds and fifteen (hillings ; every person who is a Knight Batchelor, the yearly fin of Two pounds ten (hillings; every Seijeant at Law, being the Kings Serjeant, the yearly film of Five pounds $ every other Seijeant at Law, the yearly fum of Three pounds fifteen (hillings j every Efquire, or reputed Efquire, or owning or writing himfdf to be fuch, the yearly fum of One pound five (hillings; 6#ery Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or fo owning or writing himfelf to be fuch, the yearly fum of Five (hillings j every person of the Degree ef an Arch-Rifhop, the yearly fum ef Twelve pounds ana ten (hillings; every person of the degree oi a Bilhop, the yearly fum of Five pounds; every person of the degree of a Dean of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the yearly fum of Two pounds and ten (hillings; every person ot the degree of an Arch-Deacon, the yearly fum of Twelve (hillings and fix pence; every Canon or Prebendary of any Cathe* dnd or Collegiate Church, the yearly fum of Twelve (hillings and :fijc pence; every person of the degree of a Doflor of Divinity, Law, or Phyfick, the yearly fum of One pound and five shillings, every Son of an Arch-Bi(hop, Biihop, Dean, Arch-Deacon, Canon, Prebendary, Dodtor of Divinity, LaworPhy-jfick, the yearly fum of Five (hillings; every other person having a Real Eftate of the value qf Fifty pounds per Annum or Upwards, or a perfongl Eftate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not charged under any of the Orders, Ranks, Degrees or Qualifications aforesaid, the yearly (urn ot Five (hillings; and every Son of such person having such Real orPerfonal Eftate, the yearly fum of Two (hillings and fir pence; Which faid several and refpedive yearly- fums hereby charged, shall be paid by two equal half-yearly payments, at the twp tpoft ufugl Fcafts in the year (that is to fry} at the Feaffc

435

Appendix;

of St. Michael the Arch-Angel, and the Annunciation of the. hJefltd Virgin Mary.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person perf0n to pay shall by virtue of this Aft, be doubly charged, for, or in refpeft only for his of the several Titles, Honours or Degrees, but that every such higheft De-perfon shall he charged and chargeable for such Title, Honour grce#

or Degree ofily, as is higheft rated by this Aft.

XV.	. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commiflionerq That for the better execution of this Aft, and fof the ordering for ^and-Tax and levying of the several fums of Money, fo as a.forefaid li- f^ncrs°forthe H)itted and appointed to be paid, the persons nominated and first year, appointed to be Commiflioners for putting in execution an Aft

i of this prefeot Seflion of Parliament, Entitulecf, An Att for Granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four /hillings in the Pound for ont year, and for Applying the yearly fum of Three hundred thoufani i Pounds for Five years, out of the Duties of Tunnage and Poundage, i and other fums <jf Money payable upon Merchandizes Exported ancf i Imported, for carrying on the War qgainji France with Vigour, i shall he Commiflioners for putting in execution this prftent ; Aft, and the poyyers therein contained^ within all and cvpry i the several and refpeftive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, i Cinque-Ports, Towns and Places, for the First year of the faicj , term of Five years, for which the Duties hereby impofed are , granted; which faid Commiflioners, in order to the fpeedy cx-i ecution of this Aft shall (in their jrefpeftive Counties, Cities,

\ Boroughs* Towns and Places, for which they are appointed , Commiflioners) refpeftively meet together at the mod ufual or { Common placje of meeting, within such of the said Counties,

. Cities, Boroughs, Towns and places refpeftively, at or before | the Thirtieth day of April, One thousand fix hundred ninety | five; and the said Commiflioners, or fo many of them as than j be present at the First General Meeting, or the major part of them, may by their confents and agreements, divide as well , themfelves as other the Commiflioners, not then prefent, for ! the execution of this Aft, in Hundreds, Laths, Wapentakes,

, Rapes, Wards, Towns, and Other Places, within their limits Privilcdged or not Privileged, in such manner as to them shall ' fcem meet; and shall direft their several or joynt precept or precepts, to such Inhabitants, and such number of them as they ; in their diferetion shall think mod convenient, to be Prefenter* and Aficfibrs, requiring them to appear before the said Com-miflioners, at such time and place as they shall appoint, not exceeding ten days; and at such their appearances, the said Commiflioners, or fo many of them as shall meet, shall openly read or caufe to he read unto them, the feyeral Rates and Duties ip this Aft mentioned, and openly declare the effeft of their charge unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and thould make their Certificates and Aflcflments, according to the several Rates aforesaid $ and shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appear before the said Com-jemffioners, and bring in their Certificates in writing, of the Names,, Sirnamcs* Eftate?, Degrees, Titles and Qualifications

4&	APPENDIX.

of all and every the persons dwelling or refuting within the limits of thofe places with which they shall be charged, dividing them into several Columns as they are m Quality, Eftate and Qplification, and the Names of all other persons chargeable by this Aft, and the fums they are or ought refpeftively to pay upon Burials, Births or Marriages, and for their being Unmarried, according to the rules and direftions of this Aft* without * concealment, love, favour, dread or malice, upon pain of forfeiture of any fum not exceeding Five pounds, -to be levied as by this Aft is appointed, and shall also then return the Names of two or more able and fufficient persons,within the bounds or limits of thofe Parifhes or Places where they shall be Afleflbrs refpeftively, to be Collectors of the several Rates and Duties granted to his Majesty by this Aft, which fhaH grow due and payable within the First year of the (aid term of Five years ; for whofe paying unto the Receiver General to be appointed by his Majesty, his Deputy or Deputies, in manner following, such Monies as they shall be charged withal, the Parifh or Place, by whdm they are fo imployed, shall be anfwerable; and every Afleffor, fo as aforesaid, appointed or to be appointed, shall before he take upon him the execution of the (aid iftiployment, take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken, by an Aft made in the Parliament held the First year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Entituled, An Ail for the Abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and Appointing other-Oaths, and also take an Oath to be adminiftred in thefe words following:

AflefforsOath.c XT OU shall Swear well and truly to Execute the Duty of 4 A an Afleflor, and to caufe the Kates and Duties impofed

*	by an Aft, Entituled, An Ail for Granting to bis Maiejly certain c Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births and Burials, and upon

*	Batchelors and Widowers, for the term of Five years, for Carry-

*	ing on the War againjl France with Vigour, to be duly and im-

*	partially Afleflcd, accordingto the beft of your (kill and know-€ ledge; and therein you (ball fparemo Perfon for Favour or

*	affeftion, nor any Perfon Grieve for Hatred or 111*will.

x	Which	Oaths any two or more of the Commiflioners in the

County, City, or Place where the said Afleflment is to be made, have hereby power, and are hereby required to adminifter. Aflcflorstore-* XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaid, tarn a Certi- That the Rates and Afleflinents charged by this Aft, shall be ficate of Af- afcertained, and the Certificates thereof returned to the Com-n^r^fCoHec-* iniflioners, at or before the Thirtieth day of May, One thou-ting.	fand	fix	hundred ninety five ; and upon the delivery and return-

ing of such Certificates or Affeflfments unto the (aid Co mini f-fiouers, they, or any three or more of them; shall forthwith iffue out and deliver their Warrants or Eftreats to such Collectors as forefaid, for the fpeedy collefting and levying of the said afiefT-ments, as they shall refpeftively become due and payable, and all Moneys and Rates due thereupon, according to the intent and direftions of this present Aft j of aU which the said CoHcftors

arc

APPENDIX.	43	7

arc herd>y required to make demand of the Parties chargeable therewith, or at the places of their lad abode, within ten d?y$ after the said Duties hereby granted shall refpe&ively become due and payable, and to pay in the fame within twenty days after the Receipt thereof, at such place as the Commiflioners shall appoint, unto the refpe<5tive Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby irppowered and required to call upon and haften the Collectors to the said payment; and in .default of such payment, to levy, by Warrant under the Hands qnd Seals of any two or more of the Comroiffionprs, upon the Collectors, by qiftrefs and fale of his or their Goods arid Chattels, such fum and fums of Money as he hath received, and as ought by him to have been paid, and is not paid by reafon of his failure in doing his du|y, according to the direction of this Act.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That a true Duplicate of Jthe said Afleflments be, in convenient time, made out and de-livered unto the refpedtive Receivers General, fo as every of Receivers Ge-them may be duly charged to anfwer their refpective Collections neral who an? and Receipts; s*nd that the refpective Receivers General (hallto Pa7 into pay the several fums of Money by them received by virtue this Act, into his Majeilies Exchequer, by half-yearly pay- 'y xnents, at the two mod ufual Feafts of the year, (that is to fay) the Feaft of St. Michael the Arch: Angel, and the Feaft of the Annunciation of thp Blefled Virgin fldary, or fooner or oftner, if thereunto required by the Cpmmiffioners of his Majesty's Treafury, or by the High Treafurer.or Commiflioners of the Commiflioner Treafury for the time being; and upon the rptum of any such upon return Certificate, the said Commiflioners, or any three or more of them,°f Certificate (hall, and may, if they fee caufe, examine the Prcfcnters there- ”Ra?c per,, of; and if the said Commiflioners, or any three or more Qffons higher. * them, within their several Limits, shall at the time of the rer * turn of the Certificates, or within Twenty days after, have certain knowledge, or vehemently fufpedt that any person qr pep-fons, who ought to be mentioned in the said Certificates, is, or are omitted, or that ^ny person or persons in the said Certificate mentionea, is or arc of a higher Degree or Quality, or of a greater Eftate than in the said Certificate is mentioned, or is otherwise undercharged, or not duly charged according to the direction of this A£t, the said Cpmmiffioners, or anv three or . "more of them, shall have pqwer to fummon such perlon or persons to appear befotp thgm, at a day and place prefixed, to bp examined toughing the Rates and Duties aforesaid, or touching other matters which may any way concern the premifle$; and if any person or persons fummoned to be fo examined, shall neg-to appear, having not 3 reafonable excufe for fugh his default, every .perfon fo making default, shall pay unto his Maje-fty double the sum of the Rate he (hiould or ought to have been fet at. And moreover the said Commiflioners, or any two or more of them, shall have power, by all lawful ways ana means, to examine and enquire into the Degrees, Ranks, Qualifications

,	F f 3	an4

45*	APPENDIX.

and Eftates of such pcrfbns as are charged by tills A&, and to fet such Rate or Rates upon every fuel} perlon of perfon*. as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Ad. And the said Receiver General shall have an allowance of two pence in the pound, for all Moneys which shall be by him paid Receivers Ge- into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that eVery Collector nera! and Col- shall have three pence in the pound for what Money be shall ledors Fee. pay to the Receiver General, his Deputy and Deputies.	j

Fee of Com* XVlIL And Fof the cafeful writing and tranferibirig thfe faid miflioners * Warrants, Eftffeats and Duplicates in due time, Be it further Clerks, ena&ed. That the Clerks or the Commiflioners, who shall re-fpedively perform the fame, (hall, by Warrant under twb cr more of the Commiflioners Hands, have and receive from the refpe&ive Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, one peny in the pound of all such Money as he shall havfe received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is here- j by appointed and allowed to pay the fame accordingly ; and if any person of persons shall refufe to pay the several fum and MannerofLe. fums and proportions appointed bV this Ad for such person to vying. pay, upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place, according to the Precept or Eftreats to him delivefed by the Commiffioners appointed by this Act, it shall arid tnay be lawful to and for such Officer or Collect or, who are hereby thereunto authorized and required, for Non-payment thereof, to di-ftrain the person or perforis fo refuting by his of their Goods cr Chattels, and the diftrefs fo taken, to keep by the fpace of tour days, at the cofls and charges of the Owners thereof, and if the said Owner do not pay the rerpedive fums of Money due by this Ad, within the said Fouf days, then the said diftreft to be appraifed by two or more of the Inhabitants where the said diftrefs is taken, and thereto be Sold by the said Officer for payment of the said Money, and the Overplus coining by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charges of taking and keeping the said diftrefs, to be immediately reftored to the Owner thereof; and moreover it shall and may be lawful to Break bpeh (in the day time) any Houfe, and (upon Warrant under thfe Hands and Seals of two or more of the (aid Commiffioners) any Cheff, Trunk, Box or other things, where any such Goods are*, calling to their affiftance the Conftable, Tythingman, and Headbo-rough within the Counties, Cities, Towns and Places* where any refufal, negledt or rcfiftance shall be made $, \vhich faid OF-. ficers are hereby required to be aiding and affifting in the presides, as they will anfwer the contrary at their Peril ; and if any person or persons, appointed to pay any of the duties charged by this Adft, shall refufe or neglea to pay the Taid fum or fums fo appointed to be paid, by the Ipace or ten days after demand, as aforesaid, where no fufficient diftrefs cSn of iriay be found, whereby the fame .may be levied, in every such cafe, two or more of the Commiffioners, or two Jufticcs of the Peace, by this A& appointed for any such City, County or Place, are hereby authorized, by* Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to

commit

appendix;

eoinftit ftteh ptfrtbn or persons to the Common Gaol, there to fie kept without Bail or Mainprise, until payment shall be made; and if any pefibrt certified, aflefled, or rated, find hint Perfons over Cft her felf agrieved with such afl'efllng or rating, and do within #en days after notice of such a fie Aments given, as herein after commiffion* Is directed, by reading thereof in the Church, complain to the er». ' faid Commiflloners who ligoed or allowed their rate, they or atiy three or more of them shall and may, within ten days next after such complaint, particularly examine the party (o complaining, upon his or her Oath, of hfe or her Rank, Degree, Qualification or Eftate, and upon due examination or knowledge thereof, abate, defalk, encreafe or enlarge the (aid Afleflinent $ and the fame fp abated, encreafed or enlarged, shall be Eftreafed by them into the Exchequer in manner aforefaid; and to thaf end the said Commiflioners are hereby required to meet toge-ther for the determining of such Complaints and Appeals accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further enacted that for the better and more juftic«« of effectual putting in Execution of this Aft, the Jijftices of the Peace Com, Peace of the several and refpeftive Counties, Ridings, Cities, eniflioner* fo* Towns, Boroughs and places, within the Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Walts,and Town of Berwick	fhally

and are hereby appointed Commiflioners, for and during the ■ four lad years of the said Term of five years, for which the Dirties Impofed by this Aft are Granted 5 Who are hereby Authorised and Required, from time to tithe to put in Execution the several Powers and Authorities hereby Granted them, according to the several direftions of this Aft.

xx. And be it further enafted, for the better and more equal colleftorshow Charging the Duties slrifing by this Ad, that at the end of every cbofcn An-fear of the said term of five years, for Which the said Duties are nuaily. Afleff-hereby Granted, the Collectors for the next preceding year, meJJt to he shall caufe a copy of the refpeftive Affeflirtents given to them,

#rtd of the colleftion made by them for such Divifion,' Parifh Jjcc^ for ^ ‘ Of Place, for which they were appointed Colleftors refpeftively, laft yean may to be fairly written and figned by them, but with such altera- heighten the tions therein, as shall be neceflary by reaibn of the Death, change Alleifinents Of Quality or Degree, or Removal of any person or persons or Other wife, and at the bottom thereof, „ shall write or caufe to be Written, the Names of tw6 or more of the moft fubftantial Inhabitants of the refpeftive Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Divifions,

Or Places, for which they were Colleftors, whom they in their judgement shall think fit to be appointed Colleftors of the said duties within the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Divifions or Places refpeftively for the enfumg year* and the feid Colleftors are hereby appointed and required to deliver or caufe to be delivered the said Afleffinent fo fairly written artd figned by them, together with the Names of the persons nominated by them, as fit to be Colleftors for the year enfuing, or a true Duplicate thereof Signed, as aforesaid, unto two or more Juftices of the Peace for th* refpeftive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, Divisions or

 Places^ for which they were appointed Collectors raj fpeCtively, within the (pace of ten days after the end of eveij year of the said term of Five years* Jot which rfie duties, npco* tioned in this Act are granted; which Juftices of the Peace m hereby authorized and required, ftriCUyio perufe the fame, and examine the Prefenters thereof, and it the said Juftices or any two of them, within their several limits ordiyifions, shall at ths time of the delivery of such Certificates or aljeffmcnts, or with* in ten days after, have certain knowledge, or have cai^fe to.fiif-peCt, that any person or persons who ought to be mentipned^ the said Certificates, or Afleffments is, or are omitted^or that any person or persons in the laid Certificate mentioned* is os are of a higher degree or quality, or of a greater Eltate than in' the said Certificate is mentioned, or is otherwise Undercharged, or not duly charged according to the direction of this ACt, the said Juftices, or any two of them, shall have power to fummon such person or persons to appear before them, at a day and place prefix! to be examined touching the rates and duties aJforefod, or touchingother matters which may any ways concern the Premif-feS; and if any .perfon pr persons fummoned to be fo examined, shall negleCt to appear, not having a reasonable excufe for such his i default, every perfopfo making def ault, shall pay unto his Majesty double the sum of the rate he mould or ought tQ have been £et atr , And moreover, the said Juftices of the Peace, to whom such Certificates or Afleffments (hpll be delivered, or any two of them, or any other two Juftices of thp Peace of the refpedive Counties where fuph Affeffinpnt shall be made, shall have power, and are hereby required, by all lawful ways and means, to examine and enquire into, and concerning the several Degrees, Ranks, Qualifications and Eftates pf such persons as are chargeable by this A£t and thereupon to enl*rge? alter, abate or diminilh the (kid Afleffments fo delivered to the said Juftices, fo that such Rate or Rates may be fet and impofed upon every such person or persons as lhall be according to the true intent and meaning of this A&$ And the said Juftices of the Peace, or apy three or more or them, (hall, after such perufal and examination thereof, fet their Hands to thp faid rcfpeCtive Afleffments (edifying their Allowance thereof; And shall likewife nominate and appoint two pf the persons named in the said Certificate or Afleffmenr, to be Collectors for the refpe&ive Divifions, and Places, for which ,they were fo presented * And shall forthwith deljver, or caufe to be delivered luch Affeffment, fo by them Allowed of, unto the refpective persons by them nominated, to be CollpCtors fpr thp year enfuing ; Who are hereby ftrictly enjoined and required to Colled and pay the several Rates and Duties fo Rated ^na Af-feffed according to the directions herein before contained, for and touching the Collectors of the said Duties hereby Granted, and under the several Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted upon Collectors fpr negleCt or not performance of their Quty.

XXI.	And be it further EnaCted by the Authority aforesaid, that the several and refpeCtive Collectors of the Duty granted by ‘	.	. .	*.............tlu?

APPENDIX.	441

this ACt, shall every year, during the continuance thereof, with* in the fpace of fix days after the refpeCtive Aflefiments or Certificates shall be to them delivered, deliver over the fame, or a true Copy thereof, unto the relpeCtive Parfon, Vicar, ReCtor or Curate for the refpeCtive Parilh, Divifions or Places, for which Vicars to read they are appointed Collectors, under the penalty of forfeiting the the Annual Sum of Five pounds to his Majesty; And the said Parfons,

•Redtors, Vicars and Curates, are hereby required under the like penalty of Five pounds, to be forfeited to his Majesty for every offence, on the next Lords day, commonly called Sunday, after the Receipt thereof, openly and pyblickly to read or caufe the fame to be read in the Church, immediately after Divine Service in the morning, to the end that every person thereby Rated pr Charged, may have notice of such Rate or Charge, and if he or they find hipi or themfelves aggrieved thereby, they may complain and appeal according to the directions of this ACt.

XXII.	And be it farther enaCted by the Authority aforesaid p f that during the Four laft years of the said term of Five years, for which the Duties Impofed by this ACt are granted, upon years may ap. Complaint made by any person or persons Rated or affeffed by p?*l to Ju* virtue of this ACt, to the Juftices of the Peace who Signed or fticcs* allowed his ojr their Rate or Afieffment within ten days after such notice, as aforesaid, given, by reading the refpeCtive Rates and affeffments in the Church, as before is directed, the said Juftices who Signed or Allowed the said Rates, or any two of them, together with the other Juftices of the said County, Riding, City or Place, where such Afieffment was made, are hereby impoyvered at the next Quarter Seflions, after such Complaint, particularly to examine the parties fo complaining, upon his or her Oath of his or her Ryik, Degree, Qualification or Jiftate, and upon due examination or knowledge thereof, to abate, encreafe, defalk or enlarge the said Aflefiments, or any of them; And the fame (b abated, encreafed or enlarged, shall be certified and delivered by them unto the refpeCtive Collectors of the said Duties for their better direction in the Collection thereof; Who are hereby required to ColleCt and pay the fame, according to the directions of this ACt, under the several penalties apd forfeitures hereby Inflicted upon Collectors for negleCt of, or not performing their duty; And a true Duplicate thereof shall be in convenient time by them made out and delivered unto the refpeCtive Receivers General, fo as every of them may )>e duly Charged to anfwer their refpeCtive Collections and Re- ' ceipts ; And the laid Collectors and Receivers General are hereby required, to Pay all and every the fums which shall be by Jhem Collected or Received, at any time during the continuance of this ACt, at such tjmes apd places and in such manner, and under such Penalties apd Forfeitures for not payment thereof, as herein before is directed.

, XXIII. And be further enaCted, that all Appeals once heard 1	1

£nd determined by virtue of this ACt, shall be final, withoutAppeal$ f ny farther Appeal qpon ^py pretence wbatfoever.

XXIV.	And

Regifter to b< kept in every Pari(h of Marriages, Births and Burials.

Notice to be given to Col-c&ors of £hild bom.

Non Obftantes to this or any other Aft giv* ing Supply^ void.

APPENDIX.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted for the berfer Levying and Collcfting the Duties granted by this Aft, that all persons in holy Orders, Deans, Parfons, Deacons, Vicars, Curates, and their or stay of their Subftitutes, do within their fdjpcftive Parishes, Precinfts, and Places, tafte an exaft and true account, and keep a Regifter in writing of all and every petfon or per-fons Married, Buried, Chriftened or both in his or their refpeftive Pari foes or PreCmfts,or in such Common Burying places as their refpeftive Parifoioners are ufoally Buried in, to which Book of Regifter, the Colleftors for the refpeftive ParHhes and Places, and all other persons concerned (hail have free accfts to view the fame at all feafonable times, without any Fee or Reward; And And if any such Parfpn or Minifter fhali refufe, or negleft to keep a true Regifter thereof, ad before is ditefted, such Parfon or other Minifter fo offending, fhali forfeit the fotfc of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by such petfon as fhali foe for the fame in any of his Majesty's Courts df Record at Wejlminjter, by any Aftiott of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, Wherein no Effoign, wager of Law or protection shall be allowed, and wherein the profccufor fhali recover his full Cofts, the rttoiety of Which forfeiture fhali be to the ufe of the Kings Majesty, his Heirs and $ucceifors, pud the other Moiety to the perfon* who fhaQ inform and fue for the fame.

XXV.	And be it further ensued by the authority aforefakf, that the Parents of every Child which fhali be bom at any time within the said term of Five yeafrs, or one of then*, fhali Within Five days after such birth, give notice to the cOfleftors* or one of them of the Parifh or Place Where fuch.Child was bom, and of the Chriftian name of such Child, and the foiy of if $ birth ; And the said Colleftors, or one of them fhafl thereupon give a Certificate in Writing under his or their hands unto focA Parent, teftifying that such notice wa$ given, Without Fee or Reward for the lame; And in cafe any child foal! be born dead, then ond of the Parents theredf shall bring a Certificate under the hands of two or more persons teftifying the fame, unto the said Colleftors, or one df them j And in cafe arty Parent fhali negleft to give such notice, as aforesaid, he fhali Forfeit the Sum of Forty fhillings, one Moiety yiereof to the King's Maje* fty, and the other moiety td the Informer.

XXVI.	And be it farther ehaftedby the authority aforesaid, that no letters patents granted by the Kings Majesty, or any of his toyal progenitors, or to be granted by his Majesty to any person or perfons. Cities, Boroughs or ToWfis Corporate within this Realm, of any manner of Liberties* Pritflcdges or Ex* emptions from Subfidies, Tolls, T*axes, Afftflteents of Aids, fhali be conftrued or taken to exempt any person or perfdftf, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or any the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burthen and Charge of any fbfn of funtstf money granted by this Aft; And all Non ObflifMet irt such Letters Patents, rhade or to be made, in Bar of any Aft 61 Afts of Paf* liament for the Supply or Affiftance of his ^fajefty, ^re hereby declared to be void and of hone effefl ; Any fueh Letters Patents, Grants or Charters, of any Claufe of Kott Objlante, or pther matter or thing therein contained, or itiy LaW or Statute to the contrary riotWithftahdirig.	■

XXVII.	And be it ftifthefr kni&ti by the Authority afore- &c charged faid, that where any perfori or pfcrKbrts Chargeable with any for Infants. Rates or Affefflnents by this A6t ImpOfed, shall be ittlder the

:kge of one and twenty years, in every such cafe the Parents,

Guardians arid Tutors of filch Infants refp^flively, upon default of payment by such Infants, rfiftfl be, aha ire hereby ffcade Liable to, and Charged With tftfe payments Which fiich Infants pught to havfe made; And if such Parerits, Griiardians or tutors (nail ndgledt of refufe to pay, as aforefald. It shall and ittay be Lawful to proceed againft theth in like manner as a-gainft any other person or perforts making default of payment^ as herein is mentioned; And all Parents, Gliafdiart$ and Tutors, making payment, as aforesaid, fhdll b6 AHdwed all and every the fums paid for such Infants updh his or their Accounts.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, that eveiy person Rated Place of A(-or Aflefled by virtue of this Adt, shall be Rated it fbeh place feffiaent. Inhere he ot (he shall be Refident at the tithe of the fttecutioh

pf this Adt; And all persons not being Houfholdets, rior having a certain place of Refidence, and all SetvstfttS shall be Taxed at the place where they shall be refident at the time df the execution of this adt; And If any person whp ought to be Taxed by virtue of this adt, shall at the time of this Aflefiment be out of the Realm, such person shall be Rated therefore in such County,

City or Placfe where he was laft abiding Within this Realm.

aXIX. Provided, that if ahy person Or petfofis by reafon of r	r

his or their having several Martfion Hdtlfes Of places of Refi- Affeflment m dence or otherwife, shall be doubly charged by occaiion of this be given to Adt, then upon Certificate made by any two or more of the difeharge in Commiflioiiers for the County, Riding, City or place of his or another their jperfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals of the fum or fums Charged upon him of them, arid in what capacity or refpedt he or they Were fo Charged* which Certificate the said Commiflioners are required to give Without delay. Fee or Re-Ward; And upon Oath made of fiich Certificate before any Ju- , ftice of the Peace for the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Juftice of Peace is hereby Authorized and Required to Adminifler,) then the person or persons fo doubly Charged, (hall, For so much as shall be fo Certified, be difeharged in every other County, City, or Place;

And if any other person that Ought to be Taxed by virtue of this Adt, shall by Changing his place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud Or Covin, efcape from the Taxation, and not be Taxed, and the lame be proved before the Commifliohers or any two of them, or before any Juftice of the Peace in the County, Riding, City, or place where such person dwelleth or refideth, at any time within three months next enfuing after such Tax made, every person that shall fo efcape from Taxation

Place of AfTefl-jnent*

CommifEonert to Aflefi Com-uufBoners.

Manner of re

money from. CQflectori.

APPENDIX,

tion and Payment (h*U be Charged, upon proof thereof, it double the value of so much as he should or ought to have been Taxed at by this A&, and the said double value (upon certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commiflioners or Juftice* before whom (uch proof shall be made) to be Levied of the Goods, Lands and Tenements of such perfon.

• XXX. And for the better discovery of all such persons as are ‘ Charged by virtue of this AcP Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that every Houiholder (hall, upon the demand of the Afleffors or Colle&ors of the refpe&ive Parifhes or Places, give an Account of the Names, Degrees, Qualifications and Eftates of such persons as shall Sojourn or Lodge in the refpedive Houfes, under the penalty of Forfeiting to his Ma-jefltf the Sum of Five pounds, to be Levied and Recovered in fu^h manner as other penalties in this A& mentioned are to be Levied and Recovered.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that if the Heir of any person dying, shall pay the Duties Charged by this Alt upon the Burial of such perfon, pr if the (aid Duties shall be Levied, by virtue of this A ft, upon the Lands, Tenements, qr Hereditanfyeqts defeended to such Heir, from the person upep whofe Burial the said Duties became due, that then such Heir, his Executors or adminiftrators shall be Intituled to recover fo ippch from the Executors or Adminiftrators of such perfon, out of Aflets of the said *Teftator or Inteftate, by Action of Debt, to he brought ip any of his Majefties Qourt of Record qt fFcJl-minfter.

X^XII. And it is further enacted and declared, that if any Colleflor, that shall by virtue of this A<ft, be appointed for the Receipt of any fums of Money thereby to be Aflefled, shall ne-glcft or refufe tp pay any fum or fums of money, which shall be by him Received, as aforesaid, and to Pay the fame, as in and by this A£1 i$ directed, and shall detain in his or their Hands, any Money Received by them, or any of them, and not pay the fame at such time, as by this Att is directed, the Commi^ioners of each County, Riding, City or Town respectively, or any two or more of them in their refpeCtivp Divisions, are hereby Authorized and Impowprcd to (mprifon the perfon, and Seize and Secure the Eftate both real and perfonal, of such Collector tp him belonging, or which shall defeend, or come into the Hands or Pofleflion ot his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, where-foever the fame can be difeovered and found; And the said Commiflioners, who shall fo Seize aqd fecure the Eftate of any Collector or Collectors, shall be, and are hereby Impowered to appoint a time for the General meeting of the Commiflioners for such County, Riding, City, Town or ^lace, and {here to caufe publick Notice to be given at the place where such meeting shall be appointed fix days at leaft before such genera] meeting; And the Commiflioners present at such general (heeting, pr the Major part of them, in cafe the moneys detained by any such Qofle&or-or Collectors be pot paid or fatisfled, as it ought to b^

according

44S

APPENDIX;

According to the directions of this A St, shall and are hereby Impowered and Required to fell and difpofe of all such Eftates which shall be for the Caufe aforcfaid Seized and Secured, or any part of them, and to Satisfie and pay into the hands of the Receiver General) the Sum that shall be fo detained in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors* their Heirs* Executors or Admini* itratdrs refpeCtively.

XXXIII.	Provided* and be it further enaCted by the autho- Houlholdere t* rity aforesaid, that for the avoiding all obftruCtions* and delays give account in afiefling and collecting the fums which by this ACt are'to oe °f their Lodg-rated and a(Te(Ted* all places, Conftablewicks* Divifions and Al*-crs* lotments which haveufed to be rated and aflefled, shall pay and

be aflfefled in such County* Hundred* Rape* Wapentake, Con-(Vablewick, Divifion, Place and Allotment, as the fame hath heretofore ufually been aflefled in* and not elfewHere.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-faid, that the Commifiioners that shall be within any Ctfunty,

City or Place within the refpeCtive Limits, or the major part of . them, shall rate and affefs every other Commiflioner joyned with

them, for or in refpeCt of the rates and duties hereby granted, fo to be repaid! as therefidence ana ufual dwelling-place of such Commiflioner, by Executor, fo to be aflefled, be within the divifion of such Commifiioners by whom he is aflefled; And the Commifiioners within their divifion shall afiefs every afleffor, for all and fingular the premifles for which* by this aCt, he ought to be rated and aflefled; And as well all fums aflefied upon every the said Commifiioners and afleflors as the afieflments made and fet by the afleflors aforefaid,

(hall be levied and gathered as the fame (hould and ought to have been if such Commifiioners had not been named Com-miflioners.	_	. .

XXXV.	Provided also, that no person inhabiting in any porarionnotm City, Borough or Town-Corporate shall be compelled to beany be Affeffor afleffor or ccUeCtor, of, or for any part of the rates and afleu- without, ments, hereby granted* in any place or places out of the limits

of the said City, Borough or Town-corporate.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaCted* that in all privileged Affeffmentof and other places, being extraparochial, and not within the con-ftablewicks or precinCts of the refpeCtive afleflors* to be appointed by virtue of this ACt, the said Commifiioners* or arty

two or more of them* (hall, and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit persons, living in or near the said privileged or other places* as aforefaid* to be afleflors for the said places* and to make and return their faid aflefiinents in like manner as by this ACt is appointed in any parilh, tything or place, and also to appoint two or more Collector or Collectors, who are hereby required to colleCt and pay the fame,'according to the rates appointed by this ACt for collecting and paying all fums of money payable by this ACI.

XXXVII.	Provided also, and be it enaCted, that no ftay of No noli prof©* ♦profecution upon any Command, Warrant, Motion, or Order, for Olfen-of direction by non vult ulterius fro/ifui shall be had* made, ad- dcr8*

mitted*'

44f>	A	fp E

fitted, rpoeiyed or allowed by any cpwt yyharioevcr, in any fait or proceeding by Aftiou of Debt, BUI, Plaint or Information . or otherwise, for ifie recoyery of all or any the pains, penalties or forfeitures, upon any per/on or perfoos by this inRi&ed or therein mentioned, for* or in order to the M>qvi3ion pr Inability of any person offefldmg agaipft this A&.

Perfoncoming « XXXVIII. And for the more effectual charging all per/oos Towrt alter * chargeable with any of the duties arifing by virtue of this A#,' AileflSnent be it ensued by the Authority aforesaid, that if after the aHeff-may be aflitf. meats directed by this ad Hull he mads, any per Con Hull corns fe<?_by Com* to inhabit of refidje in any divjfion or place where foch perfou was nuttioneri. not £^ated or Taxed, the Commiffioners ading within such divifion pr place are hereby required and impostered to fummoo such person before them; and unlefs he or Hie /hall produce a Certificate, made according tp the directions of this ad, whereby it shall appear that he or me was a defied, and hath paid the duties arifing by such afieflment in fome other place, the hud Coeunif* fioners /hall and are hereby required to caufe such person to be a defied, and the money anting by such afieffinent, to he levied and paid according to die true intent and meaning of this ad. FuaiAunsnt of XXXIX. And be it further cnaded, that if any Atfcfior, Colleftor* ne- Colledor, or other person appointed by the Commiffioners, g!e^> *«• . fhali wilfully oeglcd or refufe to perform bis doty in the due and gSCS fpeedy execution of this *d, the bid refppdive Commiffioncrs, Receivers'Ge- or «ny three or m°F* nf them, m»y and shall by vir/ue of this nera).	ad, impofe on such person or persons fo refilling or ncg/e&ing

their duties any Fine, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounda for any ope offence, the fame to be levied and certified, as aforc-faid, and charged upon the refpedfve Receivers General, amongft the reft of the Rates aforefaid; And the said Commiffioners, or any two or more of them, may or shall from time to time call for and require an account from the refpediye Receivers General of a/1 the mpney rpcclyed by them of die faid Coiledors, and of the payments thereof into his Majefties Exchequer, according to the diredions of this ad; And in cafe of a failure in the pre-mifies tlie bid Commi/Tioners, or any two nr more of them, are hereby required tocapfe the fame to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; And in cafe .of any controverfie arifing between the said Commiffioners concerning the said rates or afleffinents, the Commiffioners that shall be concerned therein, shall have no voice, but shall withdraw during the debate of fucb controverfie, until it be deter* mined by the reft of the Commiffioners; And all queftiops and differences that shall arifc touching any of the said rates, taxes, afieffinents or levies, shall be heard and finally determined by three or more of the Commiffioners; upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or perfbns thereby grieved, wkhout further trouble or fuit in Law S And, the said Receiver General,

, his deputy or deputies, shall give acquittances gratis to the said Coiledors for all moneys of them received in putfuance of this aft, which acquittances shall be a full difcbarge to the (aid CoL-

ledtors.

447

APPENDIX.

te&ors, refpedivehr; And the said Colledors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General, their deputy or deputies, a perfed Schedule fairly written in Parchment, under meir Hands and Seals, (igned and allowed by any two or more of the said re-Ipe&ive Commiflioners containing the names and firnames and places of abode of every perfon, as well Peer as Commoner, within their refpedive collection, that shall make default of payment of any of the fums that (lull be rated or a He (Ted on such per(ons, for such rate or duty by virtue of this ad, and the funt and fums charged on every Rich perfon, the fame to be returned by him into his Majefties Exchequer; whereupon every person fo making default of payment, may be charged by proccfs of the Court, according to the courfe thereof in that behalf.

XL. Provided always, and be it enaded, That all Conftables, Conftable to Head boroughs, Tythingmen, and other his Majefties Officers, execute Coin-fhal], and are hereby required and enjoyned to be refpedively miflionera aiding and aftiftiag in the execution of this ad, and to obey ana Warrant** execute such Precepts or Warrants, a$ shall be to them direded in that behalf, by the refpedive Commiffioners hereby appointed, or any two or more of them.

XLI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore&id, Perfon fued That if any adion, piaint, (bit, or information shall be com- for Executing menccd or profecuted againft any person or persons for what he t'?“ qt they shall do in purfuance, or in execution of this ad, such „eer*j person or persons fo Sued in any Court wbatfoever, shall or may plead the .General UTue, Not Guilty, and upon any Iflue joyned, may give this ad, and the Special Matter in evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Profecutor shall become Nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeontinuance, or if a Verdid pais againft him, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover their treble Cofts, for which they shall have the like remedy, as in any cafes, where cofts by the Law are given to Defendants.

XLII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid.

That all moneys due and payable by this ad, shall be paid by the particular Colledors of the refpedive Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Parilhes and Places who shall colled the fame, ynto such Receiver General, as shall by his Majesty be appointed to receive the fame, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver General, to be appointed under his Hand and Seal, whereof Notice shall be given by-the Receiver General unto the Commiflioners or any two of them, within their refpedive Divifions, within Ten days after their first General Meeting, and fo from time to time within Ten days after every Death or removal of any Deputy, if any such shall happen; and the Receipt of such Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, shall be a fufficient difeharge unto every such Colledor.	Colledors to

XLIJI. And be it further enaded, That the particular Col- pay the Money ledors, for payment of any fums by them received unto such ^c^al fciut Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall not be obliged to travel tJ, t'favei above Ten miles from the place of their habitations.	above 10

XLI V. And for the better preventing such unjuft vexations miles.

as

44»

APPENDIX.

rriight be oc cafioned by such persons as shall be appftnt^ Receivers General of any of the fums of money granted by thz ad: and to the Intent the Receivers General may return: true account into his Majefties Court of Exeheque^ of such ftin*, of money as (liali be received by them, andeveiy of them, their, and every of their Deputy and Deputies, Be it further enaCtec by the authority aforesaid, that if any such Receiver Genet*, shall return orcertifie unto the said Court any fum Or fans ti moneys to be in arrear or Unpaid, after the fame have been received, cither by such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, or shall caufe any person or persons to be j fet Infuper in the said Court, for any fum or fums of money tha Pumjhment of hath been fo received, that then every such Receiver Genend ncraVforSfet-" f°rfeit to every person and persons that shall be mokfted, tinjg an Infuper vexed, or damaged, by reafon of such unjuft certificate, retom,, unjuftly upon or fetting Itifuper, treble the damages that shall be thereby oc-. Collectors. cafioned, the said damages to be recovered by A&iori of debt,!

bill, plaint or information, in which no effoign, protection, a; wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance, and (hail also forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and fiiccd-, fors, double the fum that shall be fo unjuftly certified, or returned, or caufed to be fet Infuper•

Commiflioners XLV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforehid, exempt from That no Commiffioner or Commiflioners, who shall beemployed Penalties of jn the execution of this aCt shall be liable, for, or by reafon of Cap.**. ** such cxecuti°n t0 any of the penalties mentioned in an adt made p‘ * the Five and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, far the preventing of dangers which may happen from PopMh Recu-fants.

Levyingofdtt- XLVI. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That all Penal-***•	ties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any offences again ft this

aCt, for which there is no particular way of levying herein before prefcribed or appointed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the refpeCtive Commiflioners of the divifion or place where any such offence was or shall be committed, by diftrefs and fale of the Goods of the Offender, rendring the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after a deduction of reafonablecharges for diltrainingthe fame.

Penalty upon XLVI1. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any deUverine Du Collector, appointed by virtue of this aCt to colleCt the duties plicates to U hereby granted, shall negleCt orrefufe to deliver a Copy or Dup-next Collec- licate fairly written and fiened by him, of the afleifment, by j tors.	which he collected the said Duties, together with the Names, of

Two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parifh or Place for which he was Collector, to be appointed Collectors for the year next enfuing, at such time and in such manner as herein before is directed, every Collector fo offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to his Majesty, to be recovered and levied in such manner as herein is directed.

Overfeers of XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That the fe-pa* Tax for vera* ^uties anc* fums of money due and payable by thisaCt, PwrsBuriaL for, and uPoa l^;e Burial of any perfon, who in his Life-time,

apd

APPENDIX	449

Wftd at the time of his Death, Was relieved Where he Inhabited hy whttie of smyAft of Parliament made for relief of the Poor shall bepaki and anfwered to his Maiefty, by the Church-wardens and Overfccrs of the Poor for thatrarifh or Place where such person was left relieved or maintained, out of such money as they lhall fecehe for the relief of the Poor of their rcfpeftive Parilhes or State*, and shall be allowed the fame upon their accounts; and in default of payment, the said Churchwardens and Ovcrfeers lhall'be liable to be diftrained upon, and otherwise pfofecuted and punifhed, in such manner, as any other persons neglefting' or refuting to pay the Duties payable by them upon demand* are hereby made lyable to be diftrained upon or profecuted.

. XLIX. Provided always, that a demand at the.houfe where pjacft theperfon died, upon whofe Burial any duty is payable by this mancj for aft* of the money due for such Burial, shall be conftrued and rial Tax. deemed to be a good demand thereof by virtue of this aft. 1

L. And whereas in Cities, Corporations, and other greatc ationto Towns, where there are more Parilhes than one, and the poor p^j^thelr people in the fame do generally live in the skirts or outfujes of p0or of that finch Cities, Corporations, and other great Towns: And in cafe Suburb*, filch poor Parilhes (hould, by virtu® of this aft, be liable to pay the tax laid upon the burial of every person which received Aims within theirrefpeftive Parilhes, it would be extreamly burthen-fome: For remedy whereof, Be it enafted by the authority afore-ftlid, that the* Churchwardens and overfeers of every Parilh. in everyCity ojCorporation, or Liberties or Suburbs thereof, and of every great Town, who have more Parilhes than one, as afore-faid, (hall, during the continuance of this aft, upon or before the Tenth day of May in every year, deliver unto the Mayor,

Chief Magiftratd, or Head Officer or Officers of every such City*'

Corporation or great Town, a Schedule, or Lift in Writing,

Which lhall contain the Name of every Poor person Buried in theirrefpeftive Parilhes within the year preceding, and for wboffe Burial they paid the Duty impofed by this aft; upon the delivery whereof such Churchwardens, Overfecrs of the poor, of fome of them, lhall make Oath before the said Mayor, JufHce of the Peace, Chief Magiftrate, or HeacT Officer, of the truth of1 the said Schedule or Lift (which Oath they are refpeftively hereby impowered to adminifter) and after delivery 4of ftictf Schedule or Lifts^ in manner aforesaid, the said Mayors, Chief Magiftrates, or other Head Officers, shall refpeftively caufe all the fidd fums, fo paid bv the said refpeftive Churchwardens or Ovcrfeers of the poor, upon the Burial of every such pOOr person in thelaid several Schedules mentioned to-be taxed upon the fe-veral Gitit s, Corporations and great Towns in general, With other charges for relief of the Poor,- and in like the manner, and within Twt> months1 after the fame shall be aflefled, fMll caufo petyottfottobfe made to the refpeftive Churchwardens artd O vkt-' leers of the Poor for the vear preceding, df-all such fum^and fttiMPtaoncy as they refpectively paid in ftielrRefpeftive*ParHh^ *

|My'foil the Burial of poor persons in tire fame yeaL r 'Woti XXlhh	—	*	lil.And

460	APPENDIX,

Accounting of Ii^. Affo fottbier OOfoM ty

the Receivers. fych R'tcqiuer or Receivers General, or otl»*»,p«rffoMtr fWffom* *tho is. or shall be fonployed in the receiving, r^la?tin&«»i paging tM fevers! Duties, upon fyforwagcc Birth* anddforiafe, foadalfo ypon Batchelors and Widower* bytbise# granMdW4wll hereby required* between- the Fir ft day of A%, -on® tibowfopd fix hundred ninety fix*end the First day«f Alfowfofcr* ftiUoawwg, ,,	and fe from year to year yearly at thole timer, during the conti-

nuance of thi* atf* to deliver in their relpetfuw *ecw«$ ' to h|s Mjyefties Auditors, of the Impteft* for the. tin* he one of them, who (hail be, and are hereby from tin****' refpetfively authorised to examine upon Oath the ffoi R.oeefow or Receiver* General, or other perfon. qr pertbn* AcronglMBs, which are or (haU he imployed in railing, receiving and unUee*

‘	ting. th« faid duties, of what fum or foms of money wtut or wan

by them or any of them refpefh vely railed, coUe&ed or rewenad within the time.of foch their. aeco*»ts, and Ukewifr wto»t pan thereof was by than* or any of them, paid into, tb* Remaps of hi* MajeRies. ExcheqMcr* or fry virtue, of any Waryent of Rfovp

Seat or Warrant, of riw Lord High Tr*afu<sti<w(>twBtiDqewr of his.Majeftie* TNafory for the time being,, Mhenfofo pnidt, end m whom, and for what fervic* or fentipeat and in making <thp (aid accounts to and before the said Auditors, or enantf therm they are to produce proper Vouchers for every fom on f 'wfonf mpneg fo by them or any of them railed, received and pin^rm carding to the ancient metbodaof the Exchequer,. thcjeutii stay, appeal upon Record, what the feeneamounted foe which (foih account or account* (hail he madfe sad whs* thereof was paid, and to whom, and for what ufound feneie* foe*and fervic**** aforafaid>.and what **mnfos uagmd»ng4*foU trt/upfF upon each reiM&ve Receiver and Collector* imi foab account or account* lb to he taken by thq foid Auditor, fo and are to be declared before foe Lord, Treafurer or LotfeCttmeiuR Conors of the Treafury, and Chancellor of tbcJ*xcbMimv4lM and for the time befog, according to Owcourfeof the Exrihe^uer

AkIi c^fes*

. RIE .And be it further unsifted by the authority aforefiad* Tbpt no person (ball b*. Married at any place pretending to hr exempt from the Vifuatioa of the Bdhopof theDiocefs* without * Licence first had and obtained, except the Banns lfraJlfreR«b. ]i(hed and Certified according toLaiw; and that.everyihwfcB, - V icar, and Curate, who (hall, Marry anyperfon*£oqtwy to the (rue intent and, meaning hereof, (hail forfeit,the, fom of onofonv dred pound*,to he recoyeaed byatfipn of dpht, biJb.giefoit «*-*•* formation in any pf fo*Ma^ies Court* fo,Recotd^cgie mfosty Whereof to the King,. his • flfefos and) Swgfoflbrv *nd thf nfow gtoiety to the iuformer who (had foe, far thefamsu andrtfojh&w the Second offonce^b* Sfoperufcdfoi Qjtfck Rrfofae* foyfoe fuacc fof Three %easft»	T	-

Fellows of Col v Ull. fa\d wkWW

ledges Ex- bibitioner* if for FniitfotTpH* FntilT)jtmtipri ijf ilij] fjfdfolg* empttromthe^^j^^ thc two Univerfitk%,are, tiytKeStafiK&lft thflirjre'

a	,	ipc^lire

Penalty upon Vicar Marrying in PriyiU edged place without Li* cencc*





451

APPEND

£«^lve- Cefledges dud' Walls, to be dH)>hleed from their Plkces dfl!*iiftenaneetfterein,if theylhail Matty r Bditenaftedbythte authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Taxes by ibis aft ini-pofodi or to be impdfed on Batchelors, shall not extend to fach Fellows, -Students dr Scholars of Houfes, or Scholars'hivlfttf FJuMbitions in any fitch Colledges or Halls; any thing herein contained to the contrary norwithftanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be It farther enafted, That Where Mafter of Fa-amy pcribn under the Age of One and twenty years, lhall not be fl}*H pay Refident at the tithe of his or her Death, with his or her Father •„ f" „ I*!?]!' W' Mother, that in such cafe the- Mafter or Miftrefs of the Fa- repiy, mily or House where (uch perfbn shall die, shall pay the feverat duties add fums of money, which shall become doe and payable^ by virtue of this aft, for and upon the Burial of such perfbn;

Sind'in default of payment, the (aid duties and fums of money	>

ifeail be levied by diftrefs and fale of the Goods and Chattels of fneh Mafter or Miftrefs, or otherwife, as by this aft b direfted touching the duties payable by virtue thereof; and such Mafter •r Miftrefs, paying such duties as aforesaid, (hall, and is hereby.

Hwhuled to deduft and retain so much as he or (he shall lb pay,

•w of the Eftate of faeh person fo dying hi his or her hands; and ioakfe fach Mafter or Miftrefs shall not havefafficient Eftate bthta or her hands belonging to the person Deceafed, then such Ms (ter or MKtrefe (hall, and b hereby intituled to demand and -recover so much Money, as he or (he lhall fb pay, from the Fa-ther'Of fach perfbn, if living, and if there man be no Father Hfitog, then from fitch person who was, or took upon him or her felf tobeGuardianor Truftee of such Child, byAftion of Debt, to bb brought in any of his Majefties Courts of Record at Wejt-mitflit, wherein noeftbign, wager of Law of proteftioh fhsdl be allowed.

tV. And for thebetter preferring the Genealogies, Deftrents Certific.te of and AfHianees of the Nobility and Gentry, Be it further enacted Degree, &c. of fffrfre authority aforesaid, That upon the Biirlal of every perfbn periomDying. or pcrfons, of any the-Degrees, Rgnlts, Titles or Qualities aforementioned, for which a duty of twenty (hidings or upwards b charged by this aft (except fitch pcrfons as are charged only for, or in refpeft of their waving Fifty pounds per Annum, or (lx hundred pounds Perfonal Eftate) the party lyable to pay the said duty, (haft deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the Cotteftor or Odieftors appointed bv this aft, a Certificate in writing, under hii Or her Hand and Seal, Engrafted in Parchment, or other-vfite, exprefling the Name, Simame., Title, Quality, Office and Employment (if any) of such deceafed perfon, with the Age,

Time of Death, Pace of Burial, Marriages and Iffac, and uie Ages of fach I (foe, together with the Names, Sirnames, TrtleS and Qualities of the Parents of such deceafed pcrfons; whidh Certificates (hafl be TYanfmitted to the Receiver General, hii Deputy or Deputies, who shall deliver them to the Kings Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms; and the said Officers of Arms fhxRthereupon forthwith number, fchedule, and digeft the feme in Alphabetic!) order,in Books to be provided for that purpofe, '

G g 3	and

APPENDIX.

apd ^all JFile up the QrigjoaU, in the CdjcdgP Arms i

publick ufe, and shall be anfwejrable for the keeping without any Fee or Reward for fo doing.

Claufc of Cre- L VI, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it flu die for fnd may be lawful, to and for any person or perfons* Natives e 650000I. at Si. Foreigners, Bodies Politick pr Corporate, to advance and Lend# per Cent. his Majesty, into the Receipt of his Exchequer, upon the credit pf this a£f, any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding the fan pf Six hundred and fifty thousand pounds in the whole, and to have and receive for t)ae forbearance of all such money as fhal| be Lent, Intereft not exceeding the rate of Eight pounds pa Centum per Annum.

LVII. And beit further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officer and Officers, who fhai 1 keep^a* d?ftintt conccrnec^ *n levying, collecting and receiving the duties Account! m *r*fing by this acd, do keep a feparate and diftind Account thereof and the lame (hall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer,

LVI1I. And be it further enacted by the Authority afare&d, That there shall be provided and kept in his Majefties Exehe-prder, Tally qucr js t0 fay) jn the Office of the Auditor of the receipts, ay men n Qne goc^ jn which 9\\ moneys that shall be paid into the Ex-

courfe and preference.

chequer, by virtue of this ad, shall be Entred and Regiftered spart and didind from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty upon any account whatfoever; and that ali and every person and persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall Lend any Money to his Majesty upon the credit of this ail, and pay the fame into the Receipt pf the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan ftruck for the fame, an$) an Order for his or their Repayment, bearing the lame Date with the Talley j in which Order shall be also contained^ Warrant for payment of Intereft for Forbearance, not exceeding the Rates aforesaid, for his or their Confidential), to bp paidt every Three months, until the Repayment of his or their Principal; And that all Orders for Repayment of Money fhati be Regiftered in courfe, according to the Date of the Tally rc-fpedlively, without preference of one before another; And tbataH and every Perfon and Perfons shall be paid in courfe, according |i$ their Orders shall (land Regiftered in the said Book, fo as that the Perfon, Native or Foreigner, his or their Executors, Admi-niftrators, or Affigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Qrders first Entered in the said Book, shall be taken and accounted as (he first Perfon to be paid upon the Moneys to cook in by virtue of this aeft; And he or they who shall have bis or their Order or Orders next Entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Perfon to be paid, and. fo fucceflively and h epurfe; And that the Moneys to come in by this A<ft, shall be in the fame Order liable to the fatisfa<5lion of the said refpedive Parties, their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns fucceflively, without preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and pot to be divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatsoever; And that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly.

APPENDIX

453

- ^iiroftly ,bcJcmandcd or taken of any of his Majcfties Spbje<5ft, for providing ormaking of any such Books, Regifters, Entries,

View or Search,' as aforesaid, or in, or for the payment of Money lent, or the Intereft, as aforesaid, by any of his Majefties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with Cofts of Suit; Or if the Officer himfelf take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lofe his Place alfo; And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made, either ip point of Regiftiy or Payment contrary to the true meaning of ■ 'this a<ft, by any luch Officer or Officers, Then the Party offend-5ng shall be liable by Adtion of Debt, or on the Cafe, to pay the value of the Debt, Damages and Cods to the psrty^grieved, and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office; and if fuch. Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk* without X>iredfion or Privity of his Matter, Then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Adtion, Debt, Damages and, Cods, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place* or Office;*

'And in cafe the Auditor shall not Dircdt,.qr the Clerk of the Pe||$

Record, or the Teller make Payment according to each Perfons . , t ,* due Place and Order as afore foiredted.

be judged to forfeit, and their refpe&ivi

herein offending, to be liable to such Action, jjeut, jjamages ^ and Cods, in such manner as aforefaid; All which (aid Ren$I- ‘ ties, Forfeitures, Damages and Cods to be incurred by any of the officers aforesaid, any of their deputies or clerks, shall and Clay be recovered ,by Adtjon of Debt, Bdl, Plaint or Information, i n any of his Majedies Courts of Record at fVeftminfter, whereip no Effoign, Protection, Priviledge, Wsger of Law, Jnjundliojp or Order of R^rainjt shall bc^pany wife granted or^jovyqcj?/

LIX. Provided always^ and,be it hereby Declajcf}»,.That if it shall happenthat several Talleys of Loan* ;or Orders fqr Pay-Cient, as aforefaid,.bear Date, or be brought the feme day^o thp Auditor of the Receipt to be Regidred, Then it shall be interpreted no lihpue Preference which of thole he Enters firft, fo he Enters them all the fame day. , ,vt.

LX. Provided also, That ij| (hail.not be iptcrpi?ted any undue Preference taincur any Penalty in point of payment, if the Auditor Diredt, and the Clerk of the Pells Record, and the Teller pay fubfequent Orders of Perfons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders in their courfe, foas there* ipay be so much Money referved as will fatisfie precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise dtfpofed, but kept for them,

(Intereft upon Loan being to eeafe from the time the Money is fo referved and kept in Bank fqr them.) _	.

LXI. And be it further ena&ed by the Author;ty aforesaid.

That every Perfon or Perfons to whom any Money lha ! be due Order tran*.

S	virtue of this adf, after Order Entred in the Book or Remitter fcrrable.

irefaid for payment rl>ereof, his Executors, Adrarn4ftr3{ors or Affigns, by Indorfement of lirs Order may Affign and Transfer his Right, Title, Intereft and Bepefit of such Order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office

Provifion for Sallarie*.

W, /'	/ 777	■/■><

Viw	APPENDIX.

of the Auditor of Receipt aforeflftd, and an Entry br Memorial ♦hereof aJfo made in the book of Regifter afbreftid for Orders (which the 'Officers fhaH upon requeft, withont Pee or Charge, accordingly make) shall Entitle inch AlEgnee, his Executors, AdminKlrators or Afligns, to the Benefit thereof, and Paymen: ♦hereon; and such Afflgnce may in like manner afijen again, and fo wits quo tits-, ana afterwards it shall not be i:i me power of such Ferfon or Peifons who have or hath made such Affign-mentSj to make void., releafe, or difcharge the feme.

LXI1. Provided always, and be it enafted, That it shall and may be lawful to and forbisMajefty, his Heirs and Succeflon, out of the Duties arifing by this aft, to caufe such fum and fum* of Money to be expended, and paid froth time to tftne for Salaries and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and far the receiving, collecting, levying or managing of the feme Duties, during the said term therein by this ?ft granted* any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Quakers Pa- * LXITI. Provided always andit be farther enafted by the autho-Jew* bty aforefeid. That all per forts commonly called Quakers, or recohabiting, to puted fuch, and all Paptfts or reputed Papifts, whether they are pay, but not Popifh Rectrfams, Convift, or not, and all Jews, or any other Marrfoee*1 Pe,*°BS wh° shall cohabit and live together as Man ana Wife, —j -J, — shall and are hereby made lpbkto pay the several and refpc&ve Doties and Aims of money payable upon Marriages, according to their refoeftive Degrees, Titles,. Orders and Qualifications, M they ought to have paid by virtue of this aft, if mey had been Married according to the Law of England; which Dunes and Aims of Money shall becollefted, Tevyed and paid in such man-tier, and niWeft to fadi rules and dlreftions, and under such Penalties anti forfeitures, as are In this aft fpecified and contained, for and concerning payment of the several and refpeftive duties payable Upon Marriages, anything herein contained to the contrary notwhhftandmgj and upon every pretended Marriage which shall be made by any such perfon, within the fald term of Five years, according to me Method and Forms ufed amongft them, the Man fo entring into such pretended ftate of Matrimony, shall within Five trays after, give Notice thereof to the Collectors, or one of them, of theParlfh or Race where he lives; and in default of giving such Notice, he shall forfeit the sum of Five pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Kings Majesty, the other Moiety to the Informer.

LXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be conftmed to make good or effectual in Law any fach Marriage or pretended Marriage, but that they fhafl be of the same Force and virtue, and no other, as they would have been if this act never been made.

The End of the Twenty-Third Volume.

