THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SIXTH Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Vol. XXX. Part I.

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1773.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1773.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE

Passed Anno decimo tertio

GEORGII III. Regis.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from any part of Europe or Africa, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 2. For allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 3. To prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a limited time.

Cap. 4. To continue for a further time, an act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 5. To continue for a further time, an act, made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease; and to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, hams, and cheese into this kingdom, from any part of Europe, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Cap. 7. For allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for a limited time; and for encouraging the making of starch from rice.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Cap. 9. To restrain the East India Company, for a limited time, from making any appointment of commissioners for superintending and regulating the company's affairs, at their presidencies in the East Indies.

Cap. 10. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces, while on shore.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Cap. 13. To enable certain persons therein named to continue to work a pestle mill, heretofore employed and used in making battle gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the parish of Tonbridge, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 14. To encourage the subjects of foreign states to lend money upon the security of freehold or leasehold estates, in any of his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies; and to render this securities granted to such aliens effectual for recovering payment of the money so to be lent, by sale of such freehold or leasehold estates.

Cap. 15. For paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the town and parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the county of Kent; and for lighting the other streets; and for removing all incroachments and annoyances within the said town and parishes.

Cap. 16. For taking down the Shire hall of the county of Devon, and for building a new Shire hall in a more commodious manner.

Cap. 17. For making the exemplification of the last will and testament of William earl of Blesinton, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, evidence as well in Ireland, as in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. To repeal an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 19. To amend and render more effectual an act passed In the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manor and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, so far as the same relates to the lands lying on the south side of Popham's Eau.

Cap. 20. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river, south, Plant Load and Brandon river, north, bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell brook, and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; so far as the same relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district described in the said act.

Cap. 21. To extend the provisions of an act, made In the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to explain a clause in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign protestants, which relates to the children of the natural-born subjects of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the children of such children.

Cap. 22. To Continue an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Cap. 23. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, say one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Cap. 24. For further continuing two acts, made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty* reign, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

Cap. 25. To explain two acts of parliament, one of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America; and the other of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have served, or shall serve, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers, in America.

Cap. 26. For preventing abuses in the sale of shares of British-built ships to foreigners.

Cap. 27. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the city and county of the city of Exeter.

Cap. 28. For deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious the harbours of the town of Greenock; for supplying the inhabitants with fresh and wholesome water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other publick places, within the said town.

Cap. 29. For deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of, the said harbour.

Cap. 30. For the better regulation and government of the pilots conducting ships and vessels to and out of the port of King's Lynn, and of the bridgemen conducting gangs of lighters or barges to and from the same; and for laying down moorings in the harbour of the said port, and for preventing mischiefs by fire therein.

Cap. 31. For the more effectual execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the united kingdom.

Cap. 32. For repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, and carrots.

Cap. 33. To extend the provisions of an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further preservation of roots, shrubs, and plants,) to poplar, alder, maple, larch, and hornbeam.

Cap. 34. For paving, lighting, and cleaning the streets, lanes, and places within the town of Brighthelmstone, in the county of Sussex; for removing nuisances and annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a market within the said town; for building and repairing groyns, in order to render the coast safe and commodious for ships or vessels to unload and land sea-coal, culm, and other coal, for the use of the inhabitants of the said town; and for laying a duty thereon, and for other purposes.

Cap. 35. For raising a further sum of money for the purpose of rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Essex.

Cap. 36. To amend an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying open and widening certain ways and passages within the town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for widening certain other streets and places; for establishing a nightly watch; and for regulating carts and carmen employed in the said town.

Cap. 37. For making and extending the navigation of the river Bure, (commonly called the North River), by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 38. To incorporate certain persons therein named, and their successors, with proper powers for the purpose of establishing one or more glass manufactories within the kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the parting of large plate glass.

Cap. 39. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other fen lands and low grounds in a certain place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the hamlet and village of Farcett and Standground, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 40. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands in the north level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said north level in the debts of the said corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said north level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said north level, and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; so far as the same relates to the several fen lands lying in the second district in the said act described.

Cap. 41. For enabling James Cox, jeweller, to dispose of his musaeum, commonly called Cox's Musaeum, by way of chance, in such manner as may be most for the benefit of himself and his creditors.

Cap. 42. For amending, lighting, and watching, the highways or roads within the town, village, or chapelry, of Petersham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 43. To regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 44. To allow a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; to increase the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the India Company's sales; and to impower the commissioners of the treasury to grant licences to the East India Company to export tea duty-free.

Cap. 45. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the south level, part of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old rivers or drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain level or district called Feltwell New District, and the hard lands of Woodhall in Helgey, and Helgey, in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Cap. 46. For the more effectual draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 47. To enable the right honourable Sackville earl of Thanet, to make a navigable cut or canal from a place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle, in the county of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable canal from Leeds to Liverpoole, in a close called Hebble End Close, in the township of Skipton, in the said county of York.

Cap. 48. For amending and rendering more effectual two acts, made, one in the eighth and the other in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes in the said acts mentioned.

Cap. 49. For more effectually executing an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of King George the Second, for draining and preferring the lands in the North Level, part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the fourth district of the said North Level.

Cap. 50. For better regulating the poor, and repairing the highways, within the town and county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 51. To discourage the practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious suits in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, in causes of action arising within the dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales.

Cap. 52. For appointing wardens and assay-masters for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

Cap. 53. To enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the county of Middlesex, to pay debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their workhouse, and on account of the poor of the said parish; and for their further relief.

Cap. 54. For the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

Cap. 55. To explain and amend the several laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the preservation of the moor or hill game.

Cap. 56. For the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled spirituous liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any stamp or seal used for marking silks, callicoes, linens, and stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain

Cap. 57. To explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent paper bills of credit hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

Cap. 58. For providing clergymen to officiate in gaols within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 59. For repealing so much of an act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, as inflicts capital punishment for frauds and abuses in the marking or stamping of gold or silver plate; and for inflicting another punishment for the said offence.

Cap. 60. For draining and preserving certain lands and grounds in the parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and in Tid Saint Marys, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 61. For the better lighting and watching the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all obstructions, encroachments, and nuisances therein.

Cap. 62. For better regulating the assize and making of bread.

Cap. 63. For establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

Cap. 64. For granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Cap. 65. For explaining two acts, made in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the stamp-duties upon newspapers.

Cap. 66. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

Cap. 67. For laying an additional duty on paper printed, painted, or stained, in foreign parts, imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 68. To impower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the silk manufacture within their respective jurisdictions.

Cap. 69. For further continuing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 70. To continue an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon, in the kingdom of Portugal; and for charging a higher duty upon culm exported thither in foreign shipping.

Cap. 71. For the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the gold coin of this kingdom.

Cap. 72. To permit the free importation of cod fish, ling, and hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coast of Labrador.

Cap. 73. To continue and amend an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of attain goods and merchandises; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the said island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, colonies, or plantations in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 74. For the better ascertaining the tonage and burthen of ships and vessels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coasts thereof; for amending so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the suing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted in the court of exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the duty on oak bark, granted by the said act; and for obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the drawback upon certain callicoes; and the bounty upon British-made cordage exported to the islands of Madeira, the Canary islands, and the Azores or western islands.

Cap. 75. For enabling John, Robert, James, and William Adam, to dispose of several houses and buildings in the parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and other their effects, by way of chance, in such manner as may be most for the benefit of themselves and creditors.

Cap. 76. To indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

Cap. 77. For granting to his Majesty a Certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for paying to John Harrison a further reward for his invention of a timekeeper for ascertaining the longitude at sea, and his discovery of the principles upon which the same was constructed.

Cap. 78. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes.

Cap. 79. For the more effectual preventing the forging of the notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England; and for the preventing the obtaining a false credit, by the imitation of the notes or bills of the said governor and company.

Cap. 80. To repeal an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game within that part of Great Britain called England; and for making other provisions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 81. For the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation, of the common arable fields, wastes, and commons of pasture. in this kingdom.

Cap. 82. For the better regulation of lying-in hospitals, and other places, appropriated for the charitable reception of pregnant women; and also to provide for the settlement of bastard children, born in such hospitals and places.

Cap. 83. For building a bridge across the river of Thames, from Richmond, in the county of Surrey, to the opposite shore, in the county of Middlesex, and to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the ferry at Richmond to certain persons therein mentioned.

Cap. 84. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act parliament, the general laws now in being, for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and for other purposes.

Cap. 85. For dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, and commons, or waste grounds, in the township of Gowdall, in the parish of Snaith, in the county of York, and for draining and preserving the same.

Cap. 86. For improving and completing the navigation of that branch of the river Trent which runs by the town of Newark upon Trent, from a place called The Upper Wear, in the parish of Averham, in the county of Nottingham, to a place called The Crankleys, in the parish of South Muskham, in the said county.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, in the county of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 88. To continue the term and alter the powers of an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Second, and sixth year of King George the Third, for repairing the roads from the north end of Malling-street, near the town of Lewes, and other roads, in the county of Sussex; and for amending the road from the Broil-park Gate, to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil-park Gate to the town of Battell, in the said county, so far as relates to the road from the Broil-park Gate to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid.

Cap. 90. For repairing and widening the road from Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the Guidepost on the Fass road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of parliament of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty-second year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well at the north-west end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called River Hill, in the parish of Seven Oakes in the said county.

Cap. 93. For making and continuing a navigable cut or canal from Maugan Porth, through the several parishes of Maugan, Saint Colomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, to Lower Saint Colomb Porth, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, of the tenth and twenty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the town of Basingstoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the town of Odiham, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 95. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends; and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardisley, to Almley, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said county; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Eardisley to Willersley turnpike gate, in the said parish.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and varying the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several roads leading into the town of Ross, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston toll gate, at Bridgetown, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton hill, in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said first-mentioned road.

Cap. 98. For repairing the road from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foots Cray; and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county.

Cap. 99 For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twentieth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 100. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and also the road branching out of the first-mentioned road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cherill, through Colne, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the top of Cherill Hill, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 102. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from the way-post, in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stretford, in the said county.

Cap. 103. For continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, and ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 104. To enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the eighth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton, and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal, at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the Guide post at the west end of the town of Hampton, over Sudbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 106. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two several acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and from the said town of Bromesgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the said road, leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley.

Cap. 107. For enlarging and altering the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the market-house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

Cap. 108. For repairing and widening the road from the north turnpike road near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a gate on the north side of a certain close, in the said lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the open fields of Cottesmore, in the said county of Rutland.

Cap. 109. For more effectually amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Countess Wear; and for amending several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 110. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the present turnpike road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the parish of Shelford, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 111. For building a bridge over the river Towey, near Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen; and for making the fords near the said town safe and commodious.

Cap. 112. For more effectually amending several roads leading from and near the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, and for building a bridge over the river, at a place called The Steppings, in or near the said borough.

Cap. 113. For building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and reads to and from the same; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river, at Redstone aforesaid.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of three acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Paul D'Aigremont.

2. An act for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc.

3. An act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

4. An act to enable the right honourable Robert lord viscount Clare, the right honourable Wellbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and paymaster-general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

5. An act for vesting several fee-farm and other rents, part of the settled estates of sir Charles Cocks, baronet, in trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising certain copyhold or customary lands within the manor of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, and for laying out the money arising by such sale and enfranchisement in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the same uses.

6. An act to enable the rector of Saint Martin in Birmingham to grant leases of certain parts of the glebe lands belonging to the said rectory.

7. An act for obviating doubts, touching the validity of the proceedings of the commissioners appointed by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain lands therein mentioned in that part of the manor of Tardebig, which lies in the county of Worcester.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing certain waste lands, called Hadsor Common, in the county of Worcester.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and meadow grounds, in the townships of Snaith and Cowick, in the county of York.

10. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, open arable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Armthorpe, in the west riding in the county of York.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within the parish of Cromwell, in the county of Nottingham.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pasture, and other commonable and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Brinkhill, in the county of Lincoln.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common, called Gailes Moor, in the township and manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the north riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open field, or parcel of land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the parish of Bonsall, in the county of Derby.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds in the parish of Irchester, in the county of Northampton; and also two pieces of land or ground therein described, lying within the parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington, in the said county.

16. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, arable lands, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Church Broughton, in the county of Derby.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, stinted pastures, common, and wastes, within the manor of Arkendale, in the west riding of the county of York.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and Commons, or waste lands, in the manor of Market Weighton with Shipton, in the county of York.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Upton, in the parish of Burford, in the county of Oxford.

20. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Bourton on the Water, in the county of Gloucester, and in the manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same parish.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing Courchill Common, within the manor of parish of Churchill, in the county of Worcester.

22. An act for naturalizing Isaac Morier.

23. An act for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman.

24. An act for naturalizing John Francis Curhcod.

25. An act for naturalizing Isabel Bouillon.

26. An act for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville.

---

27. An act to enable trufUes to make leases of certain estates, late of Anthdny earl of Sbdftefiury, deceased, during the minorities of his children; and for establishing and carrying into execution an agreement made between Maty counters dowager of bbaftesbury, her infant fyn, and the lord bishop of Ely, receding certain messuages and tenements situate in the parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex.

28. An act for vesting in John earl of Hopetcuuy and his heirs in fee-simple, certain lands, part of his entailed estate, in the counties of Haddington and Fife; and for settling ifi lieu thereof, other lands lying contiguous to, and imerfptrfed with the said entailed estate*

29. An act for vesting the manors of East and West Stodeleyf 2nd certain other hereditaments in the county of Dtvon, (part of the settled estates of James Bernard esquire), in trustees* to be conveyed to Matthew Britkdale esquire, and his heirs, pursuant to an agreement entered into by him for the purchase thereof 5 and for applying the purchase money in discharge of a mortgage affecting the said premises $ and for other purposes therein mentioned*

30. An act for vesting the settled estate of the reverend Samuel

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mil Hemming clerk, and Maria Ms wife, in the county of Staffing in trustees, in order chat the same may be conveyed to Gorge Adams esquire, and his heirs, pursuant to an agreement made by him for the purchase thereof*and for veiling the purchase money in other lands and hereditaments to be settled to the like uses.

31. An act for exonerating part of the real estate of Tbmat Whichcot esquire, in the county of Lincoln* from a debt of ten thousand pounds, charged thereon for the portions of the younger children of Chnjl$pher Whuheote esquire, and Jane his wife, daughter of the said Thomas Whichcote* and for subjecting and charging other lands of greater value, to the payment thereof.

32. An act to enable the vicar of Kenftngtpt, in the county ofMA&esex, to grant leases of part of the glebe lands belonging to the bid vicarage.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons, heaths, and waste grounds, within the parish of Drayton in Hales, in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing several lands and grounds in the parish of Goxbill, in the county of Lincoln.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, heath, lot, and waste ground, in the parish of East Hodden, in the county of Northampton.

36. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agree* meat, for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, using, and enjoying, several commonable and waste grounds, lying in Chatteries, in the iste of Ely* and county of Cambridge, and also for ascertaining the parts or lots belonging to each commoner, in certain fenns therein mentioned3 and for empowering the commoners to plough* and cultivate the hid fens for a certain number of years therein limitted; and for obliging occupiers of lands, in the open fields of Chatteries, to fence the same.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, meadows, ings, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the township and parish of East Keal* otherwise Eofier Kcaly in the county of Lincoln.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, heath, and waste ground, in the manor and parish of Rugby, in the county of Warwick.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing certain fields, lands, grounds, within (he township or lordship of Evtrthorpe, in the parish of North Cave, in the call riding of the county of

nr*.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-0on fields, meadows, ings, and other commonable lands and wafia grounds, within the manor of Toyntons, in the townships of Tmton all Saints, and Toynton Saint Peters, in the county of Lincoln: An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, ings, common pastures, and other commonable land?, within the manors, or manor, and township of Hemingby, in the county of Lincoln.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors or commons within the town ships of Whitt on le Wear* and North Bid-burnt* within the chapelry of Whitton It Wear* in the manor of Walftngham, in the county palatine of Durham.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the township or lordship of Wilton* in the parish of Ellerburn, in the north riding of the county of York.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, pastures, furze, and waste grounds, in the parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the county of Lincoln.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste land, within the manor of Sambourn, in the pariftt of Coughton, in the county of Warwick.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and places, within the parish of Nafford* and chapelry of Bir- lingham, in the county of Worcester.

47. An act to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, esquire, now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his heirs male, to take and use the fumame of Athorpe only, pursuant to the will of Henry Athorpe* esquire, deceased. '

48. An act for naturalizing Joseph Franel.

49. An act for vesting certain tenements and hereditaments in the counties of Oxford\ Berks, and Wits* part of the settled estates of the earl of Macclesfield, in trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and the money arising thereby to be laid out in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50. An act to enable the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Worcester, to make and establish an exchange of certain lands and premises, in the county of Worcester, for other lands and premises in the said county, belonging to Thomas Foley esquire.

51. An act to impower the wardens, preceptor, or matter of the scholars, and poor people of the alms-house or hospital of Jesus* in Gisburn in Cleveland, in the county of York* to convey a certain messuage, and divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the estate of the said alms-house or hospital, unto Charles Turner of Kirkleatkam* in the said county, esquire, and his heirs; and to enable the said wardens, preceptor, or matter, of the scholars and poor people of the alms-house or hospital of JtJus* to carry into execution an agreement with the reverend Henry Heivgill* of Hornby Grainge, in the said county of York* clerk, for the purchase of a certain messuage, or tenement, lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Biriby, in the north riding

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the said county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them and their successors, for the use, benefit, and advancement of the said charity.

52. An act for effecting an exchange of lands, between tiarks Turner, esquire, and the mailer, fellows, and scholars of Trinity College in Cambridge.

53. An act for nominating a person, in the room of Thomas Cartwright esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright widow, in directing the sale of fu<?h part or parts of the settled estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, deceased, as they shall think proper, for raising five thousand seven hundred pounds, and for other purposes.

54. An act to enable James Theobald, esquire, to carry into execution an agreement for sale of certain hereditaments, situate at White Waltham, in the county of Berks, (part of his settled estates), to the reverend William Reid; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses to which the said settled estates do now (land Unfitted.

55. An act to enable the rector of the parish church of Stock-ftrtj in the county of Chester, for the time being, to grant leafeg of put of the glebe lands belonging to the said rectory, and to exchange part of the said glebe lands, and other lands in the township of Stockport aforesaid, between fir George Warrm knight of the bath, patron of the advowson of the said reflory, and John Wotion, present rector of the parish and parish church of Stock-pert aforesaid.

56. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, pasture grounds, ings, and common or waste ground, within the township of East Cottingwith, in the call riding of the county of York.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable field?, meadow and pasture grounds, within the town and territories of Burftwick and Sheekling, in the parish of Sheckling cum Burjl-wick in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

38. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the manor, parish, township, and liberties of Houghton m Wilton, in the county of Huntingdon.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and r waste grounds, within the manor and township of Walf-trove, othertfife Falfgrave, in the parish of Scarborough, in the nonh riding of the county of York.

60. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable land, lying within the townships, liberties, and precincts of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibford Qower, and Burdrup, in the parish of Swaicliffe, in the county of Oxford.

61. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the open or common Adds, meadows, pastures, commonable places, and other lands and grounds, within the township of Whitgreave % in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Whitton, in the county of Lincoln.

63. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and commonable fields, meadows, lands, and waste grounds of, within and belonging to the manor, parish, and liberties of Preston, in the county of Rutland.

64. An act for dividing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, of Newbold upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, and Longlawford Heath 5 in the parish of Newbold aforesaid.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadow grounds, and common fens, in the parish of Haeionby, in the county of Lincoln.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, wades, and common fields, in the parishes of Pingewick, and Radcliw .1cum Chackmore, in the county of Bucks.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing certain ndoors, commons, or tracts of wade land within the parish and manor of Lanchester, in the county palatine of Durham.

68. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain common or parcel of wade land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the manor and parish of Kinver, otherwise JEwt* fare, in the county of Stafford.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open arable fields, parcels of meadow, or padure, and other grounds, within the parish of Harpham, in the parish of Agnes Burton, in the east riding of the county of York.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open field, and the commons, common of padure, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Skipton, and Kildwick, in the county of York.

71. An act to dissolve the marriage of fohn Featherjion Bower-banke, with Anne Jane Bonnet I, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

72. An act to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, (late Edward Gregge) esquire, and the heirs male of his body, and the other persons therein described', to retain, take, and ule the surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the will of Robert Hopwood deceased.

73. An act for vesting certain manors, lands, and tenements, in the Isle of Wight, part of the settled estate of fir Thomas AHU ler baronet, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Hands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

74. An act for discharging divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the estate of John Hudson late of Beffngby, in the county of York, esquire, deceased, from the uses of his marriage settlement, and for settling other lands and hereditaments to the same uses.

75. An act for vesting the moiety of the manor of Ruffels, and the moiety of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, with the appurtenances in CheJUford otherwise Gbilford, and other place? in the county of Suffolk, comprized in the settlement

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

made previous to the marriage of Mr. Charles Smithy and Eliza* bah his now wife, late Elizabeth Bishop spinster, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

76. An act to enable the governors of the free grammar school of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the town of Sed-bergh, in the county of York, to exchange certain lands and possessions of the said school, therein mentioned, with Walter Va-vafottr, of Weston, in the said county, esquire, for other lands in the parish of Sedbergh, aforesaid, of greater value, to be settled to the same uses.

77. An act for impowering the judges of the court of fefftoni in Scotland, to fell each part or parts of the estate of Barnholm in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John M'Culloihy now of Barbolm, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts affecting the same, and for settling the remainder of the said estate in tail on the same series of heirs, and in the same manner, as is mentioned in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two.

78. An act to impower the feoffees of Roan's charity in GTtenwicby to fell a messuage, and two pieces of land, part of the estate of the said charity, to the vicar of the said parish, and to apply the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be conveyed to the like uses; and to enable the said vicar to take a conveyance of the said messuage, and two piece* of land; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

79. An act for felling the settled estates of Henry Cornish Hen-J7, esquire, in Lyme Regisy Wooten Fitz pain, and Maiden Newton, in the county of Dorset, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as the said settled estates now stand limitted.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, and certain lot ground, within the several villages or townships of Beckford, Grafton % Afloton Underbil/y and Bengrove in the parish of Beckford, and county of Gloucester.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and common pastures of §beqfby, in the parish of Knap* toft, and county of Leicester.

82. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadow grounds, common fen, cow pasture, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Helpringham, in the county of Lincoln.

83. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or pastures, called Hognafon Wynn^\nd Hognaston Oldfield, within the liberty of HognaJlony in the county of Derby.

84. An act for dividing and inclosing die open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the parish of Longmarfton, in the county of Gloucester.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open b 2 and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

find common fields, meadows, commonable lands and com* tnons, within the manor, parish, and liberties of Little Stukeley, in the county of Huntingdon.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadow and pasture grounds, within the township of Preston, in Holdemejfe, in the east riding of the county of York.

87. An act for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting divers parcels of common, or waste grounds, within the townships of Groppenball and Latchford, in the county palatine of Chester.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, within the township and parish of DraXy in the west riding of the county of York.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, carrs, ings, or meadow grounds and commons or waste grounds within the township and parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the east riding of the county of York.

90. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Gordon esquire, with Jane Norris Fisher, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

91. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Green cleric, with Elizabeth Green, his now wife, and to enable him to marry a* gain: and for other purposes therein mentioned.

92. An act for making a partition and division of certain estates, in the parish of Ryton, in the county of Durham, between fir Edward Blackett baropet, and fir Walter Blackett baronet, pursuant to an agreement made between them.

93. An act for the division, allotment, and appropriation of several messuages, lands, 'and hereditaments, in the several counties of Lcictflcry Nottingham, and Lincoln, the estates of Thomas Heron esquire, whereof he is either tenant for life, under different fetrlements, or whereunto he is intitled to him and his heirs in fee Ample.

94. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Smith Child gentleman, in the county of Stafford, in trustees, to be sold, to raise money to pay off the incumbrances charged upon, and affeding the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

95. An act for sale of the settled estate of Henry Spelman clerk, in the county of Norfolk, and for other purposes therein motioned.

96. An act for sale of certain charity estates therein mentioned, and to apply the money to arise therefrom, in the building of a town-hall and shamhles in the town of Newark upon Trent; and in the purchasing of lands and hereditaments for enlarging the church-yard of the said town, and for opening the avenues thereto; and for laying out the residue of the money in purchasing other lands, to be settled to the charitable uses therein* mentioned.

97. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles of agreement, enabling the several fee farm and customary tenants, within the honour, manor, and lordship of Hornby

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and manor of Tatham, in the county palatine of Lancafttr, to purchase the timber trees and underwoods growing upon their respective tenements; and for veiling the sole property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the cullomary right of the other tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguiQi-ing the freehold, fee farm, and cullomary rents, boons, fines, and other services of right due and accustomed for the tenements of such of the said tenants who have executed the said anicles of agreement, and of such who shall within the time limited by this act come in and purchase their timber, trees, woods, and underwoods, rents, boons, fines, and franchise-meats, with such exceptions and reservations only as are in this a# mentioned.

98. An act to impower the reverend Ptolemy Humfrey clerk, and the reverend John Jepbcot clerk, and Catbarina Dorothea his wife; and to exchange a messuage and certain closes in Thorpe Mandeville, in the county of Northampton, part of the glebe of the rectory of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a messuage, two small cottages, and several closes and lands in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, part of the estate of Richard Jennings of Weston9 in the county of Northampton esquire; and for the setting out, assigning, and appointing other closes, lands or grounds of the said Richard Jennings in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of tithes, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

99. An act for dividing and inclosing several tracts, or parcels of common and wade ground called and known by the respective names of Temple Sowerby Moon the Down Moor, the Whinnes, and Par fori 1 Close, within the parish of Kirkby Thore9 in the county of Westmoreland.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain parcel of common, or wade land, called Galey Common, lying within the manor or lord ship of Galey, in the county of Stafford.

101. An act for dividing and inclonng the common and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Culgaitbe9 in the county of Cumberland.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the manor and parish of Stanton Harcourt9 in the county of Oxford.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and wade lands within the manor of TryfuL, and Seifdon9 in the pa-nih of Tryfuly in the county of Stafford.

104. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, ings, moors, common pastures, and other commonable lands within the manors of Haltham cum JbugbtMy in the townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the county of Lincoln.

105. And act for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste lands, in the several parishes of Round Aston

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Morvil, Barrow, Much Wenlock, and AJUej Abbots, in the county of &*/#«

106. An act for dividing and inclosing the several parcels of fen, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Swinef-bead, in the county of Lincoln; and also, a certain plot of land, called Wigtoft Marsh, in and near to the hid parish of Swineflxad.

107. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Hoffeington, in the county of Lincoln.

108. An act to dissolve the marriage of Philip Cade esquire, Vrith Catharine Whitworth, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

109. An act for naturalizing William Viliers, an infant.

110. An act for vesting part of the ettates ftriltly entailed by the wilhof the most noble Charles Noel late duke of Beaufort in trustees to be sold, and for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Monmouth, to be settled to the same uses.

in. An act for discharging the manor of Greenfield, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Lincoln, part of the estate of Richard earl of Scarborough, from the uses, ettates, and trusts, declared concerning the same, by the settlement executed previous to his marriage with Barbara counters of Scarborough his wife; and for settling other lands, and hereditaments of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

112. An act for vesting divers freehold and leasehold efiates, and certain goods and chattels, late of fir Edward Turner, baronet, deceased, in fir Gregory Turner baronet, his eldest son, as a compensation for, and in satisfaction of his claims on his laid late father's estate and effects.

113. An act for vesting part of the settled ettates of CharUs Bother Adderley esquire, in the parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the county of Stafford, in trustees, to be sold, for payment o( the incumbrances affelting the same; and for laying oui the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of othei lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

---

114. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Hook-norton and Southtop, in the county of Oxford.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and lands, common heath and waste grounds, within the township of West Willoughby, in the manor of Sudbrooke, and parish of Ancaster, in the county of Lincoln.

116. An act for naturalizing Jacques, otherwise James Louis, an infant, under the age of eighteen years.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III., Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hiberniae, decimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1768. in the eighth year of the reign of our reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty-sixth day of November, 1772; being the sixth session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from any part of Europe or Africa, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of wheat, wheat-four, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from any part of Europe or Africa, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this kingdom:

---

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent At anJr tim< majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords ^', of CwheaV spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- whear-flour, ' ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it Rye, &c. may shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what« b" imported foevtr to import into Great Britain, in any ship or vessel what-(bever, at any time or times before the first day of, duiy-free'i

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2. [1773.

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, any wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse from any part of Europe or Africa, without the payment of and maybe any subsidy, custom, duty, or impofltion whatsoever; and may carried coast^ alia be carried coastwise, under such regulations as wheat, f^mer reau- wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley* barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, lanona/ pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; any thing in any former or other adfc or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Entry to be

IL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-nude in such thority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made, in such man-form as was ner anj form as ^crc used or practised before the making of pradtifeS, be- fbis a<^> all* wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, bar-fore the mak* ley-meal, oats, oat'-meal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and ing of this all other forts of pulse, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported or otherwise such brought in; or otherwise, in default of making such entry, wheat, &e. such wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other tie* formerly" fort* pulse, stall be liable and subject to such and the same payabieon the duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the importation making of this act; any thing ia this act contained to the con- the Kof. trary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act for allowing the importation of wheats wheat flour* Indian com* Indian meal* biscuit* pease* beans* taresl callivancies* and all other forts of pulse* from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom* for a limited time* free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of wheat, wheat flour, In- dian corn* Indian meal* biscuit* pease, beans* tares* callivancies* and all other forts of pulse, from his Majesty's colonies in America, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to import into Great Britain* in any ship or vessel navigated according to law, at any time or % «Lb- t*mcs> ^rom anc* a^ter brft day December, one thousand

jeds, from - seven hundred and seventy-two, and before the first day of

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3.

January, iOixt thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, any wheat Dec. t, 1771* or wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, pease, beans, and befo»e tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, without the payment of any sub- wheat^whUt-fidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever j any thing in any flour, &c. former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof from Ame-in anywise notwithstanding. ca» du*y

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Dueentry to thority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made in such man- be made ner and form as were used or practised before the making of formerly; this act, of all wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom by virtue of this act, before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at the Custom House belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default of making such entry, otherwise such such wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, wheat, &c-pease, beans, tares* callivancies, and all other forts of pulse, |ca t^tlle du-Shall be liable and subject to such and the same duties, as were [ie» formerly* payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this payable on aft; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwith- importation 1 (landing: and such wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse, may be carried coastwise, under such regulations as wheat, wheat-nour, and pulse, of the growth of this king- and such dom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times wheat, 6cc, before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four., formerly.

CAP. III.

An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extrabiion of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any fors

of corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, brear* biscuit, and starch, out of the kingdoms of Great Britain, or Ireland, Jbonli be prohibited for a limited time: may it therefor* pkaje your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted Afttr by the King s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice this $, all smd content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, fomofeorn, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of 8rai"» the same. That from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, Britain or transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, Ireland, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said^king* or loaded in doms of Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or any ship, tec. ttufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or tvanfpor-other veffd, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of forfeited*

b 2 the

*nd offenders to forfeit »o*. for every bushel of corn, grain, See. and i»d. for every lb. wt. of bread, &c. and also the ship. boat, See. and all her guns, tackle,

Offences committed in England may be tecovered in anyothisMa-jetty's courts of record at Wtltminster, See,

and, in Scotland, before the courts of session or exchequer $ and forfeitures incurred in Ireland, are recoverable in the courts of record in Dublin.

The master and mariners knowingly aiding such offence, to be imprisoned for 3 months.

In case any person on board, (except the master) tball discover an offence to the commission-trs, See. of the customs, within 5 months after the offence;

he shall be intituled to one third of the money iccov-ered by means thereof, after de-ditfbng charge* j

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1773.

the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any sort of corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or starch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say, That all the said commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported> shipped, or carried out contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every buftiel of com, grain, pease, beans, malt, meal, or flour, and twelvepence for every pound weight of bread, biscuit, or starch, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on board to be exported; and also the ship, boat, or vessel, upon which any of the said commodities shall be export* ed, shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited 5 and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same: and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, such penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices of assize, or at the great sessions in Wale$9 or by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed: and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action, or summary bill, or information, in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland: and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dt^blin^ or at the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence shall be committed: and that the master and mariners of any such ship, boar, or vessel, wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, and being thereof duly convicted, in any such courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any mariner or other person on board any ship or vessel (other than and except the master or person having the charge or command thereof) wherein any corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or starch, shall be exported, contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, shall discover any such offence to the commi (Turners, or any officer of his Majesty's customs, within the space of live months after such offence shall be committed, such mariner, or other person (except as aforesaid) making such discovery, shall, as an encouragement, have, and be intitled to receive, one third part of the net money which shall be recovered and paid by means of such discovery, after <fodu#ipg, from the money recovered,

the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. 5

the charges of prosecuting for and recovering the same 5 and

one other diird part thereof shall be to the use of his Majesty,

his, dfriri successors; and the other third part, to such and the other

officer or^S^efsr Jtiirs Majesty's customs, as shall sue and pro* to the prose-

fecute for the fan cutor.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers of the That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- cuaito*, e&c' fens, being an officer or officers of the customs, or being law*- ^nmodities fully authorised in this behalf, by the lord high treasurer of not allowed to Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the be exported, time being, or any three or more of them, to take and seize all, aid boar|j such of the said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this fn^ntw be alt, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover to be exported, laid on board any ship or other vessel, or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this act 5 and also the and bring the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be found 5 and to bring the said goods to the king's warehouse or warehouses, houiV&cV. belonging to the custom-house next to the place where such*seizures shall be made, or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and, in case of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.; ^ot to.

IV. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein much°of the° contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such raid commo-or so much of the said commodities as shall be necessary to berries as shall carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in their. j* nec^ar7 respective voyages, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the Jhcir % fpcc? commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in then*

same ships or vessels only, or for the victualling or providing or fer'vic-# any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in tuxliing (hipa his Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or an^of hit garrisons; any thing herein contained to the contrary nojt- Majesty's gar-withstanding. rifbni,

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- or carrying

tained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to anT

ship, or put on board, any of the coimnodities aforesaid, to be commodities carried coast wife; that is to say, from any port, creek, or mem-un(ier coast*berof the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other cocquets, report, creek, or member* of the same respectively, having such cunty being

or the like coast coequet, or fuflferance, for that purpose; and &lvcn* such or the like sufficienr security being first given for the landing and discharging the fume, in some other port, member, or creek, of the said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months, as is required by law, in cases where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

VI. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-This act net tained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which j?nc*an f°of shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from

6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1773.

i»odites Keing Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britan, or Gre« Brira m from Great

or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto^rclamS jkc.to any of his Majesty's islands or colonics in America^ that have or from Great usually been supplied with any of the said commodities from Britain or Ire- Great Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants tTa? X^c !^an<*s> colonies, or dominions, or for the benefit

r lar* c# of the British fishery in those parts only, so as the exporter do, the exporter before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the ifliwTfX*i^an<^9 colony, or dominion, islands, colonies, or dominions, which they for which the said commodities are ^espectively designed; and are designed, do become bound, with other sufficient security, in treble and being the value thereof, to the of, or chief officer or of-b°h?d h ficers> of his Majesty's customs, belonging to the port or place lue thaHuch where the same shall be shipped or put on board, (who hath or corn, Sec. shall have hereby power to take such security, in his Majesty's name, rot be landed and to his Majesty's use), that such commodities shall not be or f°W at act, landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the king-other puce, doms, dominions, islands, or colonies, for which the same Certificate* to^declared > ar*d that a certificate under the hand and be given by seal of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the collector*, See, Customs; or, if no such, of the naval officer, or some other without lee. principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of such security, and for giving such certificates, (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby, on demand, required to give) no fee or reward Officers male- be demanded or received: and if any officer shall make ing false cer" any false certificate of any such commodities being so landed, tincates, to such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and forfeit 1001« lose his employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, Any person his Heirs or successors, in any office relating to the customs: and ^ertfficate^o^anV Person counterfeit, rafe, or falsity any such certificate, forfeitool. °or khowingly publish any such counterfeit, rated, or false cer-and the certi- rificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and ficate 10 be such certificate shall be void and of no effect: which said penal* void. tjes for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland shall be

Offence* in Great Britain may be recovered as be-lore directed;

in the colonies in America, ancidominions in Europe, before the court of admiralty. See.

Nothing here-ifi to prohibit

recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies and plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain^ in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plantations, or dominions; and shall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts,

castle$, v

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. 7

castles, and factories, in Afrita; or for the use of the ships the exportatrading upon that coast, -that usually have been supplied with t»n of beam the lame from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like security Africa be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to or the ship*be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the trading on British colonies in America. thlt colft»

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- nor to prohibit

tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of Englandtbe India trading to the East Indies from exporting any of the said com- «, mP»"yffon* modifies to any of their forts, factories, or settlements, for the £ct

fopport of the persons redding the re, so as the like security be with corn) given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be grain, tec. for given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the 'i1' support of

British colonies in America.

IX. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any wheat flour, malt, barley,

bread, biscuit, or pease, to be transported out of or from the only may sup. port of Southampton only unto the islands of Jersey, and ply the Maud*

Alderney, or any of them, for the only use of the inhabitants of those islands, so as the exporter, before the lading of such com- barleyTjw* modifies, or laying the dime on board, do become bound, with not other sufficient security, in treble the value thereof, which the joooo quarter* coftomer or comptroller of the same port hath hereby power to the exporter take, in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and for bound*i*?tre^ which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken, that ble the value such commodities shall be landed in the raid islands of jersey, that the com-Gternfey, and Alderney, or one of them, (the danger of the kfjj.

ftas only excepted), for the use of the inhabitants there, an4r foW anmy shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and other port; 1.to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as an(j to return are herein required on the exportation of the said commodities the certificates to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that landing the purpose herein mentioned; and so as the quantity of wheat flour, malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at any exporters of time or times, during the continuance of this act, shall be corn, grain, shipped at the said port for the said islands, or either of them, ta. to the co-» aforesaid, do not exceed, in the whole, five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to any wheat, xhs ports of barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transported out of or from Whitehaven the ports of Whitehaven or Liverptole only into the Isle ofnd Liver-for the only use of the inhabitants of that island, so as the ex- P00'? porter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or of % an flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound, with wheat, barley, other sufficient security, in treble the value thereof, which theta, under the customer or comptroller of either of the said ports respectively fOI!efa*<1 re*M* hath hereby power to take, in his Majesty's name, and to his exceeding

his Majesty's use, for which security no fee or reward shall be, ^oo quartos* given or taken, that such wheat, barley, oats, tneal, or flour,

shall be lyndsd in the said Isle oj Man, (the danger of the Teas

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.j.

[1773.

only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in, any other parts whatsoever; and tore-turn the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by this act required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein mentioned, and so as the whole quantity of wheat, " barley, oats, meal, and flour, which at any time or times, during the continuance of this act, shall be shipped at both the said ports for the said IJlt of Many shall not exceed in the whole 1 we thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Liverpoole; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. -tlfa'htoA-

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall frfea^may extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading t o Africa transport any from exporting, during the continuance of this act, any quan-qmntity of tity of wheaMiour, not exceeding two hundred quarters, or ml1* 0^? a any quantily of bread or biscuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in J©o quarters, the whole of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and bif-mnd not ox-cuit together, to the British forts, castles, and factories in ceeding 15 Africa, for the support of the persons residing the re, so as the wd§bVfash Purity be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein re-

to the British quired to be given by persons carrying the said commodities to forts there, the British colonies in America. under the like security as for the colonies in America.

Commission-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ers of the cu- That the commissioners of the customs for the time being insTfuU and ih*y are hereby required to give a full and true account toV1*- coun*», n writing, to both houses of parliament, at the begin-liament, at ning of the next session thereof, of all corn, grain, pease, beans, tite beginning meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuir, and fiarch, that shall, be-of ^cre ^hat time, be exported to any place whatsoever, by virtue

grain, ^or pursuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given pprtecl to or granted for that purpose. any phice^ by virtue of the liberties of this act.

When cey-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tificaffisiof That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said landing and commodities to be exported^ other than coastwise, shall be re-ar.yonliMaid turne^ within the re(pc<Sive times following; (that is to say) commodities where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commo-ihaH here- dities, to be exported from Great Britain, or Ireland, to any of turned. " the said colonies or plantations in America, wirhin eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to - Gibraltar ox Minorca^ within twelve calendar months after the date of such bpnds; and where to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Man* within fixcalendar months after the date of such bonds; and where, from Great Britain to Ireland, or.c from Jre!ar?tfto Great Britain^ wirhin six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

Nb bounty tb*'

XIV. Provided always, and I be if enabled by the authority be gum on 'afor^idj that no com, wain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. 9

bread, biscuit, or torch, which shall be exported by virtue of exportation his ad, shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks b7 viriuc °* which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of such this* rommodities, or any of them.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Not to prohi-hetein contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of bit the expor-rice oot^of this kingdom. tation of rice.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low wines Afierthe paf-tr spirits from wheat, or wheat-four, Should he prohibited for a ung ntreof, further time; be it therefore further enacted by the authority a- no low wine* foresaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no low or fp, rjt» Oiall wines or spirits whatsoever shall be made, extracted, or distil-r rom led, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour; and wheat flour, if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or any other or any mate-person or persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or distill, or n?lhm, 5cdt cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any low^w ca*wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or from any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, in any worrs or wash, in order for the making, extriacting, or distilling low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid in any tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat or wheat flour, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, for the purpose of preparing any worts or wash, or for making, extracting, or distilling low wines or spirits, whether such tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons adding contrary to the dircc- to

nons of this act, or the person or persons in whose custody or^contrary? possession any such tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, still, or other be shall forfeit % efiel or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the in- and payool. tention of this act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; for-

and all such wheat or wheat flour, and such worts andwash, feited. low wines and spirits, and all such grain, or other material with wheat or with wheat flour, or the value thereof, shall be also forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, wheat or That if any wheat or wheat flour, or grain, or other material wheat flour, mixed with wheat or with wheat flour, shall be found in any &c. found in workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other^ich Lplace wherein low wines or spirits, or worts, or waft), shall be w*in^s |iudc, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any low wines be made, &c. or spirits, or worts, or walh, shall have been made, extracted, since °6t. 1, distilled, or prepared, since the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all such wheat and wheat-ror C11*lour, and all such gtain 9r other material ini*ed with wheat

or to

and the per-

Persons authorised by the commissioners, or justices of peace, may enter any workhou c % t Sec. where

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1773.

or with wheat flour, shall be forfeited j and the person or persons occupy- fons in whose possession such workhouse, ftiUhouse, storehouse, ing such still- Warehouse, or place, shall be, shall, for every offence respectforfrit idol lively, also forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, who shall be authorised for that purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times, with any officer of excise, to enter into any workhouse, (tillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or low wines. See. any other place wherein any low wines or spirits, or worts or

re suspected wa(h> shall be, or are fofpcfted to be made, extracted, distil-

to be made,

lince Oct. i lctU or prepared, or wherein low wines or spints, or worts or 177s, 'wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared,

since the^Ard day of OBohtry one thousand seven hundred and infpfft all and seventy-two, and shall have free admittance into the same, the materials. and may inspect all the materials, vessels, and utensils therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the buCness which is carrying on; and in case any officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat, or wheat flour, or any grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-, flour, is contained in any bag, faek, or other package, or is

with^ny other m*xc<*n any wort$ or wash, 6r in any other preparation for material, a making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, it shall (ample may and may be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during be taken* pay- the continuance of this act, upon payment of two shillings and ing »*. 6d. to take a sample, not exceeding two quarts of any such wheal or wheat flour, or of any such grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, or of any such worts or wash, or preparation, which shall be found in any such |f any distib house or other place aforesaid; and in case any distiller or )er, &c. refuse maker of low wines or spirits, or the owner or occupier of he feaU forfeitan^ koufe orplacc» or any workman or servant to any such 1001. distiller, owner, or occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit

such person or persons as shall be so authorised, or any officer of excise, into any such house or place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample after the said sum of two shillings and sixpence shall be paid, or tendered for the same; such distiller, owner, or occupier shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay Person 1 la*, the sum of one hundred pounds: and it shall be lawful for fully autho- any such officer of excise, or other person or persons authorised rifed by the as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of the excise, or any justice or and af- justices respectively, as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry a-ry away all way, all such wheat and wheat flour, and all such grain or such wheat, other material mixed with wheat or with wheat flour, as shall &c* be found in any such house or ot^er place, together with all the

On suspicion of wheat or wheat flour

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. 1 c

lacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if any <^1. That if any distiller or maker of Jow wines or spirits for sale or ler have more exportation shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their wheat than custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons in trust, or for the yfe or benefit of such distiller an(j a\\ tj, c or maker of low wines or spirits, more than five quarters of overphit. wheat or wheat flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, low wines or spirits; every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits /

shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat and wheat flour exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, and also the sum of five pounds for every quarter so forfeited.

XX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to in- This act not

lift the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any di* to extend to stiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the actualdlstil, crf grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such o^v^eatT* wheat grown by him or her in the straw, or after the same 13 provided foci* threshed out or Separated from the straw, provided such wheat wheat be not dull not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of in their pof-iny other person or persons in trust for him or her, for a greater abo* (pace of time than twenty days after the same shall be threlhed J^ot kept in a or lepaiated from the draw, and so as such wheat be not kept in place for di-iny place used for making, extracting, or distilling low wines or (tilling low spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or walh. wine*.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Not to extend rity aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to inflict the lad- to a distiller mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of who, s a md* low wines or spirits, who practises the trade of a miller, by jj^of'what grinding corn for hire, or who fells corn, flour, meal, or bran, may be foumf at other persons following the trade of a miller usually do, and in his mill, who was possessfed of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, in the course of his trade as a miller, on Or before the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour which shall, during the continuance of this act, be (oond in any such mill or mills; any thing in this act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officer* of ex-That in case any officer or officers of excise, or any other per- c, j*e suspecting son or persons, shall, at any time or times, have cause to fuf- b^fiveqaarl pest that any wheat or wheat flour, or any grain or other ma- tcr810 be laid trial mixed with wheat or with wheat flour, in any quantity up in any exceeding the Quantity of five quarters, shall be laid or kept in storehoum beany such storehouse, warehouse, granary, or other place or diiSSlc? to*places as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low9wines or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this justices may aft, then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such

officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the of 9

12

and to seize and carry a-way all the wheat and wheat-floor, above five quarter*, and the sacks, &c.

and forfeit 5l. for every quarter, over the said quantity.

Distiller* who have gram or other material mixed with wheat &c shall for'eit 501.

Officers refused admittance to store-houses, &c. may break open the doots.

How and where penalties: i.3 he recovered.

Court? trsv in the

penalties if U»ry tcecayie,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [1773.

missioners of excise for the time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace redding near the place where such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corn missioners, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special warrant tinder his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and impower such officer or officer?, or other person or perform aa-thorised as aforesaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, granary, or other plade or places where he or they shall suspeA that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat or with wheat flour m any quantity, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour over and above the said quantity of five quarters, and all such grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, as he or they shall so find together, with all the sacks, ba^s, or other things, wherein the same shall respectively be contained f and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, be- longing to such distiller, shall be found, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the said penalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding the said quantity of five quarters; and such d stiller or maker of low wines, or spirits;, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat flour, belonging to such distiller shall be found, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; and the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is and are hereby impowered, by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their aiMance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be net opened on demand.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and for the recovery and application whereof no other provision is here I in-before made, shall be sued for, and recovered by action cf debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Westminster or in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XXIV. And that the respective courts before whom the fam; (ha!) he recovered may and are hereby authorised, (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all qr any of the pecuniary penalties here-

in

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. ci.3. 13

ia-before inflicted to any sum not lcfs than one fourth part of to one fourth the sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of of the sum ill such penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to mentioned, tk use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, or give information of, or discover the offence.

XXV. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions, or in- Limitation of ornutions, for offences committed against this act, shall bedion$. lommenced and made within the space of iix calendar months

ifos the fad is committed, and not otherways; any thing icrcin contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p€rf.Qn8

rbat if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- gajntt wn^m

00 or persons, for any tiling done in pursuance of this act, actions shall neb action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four he commenc-ikndar months next after the offence shall be committed: and

fany such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in inue? bt part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or de-eadaots in any such action or suit may plead the general issue,

Bi give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any jjal ro be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pur-Mnce, and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear fto have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or jfendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or disconti-pe his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have ap-rared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or delayer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall Defendant M may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the pw, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases ^ndant \n flaw: and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted scot.and may

1 that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before plead this act, from such action or suit shall be brought shall allow the de-and if judge-jpder to plead this act on his defence; and if the pursuer shall ment be given Ptinfifton his action, or if judgement shall be given against

eh pursuer, the defendant shall and may recover the full and maVrecorer a) expences he may have been put to by any such action or his expences, at. &c.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- This act to

id, That thiw ad shall continue until the first day of January, continue tilt x thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. Jan. i, 1774.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation provi; 0.

Hf be abridged or shortened, and this act, or any part there-

[ may be altered and varied by any other act or acts to be &dc in this present session of parliament.

i4 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4, 5. [1773.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue for a further time, an act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the fifth year of his prese* Act 5 Geo. III. Majesty's reign, intituled An act for importation of fall

ed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limits Act i Geo. III. time: And whereas an act was made in the eighth year

sent Majesty's reign, to continu first-mentim

ad, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, port, bacon, da butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time and Acts o, w', treas b f°'ur as-> in the'ninth, tenth, eleventh, m

*0, a?. &»twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, the said last-mu Geo. III. tioned oti was \ continued until the first day of March, one tbotifim

seven hundred and seventy-three: And whereas it is expedient the importation of the said goods and commodities Qmld be allotes for a longer time 5 May it therefore please your Majesty, that may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excd lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Ion spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlir merit assembled, and by the authority of the same, That d said act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reigi intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth yd of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for impo tation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireks for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of fain beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions I further coo- America, for a limited time, shall continue and be in full fori ttnued till and effect, until the first day of March, one thousand few March ., .774. hundred and seventy-four.

[Preamble.]

Ad 7 Geo. III.

CAP. V.

An act to continue for a further time, an act, made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease; and to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, hams, and cheese into this kingdom, from any part of Europe, for a limited time, free of duty.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the seventh year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to d continue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the i| portation of tallow, bogs-lard, and grease; and whereas an I 3

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6, 7. 15

was made in tie tenth year of his present Majestf\ reign* to continue Actio Geo. III. the find ait until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- three: And whereas the allowing the importation of tallow, hois-lardy and greaje* for a further time, may be of treat advantage: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it nay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords ^'ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the further con-laid act of the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, and until all and every the clauses, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, al- 15' kwances, matters, and things therein contained, shall be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-4x, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if she lame were inserted and re-enacted in the body of this prefer aft.

D. And whereas the free importation of salted beef porky bacon* inns, end cheese* from any part of Europe, for a limited time, key be of great advantage*be it enacted, That, from and after After the pafl\ fe passing of this act, the importation of salted beef, pork, ing hereof, boon, hams, and cheese, from any part of Europe into Great fa, t?d beef, Britain* be admitted free of duty, until the first day of Janua-

ky, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and that all ceefe, from Ibe clauses, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, allowances, mat- any part of Sen, and things, contained in the said act of the seventh year ?ur, pe-if his present Majesty's reign, shall extend, and be construed duty free till to extend, to the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, January 1, ksms, and cheese. 1774.

CAP. VI.

An act for continuing and granting to bit Majesty certain duties upon malt, mam, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. VII.

An act for allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom* from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for a limited time \ and for encouraging the making of fiarch from rice.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the allowing the free importation of rice, from

any of his Majesty's colonies in America into Great Britain

fir a limited time* is* and will be, of great advantage, and may be

means of encouraging the making of fiarch from rice: may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it

crafted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the After the pad.

authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this ing hereof,

16, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to im- f*cc m port into Great Britain* from any of-his Majesty's colonies in

America* America.

All such rice being afterwards exported, to pay to his Ma|dty, &c. a subsidy of 6d. in the

16 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. t. 8* <J; [177$.

at anytime America, at any time or times before the first day of fifty) one ^8°r w^hout* t^ou^an^even hundred and eighty, any rice, without rbe pay-pay?nentofU ment °* any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; duty. any thing in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for and upon all rice which shall oe imported into this kingdom duty-free, by virtue of this act, and which shall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and answered to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a subsidy of poundage of fix-

pence in the pound, according to the value or rate set upon Car U. r*ce »mPortccUn the book of rates referred to by the act of the*twelfth year of king Charles the second; which said subsidy of sixpence in the pound, upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy or poundage for any goods or merchandise exported from Great Britain, may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fevera) clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties, granted by this act upon rice exported, shall (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

After the pafT-

IV. And whereas William Prince is Milied, under certain hting hereof, ail tgrs pQi(nt^ grQnted to him some time in the year one thousand Jrotn makTlfarc^of hundred and sixty-eighty to the fok and exclusive right of n: ek: q rice, William Jlarch from rice for the term of fourteen yearly commencing frm Prince's let- the date thereof j and the said William Prince hath con/tntcdts ifot^thnand w?lvt benefit, under the said letters patent, for the generald-

In*' 1*vantage of the Jlarch manufactory; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after pafljngof this ac> % it! shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever to make (larch of rice, the said letters patent, or other matter or thine to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. IX.

The duties to be paid into the receipt of exchequer.

An act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited time, from making any appointment of commissioners for superintending and regulating the company's affairs, at their presidencies in the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East-IndiCs vt named commissioners. It it appointed with extraordinary fer

0?3-l Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. io, 11, 12. 17

ihgtbt company's affairs at their presidemies in the East Indies: jjnd whereas, in the present fttuat'ton of the said company, and while their affairs are actually, at this timey under the immediate moderation of parliament, it is highly inexpedient that any great end important alteration Should be made, and that at a very great expence, In the method of conducing and managing the business and ijfairs of the said company in India: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the space of six calendar months, to be computed from the seventh dav of December, one thousand seven Affcr DfC hundred and seventy-two, it mall not be lawful for the united jndiacom^a-company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, nynottogrant or for any person or persons on their behalf, to make any ap- commission pointment of dommissioners, or for superiotending and regulat- for superin* ing the business and affairs of the said company in India, or to b^Tfineif make any dommission or grant whatsoever, whereby any ex-1^ traorefmary and urtusual powers may be vested in any person or persons, for the purpose of managing the business and affairs iforefcid; but that, if any such appointment, commission, or grant, shall be made within the time aforesaid, the same shall be absolutely null and void, unless by some adb of parliament, unless some to be made in this present session, permission shall be given to^a^pur-the said company to make such appointment, commission, or p0fe# p grant, within the time aforesaid; in which case, from and immediately after the expiration of the time which shall be limited by such act, it shall be lawful for the said company to proceed in such manner, with relation to the Appointment of their officers, agents, and servants, in all respects, as they might have done if this act had never passed.

---

CAP. X

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. XI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces, while on shore.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS divers persons, who, on account of their offices. y pieces, employments, or prosessions, or any other cause or oc-Cugbt to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the a (fur-emt, respectively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed.

A

*8

Persons whe have omitted to rake the Oaths appointed by Act. i. Geo. i.

Act 13 Car. s.

Act 15 Car.*.

30 Car* a.

9 Geo. i*

Geo a.

28 Geo.

and aft 6. Geo. 3-

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. ii- [1773.

ed, in and by an act* made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the first, of*fogious memory, {intituled An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fe-cret abettors;,) or to have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of king Charles the semi, (intituled An act for the well-governing and regulating corporations;,) or to have qualified themselves according to another all, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of king Charles the second, (intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the Lord's-Supper according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribine the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;,) or according to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of king Charles the second (inti* ttiled*, An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament;,) or according to another act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the first, (intituled An act for granting the people called quaiers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;,) or according to another ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, (intituled An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter-feffi-ons; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiarion; and for allowing a further time for inroiment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lefties ;,) or according to another at1, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, (intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in tht fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices of thtpeace;,) or according to another act, made in the fixthycar of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituld. An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the afiiirance; and for amending so much of an act, mad? in the seventh year of her late Majesty queen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, required the delivery of certain lifts and copies there.n mentioned to persons in (lifted of high treason, or inifprifion of treason,) have, through ignorance of the low, ob-fem e, or same unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe tht jatd oaths and qjfurance, and make and subscribe the declaration required by lu\u, or otherwise to qualify themselves, as oforefiil,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 12. 19

within fitch time, and in fiuch manner, in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby, they have incurred, may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majestys subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might ethmvife happen by means of such omissions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in N

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons who, at or before qualifying be-the passing of this act, hath or shall have Omitted to take and tore the passing fabscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the fa-^crament of the Lord's supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made is required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing on account of which such qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the-passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said* oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the osage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twen- or ^eforc jyeC0 ty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fe- 15f, 773> venty-three, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, decla- rations, and assurance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the hid oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the first, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of*

Enfiond, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said

fta-tote made in the thirtieth year of king Charles the second, in

sech cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been

made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed

by the said act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such

manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are hereby jn(jcinn^e(i

indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all pc-against for-

C a naities, tenures.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 12. [1773.

nalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous to the passing of this act, or taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacramenr9 or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any act or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same state and condition, as he, she, or they were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified hitn, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them: and that all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity, as the same or any of them would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's (upper* and made and subscribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Not to extend

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con-to feftorePer-tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore oVc avoided or mtlt*e any person or persons to any office or employment, by judgment, henefice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by judgment of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other person 5 but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this act, be legally intitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

Person who HI. And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to shall cause af be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper offir/, of the a dual fidavirg to be execution of several contrails in writing entered into by them to serve os clerks to attornies or solicitors, within the time in which the same Michaelmas CUgfo to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who, at the passing of this act, shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid Vo be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, shall cause one or mere affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 13. 21

to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penal- are indemni, ties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act a"d d, f-or a<Ss of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, ^c*ic||roiD for or by reason of such neglect or omission; and every such^affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

CAP. XIII.

An act to enable certain persons therein named to continue to work a pestle-mill, heretofore employed and used in making battle gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the parish of Tonbndge, in the county of Kent.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled', An act to regulate the Act i» Geo. j. making, keeping, and carriage, of gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the laws heretofore made for any of those purposes,) it was enacted, That no persons or ferftms whatsoever Jbmld for the making of gunpowder, employ, work, or use, any mill or engine, worked with a pestle or pejlles, and commonly called a Pcftle-mill; with -an exception, that nothing in that act shouldex-find, or be construed to extend, to the powder mills at that time erected in the parishes of Battle, Crowhurst, Seddlefcomb, and Brede, in the county of Sussex, so far as the same related to the making such fine fowling gunpowder only as is known and distin-(uished by the name of Battle-Powder: And whereas Thomas Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the county of Kent, esquire, Thomas Swayne, of the same place, gentleman, and William Moon of Tonbridge Wells, in the said county, carpenter, were, before the faffing of the said act, possessed of a certain gunpowder mill, situate at Old Forge Farm, in the parish ^Tonbridge aforesaid, which was Mill at Old then and always had been worked with pejlles, and used and em- Forge Farm.ui ployed in making such fine fowling gunpowder, and noother: may !£e of it therefore please your Majesty, That it majr be enacted, and c^inaed° be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with working, the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing in the said act contained, so far as the same relates to the use of pestles, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the said mill so situate at Old Forge Farm as aforesaid; but that they the said Thomas Hooker, The m\ Swayne and William Moon, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall and may continue to work such mill with pestles, so long only as the said mill shall be used and employed foe the sole purpose of making such fine fowling gun- c 3 powder

22 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14. [1773.

powder only, as is known and distinguished by the name

Battle Gunpowder.

Act not to ex-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-tend to any rjty aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, other mill. or construe<j to extend, to any other gunpowder mill that

may or shall have been erected or built since the passing of the said act, or that shall or may hereafter be erected or built, but to such mill only so built and used at Old Forge Farm aforesaid, before the passing of the said act.

An act to encourage the subjects of foreign states to lend money upon the security of freehold or leasehold estates, in any of his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies; and to render the securities granted to such aliens effectual for recovering payment of the money so to be lent> by sale of such freehold or leasehold estates.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the cultivation and improvement of estates in his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies, and the ereB'tng of sugar works and other necessary buildings thereon, are attended

with great expence; and the proprietors of such estates are often obliged to borrow large sums of money for these purposes, upon the credit of such estates: and whereas it has been found difficult to procure sufficient loans from the subjects of this kingdom, and it would fend greatly to the improvement of such estates, and to the publick benefit, if money could be borrowed at a reasonaple rate of interest y from the subjects of foreign statesy for the purposes aforesaid; but doubts have arifeny whether, as the law now stands, any security, in the nature of a mortgage granted to a foreigner, or alieny or to any person in trust for him, can be made effectual aga'tnft such estatesy for recovering the money lent thereon: and whereas no foreigner or alien9as the law now standsy can bring or prosecute any fuity for the recovery of money, in any court of law or equity within his Majesty's dominions, at a time when the Jlatey of which such alien is a natural-born subject is at war with this kingdom: in order to remove such doubts, and to encourage foreigners, or aliens, to lend money upon the security of such estates; be it enacted by the King's tooft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-

After the paf, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from fmgof this and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to act, foreign- arKj for a|j anj every person and persons, being foreigners, or money^in- aliens, to lend money, at a rate of interest not exceeding five terect, not ex- pounds per (entum per annurn^ upon the security of any free-cceding 51. hold or leasehold estate, in any of his Majesty's colonies in the

pen cent, on West Indies, and to bold the same as an effectual security for the tWehold^ of knr» apc* to Pr°fecute any suit or suits for recovering the

rare* in the settle, as herein after mentioned, whether the foreign (late, of _West Indict, which such alien is a natural-born subject, be at ws^r with this

CAP. XIV.

Jtuigdom or not.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14., 23

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in In case of case of non-payment of the money lent upon any such security, non-payment, at the time therein stipulated and agreed upon; it shall and bnw may be lawful to and for all and every such 'foreigner, or common law, aliens, to bring and prosecute, by themselves or their lawful for recovery*attorneys respeiUvely, any suit or suits at common law for the of demand*; recovery of their demands, on any bond, or 'other collateral security, given or entered into, or on any covenant on the part of the borrower, contained in /iny such mortgage, deed, or deeds; and also his, her, or their bill or bills in the court oforinthecourt chancery of the colony, where the estate, oh which such fecu-?fcl?anc?'y rity shall have been granted, lies, praying a decree of sale ot or CCOOIv* the said mortgaged premises, for payment of the debt due thereon; in which said suit or suits the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be and the p]ain* mtitled to like remedy and remedies, for recovery of his debt and costs due, as any British subject port may or can have; remedy for except the being intitled to have or obtain, directly or indirect- recovery, as !y, the actual possession of any such mortgaged premises, by any Brihfh process of execution whatsoever at the common law; or to foreclose the equity of redemption of such mortgaged premises by any decree or order of any court of equity whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Court of chan* bid court of chancery, where such bill or bills shall be brought, of may and shall direct and order the sale of such mortgaged mortgaged premises, in the same manner as in cases where the mortgager premises ai in bath consented to a sale of the same; any law, usage, or prac- cafcl where tice to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. hat^ronfeS

IV. And whereas upon bills brought for the redemption of such ed to a sale.*mortgages^ inconveniences may arise from the want of means to com- inconvenience/ such foreigners, or aliens, or their representatives, to appear to cies arising such bilk, who may reside out of the jurisdiction of the court where ff°mthe want such bills may be brought; be it enacted by the authority afore- compeMb-° hid, That, in all such cases, service of any writ or process of feigners to such court, upon the known attorney or agent of such foreigners apoear to such or aliens residing within the juristlidtion of the said court respect ho* lively, shall be deemed good service of such writ or process up- prevented, on any such foreigner or alien: and in case the defendant or defendants shall be absent, and have no such attorney or agent resident within the jurisdiction of the court, upoq affidavit thereof made by the person or persons seeking such relief, or by his, her, or their attorney, duly constituted to the satisfaction of the court out of which such writ or process shall issue, (in which affidavit shall be expressed the place of residence of such foreigner, according to the best of the deponent's information and belief, ).it shall be lawful for such court to issue a commission under seal to of therein to be named, authori-sing such of to take affidavit of the service of such writ or process on the defendant or defendants personally, or his, her, or their usual place of residence, and to certify the same; and such affidavit, returned with such commission into the said court, shall be competent evidence of the service of such

make a fioai decree for payment.

&4 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14.

[177$+

writ or process; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary in anywise not with (landing: and if the defendant or defendants shall not, within six months after service of the said writ or process, upon the attorney or agent in the colony, or upon the defendant or defendants abroad, appear to the said bill, either in person, or by some attorney or attorneys for that purpose, lawfully to be appointed under hand and leal, or according to the usage of the country to which the defendant belongs; then, and in such case, the court of chancery in which such suit shall be brought is hereby authorised and required to take the bill pro confesso, and to order and decree an account to be taken, by one of the matters of the said coun, of what is due to the defendant or defendants for principal and interest, and also for cotts, if any; in taking of which account, the complainant or complainants shall be obliged to shew or produce, before the matter, proper vouchers for all credits that he, she, or they Courtofchan- shall claim: and the said court is hereby further authorised, on eery may on the coming in of the matter's report, to make a final decree, inof^be'maf- aPP°*nt*ng a time and place for payment of the sum, which, by ter*s report, such report, shall appear to be due to the defendant or defendants, together with interest on the said principal sum, until ten-: dered as herein->after mentioned, and adjudging a redemption of the mortgaged premises, upon the payment of the said principal and interest, and cotts, if any, either to the defendant or defendants, or to his, her, or their lawful attorney or attorneys* to be constituted as aforesaid, or into the bank of 1England, as herein after prescribed.

Mortgagees V. And be it further enacted, That, after a time and place lefuting tore- for redemption.of any such mortgage, and the sum of money tendered, the to Pa^or redemption shall be ascertained by the said mortgager is court, according to the usual course of proceeding in cases of to pay the redemption of mortgages, if the sum of money so to be paid same into the shall be then and there lawfully tendered, and if such mortgagee land. ° or mortgagees, or his or their represenutive or representatives* attorney or attorneys, shall refute to receive the same, or shall not attend for that purpose; then, and in either of such cases, it shall be lawful for the mortgager or mortgagers, or his or their legal representarive or representatives, or his, hed, or their attor<? ney or attorneys, to pay such sum of money into the bank of England, in the name, and with the privity of the accountant-general of the high court of chancery of England* to b, e placed to his account there ex partey the mortgager or mortgagers, or his or their representative or represenratives, pursuant to the prrfiiant to method prescribed by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of aft is Geo. 1. his late majesty King George the First, (intituled An act for better securing the moneys and effeQs of the suitors of the court of chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of East India bonds and and according indorsenunts thereon, as likewise indorsements on South Sea bonds,) to the gene- and the general rules and orders of the said court, and without court ind* or reward, according to the act of the twelfth year of the act is Geo. 2. reign of his late majesty King George the Secopd, '(intituled* .....-' - A*

*5

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14.

A a8 to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper [aunties, any moneys not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the imam and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the fours of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying [he iuterejl arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office if the accountant-general of the said court,) there to remain for the for the benefit benefit of the mortgagee or mortgagees, their executors, admi- of the mort-nistrators, or assigns, and to be laid out on government or par-limentary securities, as herein after mentioned, until he, she, or they shall, upon a petition to be preferred to the high court of chancery, in a summary way, at his, her, or their expence, obtain an order of that court for the payment thereof, and of all interest, profits, and dividends arising therefrom.

VI. And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afore- A certificate

laid, That a certificate or certificates of the accountant- general, thee-under his hand, (which he is hereby directed to give without tEs

fee or reward, as well to the mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, payment, to or their heirs, as to the mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or be an efie&ial their executors, administrators, or assigns, upon application dischaufc to made to him for that purpose,) that the mortgager or mortg*-the

gets, or his, her, or their heirs or representatives, attorney orer* attorneys, have paid such sum into the bank of England, shall le a good and effectual discharge to the mortgager or mortgagor his, her, or their heirs; and that after such certificate shall be so given, the mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, and all and every other person and persons who lull or may be surety or sureties for the payment of the sum originally lent, or the interest thereof, shall be, and are hereby absolutely, acquitted, released, and discharged of and from the lame; and that the legal estate, and all other the interest of the mortgagee or mortgagees, or of his, her, or their representative or representatives, in the mortgaged premises, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, from and after the granting such certificate or certificates, revefted in the mortgager or mortgagers, or his, her, or their heirs respectively, or in whom he; (he, or they shall respectively appoint.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Before mppli-That, in the mean time, and until the mortgagee or mortga- cation to pcs, or his, her, or their legal representative or representatives,

1 hall apply by petition to the high court of chancery, for an or- receive f^e itr to receive the said sum, the said accountant-general shall, sum, the sc-and he is hereby directed and impowered to place out the same countant is 00 government or parliamentary securities; and shall pay the interest, dividends, or profits therefrom arising, from time to mentiecurity. time, as the same shall become due and payable, unto the person or persons who shall be intitled to the sum so paid into the &id hank.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Court of That the said high court of chancery shall, and is hereby re- chancery to wired and authorised to make an order for the payment of the ofmown that shall be so paid into the said bank as aforesaid, qnd of paid iqtq

all

6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.- c. 15, -19. [1773.

the bank. &c. all dividends, profits, and interest therefrom arfsing, to the person applies- son or persons intitled thereto, upon an application made to the m^wayby" court by petition, in a summary way, by the mortgagee or themort-mortgagees, his, her, or their executors, aatninistrators or af-gagee. signs; on hearing of which petition it shall be sufficient for the

petitioner or petitioners to prove, to the satisfaction of the court, that he, she, or they, is or are the person or persons for whose use or benefit the money was so paid into the said bank, or that he, she, or they, are the legal representative or represen-- tatives of such person or persons, without requiring any of the proceedings in the court of chancery of the colony in the cause to be transmitted hither 5 and upon producing such order to the accountant-general, the money shall be paid to the person spe-erfied in such order, or to his, her, or their lawful attorney or attorneys, without fee or reward.

[Publick act.]

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons *Whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XV.

An act for paving, cleaning, and lighting the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the town and pariOies of Gravesend and Milton, in the county of Kent $ and for lighting the other streets; tod for removing act incroachments and annoyances within the (hid town and parishes.

CAP. XVI.

An act for taking down the Shire hall of the county of Devon, and for building a new Shire hall in a more commodious manner.

CAP. XVII.

An act for making the exemplification of the last will and testament of William earl of aldington, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to repeal an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual relief of the poor, in the county of Devon j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

4. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty' second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled An act for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manor and parishes of Unwell and Out veil, and in the parishes d Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge arwl Norfolk, so far as the same relates to the lands lying on the south side oi Popham's Eau.

[Preamble.]

Ad % % Geo. A tax to be laid by the of ip Pointed by the former act, not exceeding i ipn Acre. Commissioners ft determine differences between landlords and tenants. Upon nonpayroed of tax, and notice given, the same to be levied by distress and file. Pt nahy on nonpayment. Land and stock to remain security for the payment of taxes. Commissioners may borrow money. Appticyioa of roo ney. Taxes chargeable with payment of money borrowed. Assignmenti may bp transferred* Transfers to be enteppd w books. Clanfe to com

1773O Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 20.

pel owners to scour dikes, &c. Penalty on neglect. Persons making watering-places in mill drains, or drawing carriages on the banks, shall forfeit 401. Persons ervfting buildings, or planting trees near any mill to forfeit, for every hoofe or building 401.5 for every tree, is.) for every bolt, 51. Commissioners may make allowance for catching vermin. Qua-fibcation of of No 'order to be revoked, but by a greater nnaber than made it, nor without notice. Not to prejudice William Barnes in maintaining his banks. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. "Expence of meetings not to exceed tos. Rights of the coofemtors of Bedford Level saved, as by 15 Car. a. Public* aft

CAP. XX.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Isle of Ely, an j counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mttdenhall river, south, Plant Load and Brandon river, north, bounded of the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earfwell brook, and the hard lands of Mildcnball$ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to foil certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called invested lands) so for as the same relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district described in the said act.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Act 33 Geo. a. A further tax to be laid. No further sum to be borrowed during the continuance of the additional tax, except on emergency. Commissioners may suspend the additional tax if monies doe shall be reduced to 60001. Additional tax to be paid in moieties by landlord and tenant. Penalty for destroying the banks by burning lands, to be levied by distress and sale y or offenders may be committee!. Owners and occupiers to repair, and scour, ditches and tunnels. Penalty on neg-kff, is jd, p*r rod. Owners of mills restrained fqpm throwing water upon the lands of other persons. Acting commifliflpers ve to prevent any injury from private drainage. River hanksv not to be cut but under the mfpe&ion of the commissioner's officers. Nothing contained to prevent Mr Jones from imbanking and foparately draining his lands. Limitation for the digging of turf. The time of paying the taxes to be appointed by of Penalty, in case of nonpayment, is js. 4d. for every sot. doe. Commissioners may fell lands for payment of taxes. Commissioners to give notice to owners of lands to be sold*and also notice of sale. Provilb; Taxes to be levied on goods of persons driving their cattle off their lands chargeable with the taxes. Lands to be rated to the poor's rates, according to reduced relit. The south bank of Brandon river, and the west bank of Lakenheath Load, how to be repaired. Commissioners ioMwertd to erect turnpikes, and take tolls to repair the banks. Tolls vested in the of Penalty on persons refuting to pay tolls. Penalty 00 taking off horses to avoid the tolls. Commissioners to erect a tdlhouse for maintaining certain banks. No toll on horses hafing boats with materials for repair of banks, &c. Appeal may he made to the quarter foflions. futHces determination not removeable by Ctrtio-rtri. Rights of the conservators of Bedford Level laved, as by 1j Car. s« limitation of actions.

---

28 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1773.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the Children of such Children.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers natural-born Subjects of Great Britain, who profess and exercise the Protestant Religion through various lawful Causes, especially for the better carrying on of Commerce, have been, and are, obliged to reside in several trading Cities and other Foreign Places, where they have contracted Marriages, and brought up Families: And whereas it is equally just and expedient that the Kingdom should not be deprived of such Subjects, nor lose the Benefit of the Wealth that they have acquired; and therefore that not only the Children of such natural-born Subjects, but their Children also, should continue under the Allegiance of His Majesty, and be intituled to come into this Kingdom, and to bring hither and realize, or otherwise employ, their Capital; but no Provision hath hitherto been made to extend farther than to the Children born out of the ligeance of His Majesty, whose Fathers were natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons born, or who hereafter shall be born, out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, whose Fathers were or shall be, by virtue of a Statute made in the Fourth Year of King George the Second, to explain a Clause in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates to the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, intitled to all the Rights and Privileges of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England or of Great Britain, shall and may be adjudged and taken to be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be, natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he and they had been and were born in this Kingdom: any Thing contained in an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, to the contrary in any-wise notwithstanding.

[Provisoes, &c. of Geo. 2. not repealed by this act.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 19

make any Persons born, or to be born, out of the ligeance of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to be natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, contrary to all or any of the provisoes, Exceptions, Limitations, and Restrictions, contained in the aforesaid Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or to repeal, abridge, or alter the same; but all such Clauses shall be, and remain in the same State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Construction, and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been if this present Act had never been made.

[Not to abridge or alter the act 5 Geo. 1.]

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to repeal, abridge, or any-ways alter, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificiers in the Manufactures of Great Britain,into Foreign Parts; nor to repeal, abridge, or any ways alter, any Law, Statute Custom or Usage whatsoever, now in Force, concerning Aliens, Duties, Customs, and Impositions, nor to cause any Privilege, Exemption, or Abatement relating thereto, in favour of any Person naturalized by virtue of this Act, unless such Person shall come into this Realm, and there inhabit and reside, and shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes if the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such Manner and Form, and at such Place and Places as are in and by the said Act directed, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, or in some Protestant or reformed Congregation within this Kingdom of Great Britain, within Three Months before their taking the Oaths in the said Act mentioned; and shall, at the Time and Place of taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and of the making, repeating and subscribing the said Declaration, produce a Certificate signed by the Person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, whereof an Entry shall be made of Record in the Court and Courts respectively wherein such Oaths shall have been taken and subscribed, without any Fee or Reward.

[Not to defeat any Right vested in another Person on the last Day of this Session.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be enacted hereby to defeat Estate, Right, or Interest, which upon the last Day of this Session shall be lawfully vested in any other Person, or to claim or demand any Estate or Interest, which shall hereafter accrue, unless such Claim or Demand be made within Five Years next after the same shall accrue.

30 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22, 25. [1773.

CAP. XXII.

An act to continue an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. 3. continued for a further term of seven years.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing two acts, made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

[Preamble. Act 12 Geo. 3.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for further continuing two acts, made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America; which act was to continue and be in force in all his Majesty's dominions in America from the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four: and whereas it has been found necessary that the said acts made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign Should be continued for a further time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[further continued until March 24, 1775.]

That the said acts shall be, and the same are hereby continued, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

CAP. XXV.

An act to explain two act of parliament, one of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America; and the other of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have served, or shall serve, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers, in America.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirteenth year the

Act 13 Geo. i.»V reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (

An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America), all persons born out of the allegiance of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, who shall have inhabited and refsded, or Jbail inhabit or reside, for the space of seven years or more, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America; or shall not have been absent out of the said colonies for a longer space than two months at any one time, during the said seven years, are, upon, the conditions prescribed by the said act, naturalized and made partakers of all the benefits and Privileges which the natural-born subjects of this realm do enjoy, other than such as are specified in a proviso in the said act contained: and whereas by an act, mode in the fecon& Act % year of the reign of his present Majesty, [intituled An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have fprved, or shall serve, for the tune therein mentioned, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers in America,) it is enacted, That all such foreign protestants. as well officers as soldiers, who have served, or shall hereafter serve, in the royal American regiment, or as engineers in America, for the space of two years, shall, upon the terms required by the said recited act, be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his Majesty's *natural-born subjects of this kingdom, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if they and every of them had beep, or were, born within this kingdom; and ia both which acts re* spedttvely are contained provisoes, That no person, who shall become a natural-born subject of this kingdom by virtue of the said acts, shall be thereby enabled to be of the privy council, or a member of either hpuie of parliament, or to be capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place of trust within the kingdom of Great Britain ox Ireland, either civil or military, or of having, accepting, or taking any grant from the crown, to himself, or to any other in trust for him, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms aforesaid: and whereas doubts may nevertheless arise, whether such persons as have, been, or may be naturalized under or by virtue of the said recited, acts, are capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place of trust, either civil or military, or of taking any grant of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the crown whatsoever; be it enacted and declared by the {ting's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Au perf0IM.authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who have, or that have become, or shall become his Majesty's natural-born Hiail become subjects, by force of virtue of the said acts, or either of them, hi' MaJc£y 1 are and shall be deemed to be capable of taking and holding a-by* ny office or place of trust, either civil or military, and of taking virtue of the and holding any grant of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, said acts, are from the crown, to himself or themselves, or to any other or h*rcby others in trust for him or them, as well under the great seal of ?ak?ng\nd° Great Britain, ?s otherwise, (other than and except offices and holding places places, and grants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of trust, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland)-, any law, or cml°rmlJlU* act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, A ry*

[Preamble.]

Act it Car.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. t.i8. [

CAP. XXVI.

An act for preventing abuses in the salt of shares bf British* £&; // /W/tf /* foreigners.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, mate in the twelfth ye<A of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, (intituled. Art*act for the encouraging an increasing of shipping and navigation); it is, amongst other things, enabled, That from and after the first day of December, one thousand (ix hundred and sixty, and from thenceforward, no goods or commodities whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any lands, islands, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging, or in his poflef-lion, or which may thereafter belong unto, or be in the posses* fion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in Asia, Africa, of America, in any other ship or ships* vessel or vessels whatsoever, but such ships and vessels as did truly and without fraud belong Only to the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or were of the built of, or belonging to, any of the said lands, islands, plantations, or territories, as the proprietors and tight owners thereof; and whereof the matter and three-fourths of the mariners at least were English, under the penalty of the forfeiture and loss of all the goods and commodities which Should be imported into, or exported out of, any of the aforesaid places, in any other ship or veflil, as also of the ship or vessel, with all its guns, furniture, tackle, ammunition, and apparel; one-third part thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; one-third part to the governor of such land, plantation, island, or territory, where such default Should be committed, in case the said ship or goods be there seized, or otherwise; that third part also to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other third part to him or them who Should seize, inform, or sue for the same, in any court of record, by bill, information, plaint, or other action, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, Should be allowed; and all admirals and other commanders at sea, of any of the ships of war, or other ships having commission from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, were thereby authorised and drift!) required, to seize and bring in as prize, all such ships or vessels as shall have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the court of admiralty, there to be proceeded against; and in case of condemnation, one moiety of such forfeiture shall be to the use of such admirals or commanders, and their companies, to be divided and proportioned amongst them, according to the rules and orders of the sea, in case of ships taken prize, and the other moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and it is also by the said act further enacted, That no alien or person not within the allegiance of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, or naturalized or made a free denizen, (ha!, from and after the first day of February, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty-one,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

exercise the trade or occupation of a merchant pr factor in any of the raid places upon the pain of the forfeiture and loss of all his goods and chattels, or which are in his possession, one-third to ms Majesty, his heirs and successors, one-third to the governor of the plantation where such person shall so offend, and the other third to him or them that shall inform or sue for the lame, in any of his Majesty's courts in the plantation where fqch offence shall be committed: and whereas by one other act of parliament* made and pasted in the seventh and eighth years of the and 7 & g reign of his late Majesty King William the Third* (intituled An Gut.I. recited* act for preventing maids, and regulating abuses, in the plantation trade), it is amongst other things, enacted, That after the twenty-fifth day of Anarch* one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, no goods or merchandises whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any colony or plantation to his Majesty in Asia* Africa or America* belonging, or in his posses-fion, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the posses-fion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors', as shall be laden in, or carried from, any one port or place in the said colonies or plantations to any other port or place in the same, the kingdom of England* dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any ship or bottom, but what is or shall be of the built of England* or of the built of Ireland* or the said colonies or plantations, and wholly owned by the people thereof, or any of them, and navigated with the masters and three-fourths of the mariners of the said places only, (except such ships only as are or shall be taken as prize, and condemnation thereof made in one of the courts of admiralty in England,

Jrdand* or the said colonies or plantations), to be navigated by the matter and three-fourths of the mariners English* or of the said plantations as aforesaid, and whereof the property did belong to Englishmen; and also, except for the space of three years, such foreign-built ships as Should be employed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy for the time being, or upon cootradl with them, in bringing only mails, timber, and other naval (lores, for the King's Tervice, from his Majesty's colonies or plantations to this kingdom, to be navigated as aforesaid, and whereof the property doth belong to Englishmen; under pain of forfeiture of ship and goods, one-third whereof to be to the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, one-third part to the governor of the said colonies or plantations, and the other third part to the peFfon who shall inform or sue for the lame, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or in any court in his Majesty's plantations, where such offence shall be committed; and it is by thedaid last-recited act further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, no ship or vessel whatsoever shall be deemed or pals as a ship of the built of England* Ireland* Wales* Berwick,

Guernsey* Jersey* or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, so as to be qualified to trade to, from, or in, any of the planta-Voi.XXX. D -tU>nsf

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 26

[1773.

tiens, until the person or persons claiming property in such ship or vessel shall register the same as followeth; that is to say, if the ship, at the time of such register, doth belong to any port in England, Ireland, Wales, or to the town of Berwick upon Tweed, then proof shall be made, upon oath, of one or more of the owners of such ship or vessel before the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs in such port; or if at the time of such register the ship belong to any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to the islands of Guernfy or Jersey, then the like proof to be made before the governor, together with the principal officer of his Majesty's revenue redding on such plantation or island; which oath the said governor and officers of the customs respectively are thereby authorised to administer in the tenor following j videlicet,

JURAT A.B. That the ship

of

[name]

[port J whereof

is at present master, [kind of built ] of

[burthen tons, was built at

[place where]

[time when]

[owners name]

v end 0/etcetera, are at

present owners thereof; and that no foreigner, directly or indirectly y hath any /hare or part or intereji therein

J

f matter's name] being a

in the year and that Of

Which oath being attested by the governor or customhouse officer respectively, who administered the same under their hands and seals, shall, after having been registertd by them, be delivered to the matter of the ship, for the security of her navigation, a duplicate of which register shall be immediately transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in the port of London, in order to be entered in a general register to be there kept for this purpose; with penalty upon any ship or vessel trading to, from, or in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, after the said twenty-fifth day of March, and not having made proof of her built and property, as is here directed, that (he shall be liable, and (he is thereby made liable to such prosecution and forfeiture, as any foreign ship, (except prizes condemned in the high court of admiralty), would for trading with these plantations by such law be liable to: and it is also further enabled, That no ship's name registered shall be afterwards changed without registering such ship de novoy which is thereby required to be done, upon any transfer of property to another port, and delivering up the former certificate to be cancelled, under the same penalties, and in the like manner as is thereinbefore directed; and that in case there be any alteration of property in the same port, by the sale of one or more shares of any ship, after registering thereof, such sale shall always be acknowledged by indorsement on the certificate of the register, before

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27, -30;

two witnesses, in order to prove that the entire property in such ibip remains in some of the subjects of England, if any dispute arises concerning the same: and whereas, notwithstanding the said goad and wholesome laws, many inconveniencies have arisen, and may hereafter arise> by foreigners,r other persons not natural-born subjects of his majesty> becoming possessed of and intitled unto> any part or Jbare of any British ship or vessel whatsoever, belonging only to natural-born subjects of his Majesty> whereby the other part owners rf such ship or vessel cannot obtain the register required by the find act of the fevtntb and eighth years of his said late majesh King William the Thirds for the ficurity of the navigation of such ship or vejffely whereby the trade and commerce of this kingdom hath been and may be greatly hindered and obstruRcd: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no foreigner or other person or persons No foreigner whatsocvqr, not being a natural-born subject of his Majesty, his f°contradfor heirs or fticceftbrs, shall be intitled to or shall purchase or con- Brmih^dp*trad for any part or parts, (bare or shares, of any Brfish ship without the or vessel whatsoever, belonging only to natural-born subjects of consent of the his Majesty, his heirs or successors, without the consent in ^rnerL?rtte writing of the owner or owners of three-fourth parts in value ofths value at least of such ship or vessel, for that purpose first had and obtained, and indorsed on the certificate of the register of such ship before two witnesses; and all agreements, contracts, purchases, and sales, of any part or share of any British ship or vessel, belonging only to natural-born subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, made, entered into, contracted for, or concluded by any such foreigner or other person or persons not being a natural-born subject or subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, without such consent first had and obtained, and indorsed as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Cap. xxvii.

An act for the moreeafy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the city and county of the city of Exeter.

Cap. xxvra.

An ift for deepening, deanfing, and making more commodious the harbours of the town of Greenock)for supplying the inhabitants with freOi and wholesome water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other pubKck places, within the said town.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for deepening*cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting nejjr piers and (quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of, the said harbour.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the better regulation and government of the pilots conducing (bspe and vtfleia to and out of the port* of King's Lynn, and of the

D a bridge*

6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31. [1773.

bridgemen conducting gangs of lighters or barges to and from the same \ and for laying down moorings in the harbour of the Cud port, and for preventing mischiefs by fire therein.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the more effectual execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the united kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that felons, and other malefactors in that part of Great Britain called England, mate their escape into that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also that felons^ and other malefactors^ in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, make their escape into that part of Great Britain called England; whereby their offences often remain unpunished^ there being no sufficient provision, by the laws of either of the two parts of the united Tangiom for apprehending such offenders, and transmitting them into that tart of the united kingdom in which their offences were committed: for remedy thereof, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any Ptersons a- person or persons, against whom a warrant shall be issued by gainst whom any justice or justices of peace of any county, riding, division, Jr*city> liberty, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain IHces in Eng- England, for any crime or offence against the laws of that

land, for of? part of the united kingdom, shall escape, go into, reside^ or be fences, who in any place of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall shall escape in- an(j may ]awfu] for the sheriff, or steward-depute, or substt-

maytecon- tute' or any Ju^cc of peace of the county or place where veyed into*such person or persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to that county indone his name on the said warrant; which warrant, so in-where the of- dorfed, shall be a sufficient authority to the person or persons mined^ by^e bringing such warrant, and to all persons to whom such warrant iuiticef(&c. was originally directed; and also to all sheriffs officers, stewards in Scotland, officers, constables, and other peace officers of the county or who are to in-place where such warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the namwonfuchwarrant in th county or place where it is so indorsed, by warrants. UCD apprehending the person or persons against whom such wanrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, of that part of Great Britain called England, being adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which the crime was committed, and before one of the justices of peace of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, to be (here dealt with according to law: or, in case the crime was committed in a county not next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; then, and in every such case, to convey him, her, or them, into any county of that part of Great Britain called England, next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and before one of the justices of peace of such county, which 2 justice

37

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31.

justice of peace is hereby authorised and required to proceed with regard to such person or persons, in the manner directed by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending end mating more effectual a clause in an act passed in the last fcjfton of parliament, for the apprehending of persons in any county or place, upon warrants granted by justices of the peace of any other county or place, as if the said person or persons had been apprehended in the said county.

II. Andy for remedy of the like inconveniency, by the escape s/Verfont guilty per font guilty of crimes in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of like cnmet be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and5n Scotland, after the passing of this act, if any person or persons, against whom a warrant shall be issued by the lord justice general, lord returned, justice clerk, or any of the lords of of judiciary, or by any sheriff, or steward-depute, or substitute, or justice of the peace of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for any crime or offence against the laws of that part of the united kingdom,

shall escape, go into, reside, or be, in any place of that part of Great Britain called England, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person or persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to indorse his name on the said warrant; which warrant, so indorsed, shall be a sufficient authority to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all persons to whom fpch warrant was originally directed; and also to all constables, or other peace officers of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such warrant shall be so inaorfed, to execute the said warrant in the county, riding,

(Jivision, city, liberty, town, or place, where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the person or persons against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the county or place of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, being adjacent to that part of Great Britain called England where the crime was committed; and before the sheriff, or steward-depute, or substitute, or one of the justices of the peace of such county or place, to be there dealt with according to law: or it} case the crime was committed in a county not next adjacent {o that part of Great Britain called England; then, and in such case, to convey him, her, or them, into any county of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called England, and before the sheriff, or stew-atf-depute, cr substitute, or one of the justices of the peace <?f such county; which sheriff, steward, or justice of the peace, is hereby required to proceed with regard to such person or persons according to the rules and practice of the law of Scotland, as if the said person or persons had been apprehended in the said

county.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Expence of That the expence of removing prisoners as aforesaid, shall be removing pri-repaid to the person defraying the same by the treasurer ofhefoller* {*

n 3 county detra>ed b*

depute in Scotland*

Per font who shall have

united kingdom, nuv be indicted for theft.

38 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 32. [1773.

the trttfurtr county of that part of Great Britain called England, or by the in EneUndlor of steward-depute, or substitute, of the county of that

by the (heriif- Part of Great Britain called Scotland* in which the crime was committed, the amount of that expence being previously ascertained by an account thereof, verified upon oath before two of the justices of the peace of such county, and allowed and signed by them.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens in both parts of the united kingdom* that persons having stolen or otherwise felomously taken a-

to in^thtr wa* cattle, goods, or other effects* carry the same into the other

part of the Parts the united kingdom* and there have the said money, cattle, goods* or other effects* in their possesson or custody; and doubts have been entertained, whether they could be indicted and tried in that part of the united kingdom* as the original offence was not there committed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons having stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken money, cattle, goods, or other effects, in either part of the united kingdom, mall afterwards have the same money, cattle, goods, or other effects, or any part thereof, in his, her, or their possession or custody, in the other part of the united kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to indict, try, and jpbnifli such person or persons for theft br larceny in that part of the united kingdom where he, she, or they, shall so have such money, cattle, goods, or other effects, in his, her, or their possession or custody, as if the said money, cattle, goods, or other effects, had been stolen in that part of the united kingdom.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, in either part of the united kingdom, shall hereafter receive or have any money, cattle, goods, or other effects, stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in the

ing the same other part of the united kingdom, knowing the same to be ^(bTikUeto ^cn' or otherwise feloniously taken, every such person or persons shall be liable to be indicted, tried, and punished for such

offence in that part of the united kingdom where he, she, or they, shall so receive or have the said moneys cattle, goods, or other effects, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said money, cattle, goods, or other effects, had been originally stolen, or otherwise feloniously taken, in that part of the united kingdom.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his late Majesty King George the Second* as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips \ and for the more esse dually preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips* potatoes* cabbages* parsnips3 paafey and carrots

WHEREAS the cultivation of turnips* potatoes* cabbages, par flips* peaft* and carrots* is of great confluence to this kingdom* and the lews in being are ineffectual for preventing the

Receivers of money, to in either part of the kingdom, know

be punished.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 32.' 39

JUaBng and destroying the same; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Jum> one thousand seven bun- After Janet, dred and seventy-three, if any person shall ileal and take away,773* Persons ormalidously pull up or destroy, any turnips, potatoes, cab- nfM^Soes bages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, growing or being in any gar- cabbagett&c* den, lands, or grounds, open or inclosed, and shall be thereof from any gar* convicted before any justice or justices of the peace for the denjands.&c. county or place where the offence shall be committed, either by Pontic-thcconfession of the party offending, or by the oath of orte^iubefidethe or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice value of the or justices is and are hereby impowerea to administer,) every goods stolen* person so offending, ' and being convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, upon such conviction, such fiun of money not exceeding the sum of ten shillings, over and above the value of the goods (lolen, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet; which sum of money shall be distributed between the owner of such turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, and the overseers of the poor, or other persons having the charge and disposal of the funds of the poor of such parish or place where the offence shall be committed, for the use of the poor of such parish or place, in such proportion as such justice or justices shall think fit; or the whole of such Turns shall be given to the owner of such turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, or to the overseers of the poor, or other persons having the charge and disposal of the funds for the use of the poor of such parish or place, according to the discretion of such justice or justices: and in default of payment of such penalty, of which the offender hath been convicted as aforesaid, such justice or justices shall and may commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, unless» such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied: and if the offence is committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, such justice or justices shall and may commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar'month, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied: and the bringing the offender or offenders before such justice or justices of the peace may be done, and the proceedings against offenders, under the authority of this act, may be carried on, in the most summary manner.

II. And, for the more easy tonviction of perfom offending against Informations this off % be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all of owners to informations, and other proceedings for any of the offencesand aforesaid, the evidence of the owner or a.whers of such turnips, a owc # potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, and of the inhabitants of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, shall betaken and allowed; any law, custotn, rule, order, or ulage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

40 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 32. [1773.

Whereconvic-

III. Provided always, That where any such convidHon shall j*onbe upon the oath of the owner or owners, the whole of the owners, the Penalty or forfeiture shall be paid to the overseer or overseers of forfeiture to be the poor for the parish or place where the offence shall be corn-paid to the mitted, for the use of the poor of such parish or place, overseers of

IV. And % for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders r against this act, be it further enacted, That all and every the

S^drawn^n0 Jucc or juices of the peace, before whom any person or per-the following sons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and form. may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form

of words, or in any form of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen, videlicet:

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord A.B. having been brought before me % or having been duly summoned, and not having appeared, or having appeared, (as the case may happen,) and having confejfed, or being con-trifled, (as the case may happen,) of the charge exhibited against him, is duly convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of (specifying

the offence, and the time and pl?ce, when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and fealy the day and year aforesaid.

[Proviso.]V. Provided alwpys, That no person shall be prosecuted so*

any such offence, unless such prosecution be begun within thirty days after the offence committed.

Act,} Geo. vL And be it further enacted, That so much of an act, made in farae^dates to twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the dealing the Second, intituled An act to continue several laws for the better turnips, regulating of pilotsfor the edndufting of ships and vessels from Dover,

Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the river of Thames and Medway 5 and for permitting rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to be landed before the duties of exdje are paid thereon; and ta continue and amend an act for preventing frauds in the admeasure-mint of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and several parishes near thereunto; and to continue several laws for preventing exactions of occupiers of locks and weirs upon the river Thames west-ward, and for ofeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; and also to amend so much of an act, made in the first year of the reign of King George the First, as relates ta the better preservation of salmon in the river Ribble; and to regulate fees in trials at affixes, and nisi prius, upon records issuing out of the office of pleas of the court of exchequer; and for the apprehending of persons in any tounty or place, upon warrants granted byt justices of the peace in any other county or place; and to repeal fa much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second\ as relates to the time during which the office of excise is to be kept open each day, and ta. appoint far bow long time

the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33.' 41

tbs famJball be kept open upon each day for the future; and to pre- after the

yat the fteating or destroying of turnips; and to amend an act* made in the secondtear of his present Majesty* for better regulation of at- a&# 1* refer/: /*; end solicitors; so far as the same relates to the dealing of peeled., /umips; shall, from and after the commencement of this present act, be repealed.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to extend the provisions of an all* made in tie sixth year of his present Majesty's reign* (intituled An act for Ac better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods, and for the further preservation of roots, shrubs, and plants,) to poplar* alder* maple* larch* and hornbeam.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ftxthyear of his present Majesty's reign* (intituled An act for the better preserv- Act 6 Geo. 3. ation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further preservation of roots, shrubs, and plants,) it was enafied* That every person who Should wilfully cut or break down* berk* bum* pbuk up* lop* top* crop* or otherwise deface* damage* spoil* or defiroy* or carry away* any timber tree or trees* likely to become timber* or any part thereof* or the lops or tops thereof*with* wt ibe cenfent of the owner or owners thereof first bad and obtained*

#r in any of his Majesty's for efts or chafes* without the consent of the fitrvtyor or fwrveyors* or his or their deputy or deputies* or person or persons intrujlei with the care of the same* and Should be thereof convicted* upon the oath of one or more Credible witness or witnesses* before any one or more of his Majesty's justices for the county* city* riding* division* district* or place* wherein such offence Should be command* Should, fir the first offence* forfeit and pay such sum of money* not exceeding twenty pounds* as to such justice or justices Should flm meet* together with the charges previous to and attending such cmission* to be ascertained by such justice or justices who Should convict the offender j and upon non-payment thereof*such justice or justices Should commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence Should be committed* there to remain without bail or mainprize* for any time not exceeding twelve months* nor lefts than six months* or until the penalty and charges Should be paid; and if any person so convtfted Should be guilty of the like offence a ftecmd time* and Should be thereof convtfted in like manner* such per-sten Should forfeit and pay such sum of money* not exceeding thirty pounds* as to such justice or justices Should seem meet* together with the charges previous to and attending such conviction* to b$ ascertained by such justice or justices who Should convict the offender; and* upon nonpayment thereof* such justice or justices Should commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence Should be committed* there to remain without bail or mainprize* for any time not exceeding eighteen months* nor less than twelve months* or until the penalty and charges Should be paid; and if any person so mviftti Should be guilty of the like offence a third time* atyd Jboul

b

42

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33. [1773.

be thereofconvifted in tike manner, such person shouli be deemed guilty of felony, the court by and before whom such persons houli be triedyJbould

and thertby bad authority to transport such person or persons, for the Jpace of seven years, to any of his Majesty's plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are dir efted to be transported by the lows and Statutes of this realm: and by the said act it was enacted, That all oaky beech, chesnut, walnut, ajby elmy cedar, y?r, afpy time, fycamorey and birch treesy Should be deemed and taken to be timber trees» within the true meaning and provison of the said act: and whereat doubts have arisen fmee the passing the said act, whether any trees shall be. deemed and taken to be timber treesy ether than such as are declared so to be in the said act: newt for the better preservation of the several uftful and valuable timber trees bereafter mentioneay casually omitted to be mentioned in the said act, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the trees called poplar, alder, larch, maple, and hornbeam, shall also be deemed and taken to be timber trees, immediately after the first day of May, one thousand After May 1, seven hundred and seventy-three: and all and every perform Wi. or persons who shall after the said first day of May, one thousand

raaple and

seven hundred and seventy-three next, willfully cut or break hornbeam, to down, bark, bum, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or otherwise de-be deemed face, damage, spoil, or deftrey, or carry away any poplar, al-timbertree*. der, larch} maple, and hornbeam, or any part thereof, or the Penalty on de-lops or tops thereof, without the consent of the owner or stroying any owners thereof first had and obtained, or of same person in the fame^as^or tru^e<* w^h the care of such tree or trees, such person or per-other timber sons if found guilty of any offence or offences, be con-trees. victed in like manner as persons are directed so to be, for offences of the like kind, concerning trees deemed timber trees* in the above in-part recited a<$ 5 and upon such conviction or convictions shall be liable to all and every the penalties, forfeitures, and punishments therein inflated for any such like offence otf offences; and all and every justice and justices of the peace is and are hereby authorised, on complaint made to him or them of any offence or offences, to administer oaths, and to proceed in like manner to conviction and punishment of every offender against this act, as fully and effectually as if the said trees hereby declared, deemed, and taken to be timber trees, had been expressly so deemed and declared to be in the said act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; and such conviction and convictions shall be certified by the justice or justices before whom the same shall be made to the next quarter-sessions of the peace to be hohlen for the county wherein such offence or offences were committed, in the form of words, pr to that effect, directed by the said act; and all and every tho. Forfeitures for offences against this act shall be paid and applied in the manner forfeitures are directed to be paid in the said re-sited act.*

42

1773.] -A000 decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34, -38.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and places within the town of Brighthelmstone, in the county of Sussex $ for removing nuisances and annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a market within the said town $ for building and repairing groyns, in order to render the coast safe and commodious for ships or vessels to unload and land sea-coal, culm, and other coal, for the use of the inhabitants of the said town j and for laying a duty thereon, and for other purposes.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for raising a farther sum of money for the purpose of rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Essex.

CAP. XXXVI.

An id to amend an Act, passed in the ninth pear of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying open and widening certain ways and pafuges, in the town of Birmingham; and for deanfing and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there j and for removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein $ and for widening certain other street* and places j for establishing a nightly watch j and for regulating carts and carmen employed in the said town.

Cap. xxxvii.

An act for making and extending the navigation of the river Bure, (commonly called the North River,) by and from Coltishall to Aylfham. Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An 08 to incorporate certain persons therein named\ and their successors, with proper powers for the purpose of establish-tug one or more glass manufactories within the kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the casting of large plate glass.

WHEREAS the establishment of a glass manufactory in Great Preamble Britain, upon an improved pirn, in a peculiar manner, cat-minted for the casting of plate glass y would be of great benefit and utility to this kingdom, and may tend, as well to increase the publick revenue arising from the duties laid thereony as to improve the present method of making plate glass, which is not brought to a fate of per-session equal to that in foreign countries: and whereas such manse-faflory cannot be ejlabtished without great risk in the undertaking, and without a very large expencey nor can be conveniently carried ony unless a mjiderable joint stock is raiftd for that purpose: and whereas several persons have already formed themselves into a society, and subscribed confederate sums % and purchased materials, and engaged proper persons, for the purpose of establishing and carrying, on the said manufactory \ but such persons are apprehensive that difficulties may arifty as well in recovering debts which may grow due to the pro* prietors of the said manufactory, as also in defending suits or actions which may be commenced or brought against the feud proprietors for any matter or thing relative to the said manufactory % as by law all

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

the several proprietors and subscribers to the said manufactory muji in such cases both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded) by their several and distinct names and descriptions 5 and therefore, for the more eafdy carrying on the manufacture, and avoiding the difficulties aforesaid, are defrosts of being incorporated, and having a common Jeal and name, by which they may sue and be sued: and whereas many persons who are not now liable to become bankrupts, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force concerning bankrupts, are likewise fearful of subjeribing money to carry on the said manufacture, as by becoming subscribers to9 and part owners thereof \

they may be liable to have commipons of bankrupt issued against them as traders; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the right honourable John Stuart9 commonly called Lord Mount ftuart9 the honourable major general Charles Fitzroy, Herbert Mackworthy Peregrine Cust % fbomas Dundas, Robert Palk, JJhn Mackay, Philip ftffleck9 James Mowbray, Robert Digby9 Angus Mac(ay % Henry Dagge9 Albany ft*allis, Hajtings, Ranald MacDonald, Thomas Davenport, Asheton Curzon9 John Qq/ben9 Thomas Potter9 Thomas Durelly Stephen Cecfar Lemaifire9 and Henry Erringtont esquires, and every other person or persons who shall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, in right of any other person or persons become proprietors of, or interested in any part or share of the joint capital stock or fund herein after mentioned, shall he one distinct and separate body politick and corporate, in deed and in name, by the name and stile of The Governor and Company of British-cast Plate-Glass Manufacturers, and that by the same name they shall have succession and a common seal; and that they and their successors may, from time to time, break, alter, make new, or change (bch common Tea!, as shall be found most expedient; and that such corporation shall be able and capable in law, and shall have perfect and full power and ability in law to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy, to them and their successors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of wh$t kind, nature, or quality soever, for file use of the said manufactory, notwithstanding the statute$ of mortmain, fd as the same do not exceed the yearly value of five hundred pounds; and any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey, to the said company of proprietors, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the pfe and benefit of the said manufactory, so as the same do not exceed the annual vakfe aforesaid, without license of alienation in mortmain; and that such corporation shall have power and ability in law to grant, fell, demise* alien, or dispose of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, at their freewill and pleasure; and, in their corporate name, shall and may bcabJc and capable in

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38.

law to sue and implead, be sued and impleacted, answer and be answered, in any court of record, or elsewhere, in all causea and actions whatsoever, for, touching or concerning the said corporation, or the manufactory by them carried on, as afore* laid.

H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Company may it shall and may be lawful to and for such corporation to raise raise a joint a capital joint ttock, to be applied for the carrying on the said stock* manufacture, not exceeding the sum of forty thousand pounds, at loch times, and in such proportion, as at any general court or courts of such corporation, to be bolden in pursuance of this act, shall be directed $ and that the same be divided into such number of shares as herein after mentioned, each share not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds: and that no person subscribing thereto, or becoming a proprietor of such manufactory, do become a proprietor of Ids than one share, or more than twelve shares, either in his or her own name, or in the name of any other person or persons in trust for him or her,

(except the same shall come to him or her by devise, bequest, marriage, or act of law,) upon pain of foreiting to the said company of proprietors all such shares, exceeding twelve shares, as aforesaid j and the money so to be raised, is hereby directed and appointed to be applied, in the first place, for and towards the payment, discharge, and satisfaction, of the expences hitherto incurred on account of the establishing the said manufactory, and preparatory to the passing of this act, and also the expences to be incurred in the patting thereof, and the residue of such monies shall be applied in and about the business of the said manufactory.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That joint stock to the said sum of forty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as be divided shall be raised by the several persons herein-before named, or mtoh*rC1, by such other person or persons who shall or may hereafter become proprietor or proprietors of the said manufacture, shall be divided into eighty shares, at a price not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds for every such share, and that the said eighty shares shall be, and are hereby vetted in the several persons herein-before described, and their several and respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to their and every of their proper use and benefit, proportionally to the fom they and each of them shall severally subscribe and pay thereunto, and all and every the said shares shall be deemed to be personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the nature of real property; and all and every person and persons, their several and respective executors, administrators, and assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay in the sum of fiVe hundred pounds, or such sum or sums as shall be demanded in part thereof, towards the establishing and carrying on the said undertaking, shall be intituled to, and receive the entire and neat distribution of one-eightieth part of the pro6ts and advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by virtue of the sum

interest to be paid till the profits can be divided.

Persons subscribing may vote at meeting*.

Books to be

Jirovided for ubicripiions.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38.

[1773: and Aims of money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the authority of this act 5 and so in proportion for any greater number of shares, not exceeding twelve shares as aforesaid; and every person or persons, having such property of one-eightieth part or share in the said undertaking, and so in proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable sum of money towards carrying on the said undertaking, in manner herein after enacted, directed, and appointed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company of proprietors, their successors or assigns, and they are hereby required, out of the money to be raised as aforesaid, until the said manufactory shall be so. established, that the profits arising therefrom are sufficient to make a dividend equal to on interest of five pounds per centum on the capital advanced, to pay uqto all and every the said proprietors, their several and respective successors, executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall severally pay in or subscribe any sum or sums or money, for and towards the carrying on and establishing the said manufactory, an interest for such sum or sums as they shall respectively pay in, after the rate of five pounds for every one hundred pounds for one year, from the time that each of such sum or sums shall be respectively advanced as aforesaid, and be paid and payable at such place or places as shall be agreed on stnd appointed for that purpose, at the first general meeting of the said company, of proprietors, to be held as herein after is mentioned.

V. Andy to the end that all matters or things touching or relating to the establishing and carrying on the said manufactory may he managed and conducted in the most beneficial manner, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons* who shall have subscribed for one or more share or shares of the said manufactory, his and their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, in every or any publick meeting or assembly, to be held as herein after appointed for carrying on the business of the said manufactory, shall have liberty by him, her, or themselves, to give one vote, and no more, without any regard being had to the number of shares he, she, or they, shall respectivel) be possessed of, and interested in, as aforesaid; and whatevei question, election of officers, or other matter or thing shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, in any publick assembly 01 meeting, to be held under and by virtue of this act, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes then present, com* puting one vote for every member then present, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a book for subscriptions shall be provided within on< month after the passing of this act, in which said book the lai< joint stock, which shall not be less than the sum of forty thousand pounds, shall be subscribed by the proprietors of the Can manufactory; and that each of the said proprietors shall no subscribe kfs than the sum of five hundred pounds, nor more

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 47

than the sum of six thousand pounds; and that all and every the said proprietors shall pay his, her, or their shares and proportions of the monies subscribed at such time and place as shall be appointed for the receipt of such sums of money as shall, from time to time, be ordered to be paid, in pursuance bf any call or calls to be made by the order of any general meeting, in manner and form as is herein-afrer directed 5 of which several calls, three calendar months notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the London Gazette, and one or more of the publick newspapers, at the discretion of the general meeting of the said proprietors: and if any person or persons shall neglect or refofe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or share, parts or shares, of such monies to be called for, as aforesaid, within one calendar month after the time appointed for payment thereof; and after personal notice given to him or her, or notice in writing left at his or her ufuat or last place of abode, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every one hundred pounds of his, her, or their respective share or shares in the said manufacture.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, proprietors That whenever any proprietor shall have incurred the penalty not making aforesaid of twenty shillings for every one hundred pounds of the*r Pay-such share or shares as he or she may be possessed of in the said

manufactory, for nonpayment in due time as aforesaid, of his pertf in the or her rateable proportion of money called for, and such for- manufactory, future shall have been declared attome general meeting of the proprietors, it shall and may be lawful at the same, or at any subsequent general meeting, for any five or more of the proprietors then present to order and direct a further notice to be given to such proprietor; and in case he or she shall not, within six months after such notice served personally, or left at his or her most ufoal or last place of abode, pay, or cause to be paid, all such sum or sums of money as shall be then due and owing upon any call or calls as aforesaid, and for nonpayment of which such former forfeiture shall have been incurred, and shall also pay, or cause to be paid, an additional sum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds which such proprietor shall have subscribed towards the said manufactory, then such proprietor, in case the nonpayment of such sum or sums of money shall have been declared at same general meeting of the said proprietors, shall forfeit all his interest, share, and property, in the said manufactory, together with all such sums as shall have been paid in, or shall be then due and owing from any call or calls as aforesaid; which last mentioned sum or sums due and owing from any call or calls as aforesaid, and the respective pe- nahies of twenty shillings, and five pounds, herein-before mentioned, shall and may be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at We^minster: provided always, 1

That it shall and may be lawful for the said proprietors, at any general meeting to be held after such forfeiture shall have been incurred, to postpone, mitigate, or remit the same.

4?

Governor, deputy-governor, and committee to be chosen.

Governor and deputy-governor to take an oath.

The oath*

Committeemen to take an oath.

The oafb.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within the space of twenty days after passing this act, any five or more of them, the said persons herein-before named, shall summon and call together a general meeting of all the proprietors in the said joint stock, who shall and may quietly and freely assemble themselves, and meet together at the time and place so appointed; and then and there, at their will and pleasure, name, chufc, and cled, one of the said proprietors to be governor of the said company, and one other proprietor to be deputy-governor of the said company, and also five or more other fit persons to be committee-men of the said company; the said governor, deputy-governor, and committee-men, to continue in their respective offices and places, until a new dec* tien shall be had and made of a governor, deputy-governor, and committee-men, in pursuance and according to the directions of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every governor and deputy-governor of the said company so to be deded as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the execution of their respective offices or places of governor and deputy-governor, shall take the following oath before any two or more of the said proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer the same:

YO U [wear that you will ajftjl, and with all your power suppert and maintain the company of Britiftw^? plate glass manufacturer*, and the privileges of the same, having no respttl to yourself in derogation, hindrance, or prejudice of the good government, order, and commonweal thereof \ the bye-laws and ordinances which shall be made by authority of this company, and which are not repugnant to the laws of this kingdom, you/ball uprightly and duly execute according to your knowledge, and to the utmost of your poyoer endeavour to favour and maintain the true interest and wetfare of the said company.

So help you GOD.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every one of the said committee-men of the said company for the time being, before they be admitted to the execution of their said respective offices or places of committee-men, shall take the following oath before any two or more of the said proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer the same:

YO U swear to be faithful and true during the time of your place of trust, as one of the committee-men of the company of Bri-tillwej/f plate glass manufacturers^ and their successors; the good estate of the adventurers in this present joint stock you shall, as far m you are able, favour and prejerve, and the privileges granted to them to the utmost of your power endeavour to maintain.

So help you GOD.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 49

XI. And, to the end that all matters and things to be done and General meet-tarried on by virtue and authority of this act may be the more regu- inS to J* ^eJd larly carried into execution, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, annua That there shall be one annual general meeting of all the said proprietors on the second Wednesday in March in every year for the future, at some convenient place for that purpose to be appointed, at or after the hour of eleven in the forenoon, at which said annual general meeting the proprietors assembled shall chuse a governor and deputy-governor of the said company, and also five or more persons, each of whom shall be for the time being a proprietor of one or more share or shares in the said manufactory, to be a committee or committees, to assist in managing the affairs of the said company of proprietors, in such manner as is herein directed, and as shall, from time to time, be ordered by any such annual general meeting, or by any fpc-rial general meeting, to be held as herein after mentioned, the said governor and deputy-governor always to be members of such committee or committees and the said governor and deputy and committee-men, shall serve and continue in their respeCHvc offices and places for one whole year next ensuing their respective elections, or until others shall be elected and appointed in their room.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time it shall appear to any five or more proprietors, that, for the more effectually putting this act in execution, an occasional general meeting of proprietors shall be necessary to be held, the governor, deputy-governor, or any three or more of the said committee, on request made in writing by the said five proprietors to the said governor, deputy-governor, or committee-men, shall cause notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, or in such other manner as the said propietors, their successors or assigns, shall at any general meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such notice the place where and the time when such meeting is to be held, the same to be held within one month from and after such notice given; and likewise spe- cifying in every such notice the reason for and intention of such meetings respectively; and the proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such notice, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this act given them; and every act of the proprietors, or the major part of them, at such meetings assembled, shall be as valid to all intents and purposes as if the same had been done at an annual general meeting, held in manner herein-before appointed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commitee so to be chosen as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be subject to the examination and controul of the said annual or occasional general meetings of the said proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due obedience to all such orders and directions, in and about the premises, as they shall from time to time receive. from the said proprietors, at any such

general meetings; such orders and directions not being contrary f

to any express directions or provisions in this act contained.

5

Governors, Sec. dying, others to be chosen.

Meetings to be called by governors, Sec. and committee-men.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the governor, deputy-governor, or any of the commitee-men for the time being, shall happen to die, or resign his office or offices, before the expiration of the said year for which he or they shall be so elected; that then, and from thenceforth, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, or deputy-governor, or any three of the commitee to iummon and call together a general meeting of the proprietors aforesaid, and then and there to chuse into the place or places of him or them so dying or resigning one or more other (it person or persons, as the case may happen, to continue in their respedVtve offices or places, during the remainder of such year.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first general meeting hereby appointed as aforesaid, all and every the general meetings of the said company, hereby established, shall be, from time to time, called and summoned by the order of the said governor or deputy-governor, or any three or more of the committee for the time being; at all which general meetings before-mentioned the governor for the time being shall be present, or, in his absence, the deputy-governor for the time being, and in case of equality of votes or voices, shall have a calling voice.

XVI. Provided always, That if at any general meeting the governor, See. number of persons present shall be less than nine, and the mem-

ers Prc^ent 1101 b* Puffed of twenty shares in the said bers possessai manufactory at the lead, no choice of a governor, deputy-gover-of 10 shares, nor, or committee, shall be made at that time; but in such case there shall be an adjourned meeting of the said company, at the same place, within one month, of which notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and such other publick newspapers as shall be then agreed upon, or in such other manner as at any general meeting shall be directed for that purpose, and so from time to time as occasion shall require, until such choice shall be made of the governor, deputy-governor, and committee, as ought to have been made at the first day herein-before appointed, had there been a sufficient number of votes present, and the persons so chosen shall have the same power which they would have had, and continue in such office until such time as they would have done, had they been chof^ji on the said day herein-before first appointed.

Company may

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said company of make bye- proprietors, their successors and assigns for the time being, mall have power and authority at any general meeting, to be held as aforesaid, in case nine or more proprietors are present at such. general meeting, possessed of twenty shares at lead, but not otherwise, to make such rules, bye-laws, and constitutions, for the said government of the said company, and for the good and orderly carrying on the business of the said manufacture; and also for the well-governing of the officers, servants, workmen % and others who shall be employed in and about the business and carrying on of the said manufacture, or any part thereof; and to impute and inflict such reasonable fines or forfeitures upon

ali

No choice of

laws, Sec.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 51

all persons offending against the same, as to the major part of such general meeting shall seem meet, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for any one offence; such fines and forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such ways and means as are herein-af-tcr mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Bye law* may lawful to and for the said company of proprietors, their successors he altered, and assigns, at any general meeting to be held as aforesaid, in case thirteen or more proprietors are present at such general meeting, possessed of forty shares at least, but not otherwise, to alter or repeal any rules, bye-laws, or constitutions, made by the said company, at any former general meeting or general meetings: and all fu^h rules, bye-laws, and constitutions, so to be made by the said company, at any general meeting or meetings, being fairly wrote and entered in the books of the said company of proprietors, shall be binding to and observed by all the parties, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity to justify all persons who shall act under the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That the book and books in which the accounts relating to the under the care hid undertaking shall be dated and settled, and all other matters fonsas the" and things relating the reunto, shall be deposited under the care company shall and custody of such person or persons as the said company of appoint, proprietors, their successors and assigns, shall, from time to time,

direct and appoint, and every proprietor or proprietors, at rea-ibnable times, shall have free access to such book and books, for his, her, or their inspection.

XX. And be it further enacted, That at every such annual Proprietors at general meeting as aforesaid, the proprietors shall call for, audit, £encral m^et-and settle all accounts of motley which shall hereafter be receiv- JJJ?accounts^" cd or paid in, for, about, or concerning the said manufactory,

and shall settle and declare what dividend or dividends shall be made to the proprietors thereof: provided always, That no dividend shall at any time be made amongst the said proprietors, out of the profits arising from the said manufactory, over and above five pounds per centum, upon the capital stock actually advanced, during such time as there shall be due and owing from the said company any sum or films of money borrowed upon the credit of their capital stock, or upon the profits and produce arising from the said manufactory.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at any such general Proprietors at meeting as aforesaid, the proprietors shall have power to make general meet-such call or calls of money, for the purposes of this act, as they JJ^ertomake shall find wanting and necessary, not exceeding ten pounds per calls of mo* centum on each share at any one call, under such conditions, pe- ney. nalties, and forfeitures as herein-before mentioned, such notice or notices, of such call or calls having first been duly given as aforesaid; which money, so called for, shall be paid to such person or persons, and in stich manner, as the said general meetings shall, from time to time, appoint and direct, for the use of the said manufactory.

General meetings may be adjourned.

Owners of shares dying before calls made for the full sums to be advanced on each (bare,

Trustees, &c. indemnified for making payment.

Trustees neglecting payment after six months, such shares of owners to be liable to the forfeitures as before directed.

Proprietors may sell and dispose of their shares.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, every such general meeting shall have power to adjourn themselves, from time to time, and from place to place, as shall be thought convenient, and be agreed upon by the majority of votes then present: and in case there shall not be a sufficient number of persons present to form such general meeting before two of the clock in the afternoon, on the day on which such general meeting shall have been calied, then any one of the said proprietors present, or their clerk for the time being, shall adjourn the said meeting to the same day fortnight, and shall give notice of such adjournment in manner before mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any owner or owners of any share or shares in the said manufactory shall die before such call or calls shall be made for the full sum to be advanced on each share, which he, she, or they shall have been possessed off, or intitled unto, without having made provision by will, or otherwise, how such share or shares shall be disposed or, and the money paid in upon calls for the future; then, and in such case, the executors or administrators of any such owner so dying, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians, of any infant, or other person or persons whatsoever, intitled to the estate and effects of such owner deceased, shall be indemnified against all such infant or infants, or other persons whatsoever, for paying any sum or sums of money, when called for, as aforesaid, to compleat every such subscription: and if such owner deceased shall not have left assets sufficient, or in case the executors or administrators, trustee or guardian, trustees or guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such calls and payments within the space of six calendar months next after personal notice served on, or notice left at the usual or last place of abode of such executors or administrators, or fomeor one of them, or such trustee or guardian, trustees or guardians, then such share or shares of such deceased owner or owners, as also his, her, or their personal estate, (in case they shall die leaving afsets,) shall be subject and liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as are here-in-before directed, in respect of the share or shares of such person or persons as shall neglect or refuse to pay In his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or share of such monies as shall be called for, in manner herCin-before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several proprietors of the said manufactory to sell and dispose of any share or shares he, she, or they, shall or may be intitled to therein, subject to the rules and conditions herein mentioned; and any purchaser or purchasers shall, for his, her, or their security, as well as that of such proprietor or proprietors, have a duplicate of the deed of assignment or conveyance made unto him, her, or them, and executed by such person or persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall purchase the same, and also by the purchaser or purchasers thereof, one part whereof, duly executed, both by the feller and purchaser, shall be

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 53

delivered to the company's clerk for the time being, to be filed and kept for the use of the said company; and an entry thereof shall be made in a book or books to be kept by the said clerk for that purpose, for which no more than one shilling shall be paid; and the said clerk is hereby required to make such entry accordingly; and until such duplicate of such deed shall be so delivered in to the said clerk, and filed and entered, as above directed, such purchaser or purchasers shall have no part or share of the profits of the said manufactory, nor any interest for his said share paid to him, her, or them, or any vote as a proprietor or proprietors.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Notice to be thority aforesaid, That no such sale or sales, except to a proprie- given of (ides* for or proprietors of the said company, shall be made of any such share or shares, by any proprietor or proprietors, unless three months notice in writing shall be given to the governor, deputy-governor, or any three of the committee, of such his, her, or their intentions to sell the same; and unless consent shall be given by a majority of the whole number of proprietors, signified by ballot at some general meeting, which shall be held within four months after such notice given.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the number Proprietors of proprietors of the said manufactory shall at any future time reduced to 15, be reduced to the number of fifteen or under, then all the powr a m*i°nty ers of this act, shall be fully exercised and enforced, in like man- of

ner as is herein-before directed, by a majority of such number, this in all in all cases where more than five proprietors are herein-before cases where required to be present at any meeting. JPorc than.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sent at a in case the said sum of forty thousand pounds, herein-before meeting, authorised to be raised, shall be found insufficient for the e(ta- a further sum blishment and carrying on of the said manufacture; then, and may be raised in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- by th? cot?' pany of proprietors, by and with the consent, afsent, and appro-

ration of not less than three-fourths in number of the said pro- nSgsc^cnt* prietors, and not otherwise, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in manner and form aforesaid, or by the ad million of new subscribers, upon such terms as they shall think proper, any further or other sum or sums of money, for establishing and carrying on the said manufactory, not exceeding the sum of twenty thousand pounds; and every contributor or subscriber towards raising such further or other fyim or sums of money,

shall havfe a like vote in respect of every such share in the said additional sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such forfeitures, and Hand interested in the profits and produce of the said manufactory, for such share or shares as he, she, or they, may subscribe thereto, as generally and extensively, to all intents and purposes, as if such further share or shares so subscribed bad originally been part of the said (tock of the said company; any thing hereiiybefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

54 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

Forging the

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-compar?1* ^aic^' That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit the made felony.^t^lc corporation, or any deed or writing under the common seal, or shall demand any money in pursuance of any such. forged or counterfeited deed or writing, either from the corporation or any members or l'ervants thereof, knowing such writing to be forged, with intent to defraud the same corporation, or their successors, or any other person or persons whomsoever, every person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to one of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America for a term not exceeding seven years.

Stealing or

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, destroying the That if any person or persons shall, by day or night, break into work*, fejeny. any hOQfc^ (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building, or by force enter into any house, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building belonging to the said manufactory, or wherein the same shall be then carrying on, with intent to deal, cut, break, or otherwise destroy any glass or plate glass, wrought or unwroughr, or any materials, tools, or implements, used in, for, or about the making thereof, or any goods and wares belonging to the said manufactory, or shall (teal, or wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or otherwise destroy, any such glass materials, tools, or implements, every such offender, being thereof lawfully con-viCfed, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to one of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America for a term not exceeding seven years.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no contract, agreement, transer, or aGgnment of any share or shares, or other writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the powers given in and by this present act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever; and that no proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this act shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this

Vriftngs to be without stamps.

Fine? and forfeiture?

how to be re- a(<^ or by any rujes^ bye-laws, or constitutions, made by the CQv$re... said company of proprietors, their successors or assigns, by the authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which said fines, penalties, and forfeitures, are not herein-before particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein the said manufacture shall be carried on, as aforesaid; which said justice or justices is and ?re hereby authorised to hear and examine a witness or witnesses upon oath, and determine the same, and may, according to his or their discretion, mitigate any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to be inflicted on any offender or offenders by virtue of the powers in this act contained; feve and except such forfeitures and penalties as are herein-before directed for nonpayment of such

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 55

sum or sums of money as shall be called for from the said proprietors, as aforesaid; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid, and shall be applied and disposed of, to, and for the use of the said manufacture, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, imitation °* That if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought or aftI0Il, commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and directions herein-before given or granted, every such action, suit, or information, shall be brought

and commenced within six calendar months next after the tad committed for which such action or suit shall be commenced, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county where the said manufacture shall be carried on as aforesaid, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in all such actions or suits may plead the general issue, and give this General issue, ad, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdict or verdids shall be found for such defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, suit, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants, in every such case, shall have treble costs, and shall Treble costs. have such remedy for recovery of the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

[Commence*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall take place and have continuance, from mcn5 and and after the passing thereof, for and during the term of twenty-one years, and from thence- to the end of the then next session ° 18

of parliament.

---

[Publick act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

56 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 39. [1773.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other fen lands and low grounds in a certain place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the hamlet and village of Farcett and Standground, in the county of Huntingdon.

---

[Preamble.]

Commissioners appointed. Every owner of 30 acres may appoint a commissioner. It an owner of 30 acres be a minor, Sec. the guardian or committee to act or appoint a commissioner. Joint-owners, &c* taxed by virtue of this act, may act as of, or by their deputies* provided their shares are not less than fifteen acres. Appointment of of to be entered in a book, See. First meeting ot of Meetings may be adjourned. Nothing to be done but at publick meetings. Draining of lands and other works to be under the direction of of Commissioners to make drains, Sec. making satisfaction to persons having a right to the foil. Two engines to be erected. Power0 the of to prevent the water of the higher lands defeending on the low lands. Commissioners neglecting to make dams, the owners may make the same, and the expences to be paid by the treasurer. Owners making new cuts, See. the of to cause proper dams and headings to be made, to prevent waters defeending upon the lower lands. Owners refusing to pay the expence may be prosecuted. Tunnels may be made when the engine is out of repair. The water not to pass through the tunnels, when the engine at the head of the Twelve Foot dike is (topped. Overfalls to be placed in any parts of the drains, &c. If the pedons appointed for making overfalls, See. shall negtest, others to be appointed. Commissioners may make contrafts. Commissioners to contract for the purchase of lands. Where persons shall refuse or neglect to treat, Jury to pe summoned to ascertain t lie value of damages. Jury may be challenged. Witnesses may be called and examined upon oath. Verdict to be final. Witnesses not appearing, or refusing to be fwora, or any jury-man refusing to be sworn, or not giving a verdict, shall forfeit 40s. Expences of jury how to be paid. Commissioners may proceed on works after satisfaction. Tender of recompence made to of, Sec. for surveying and levelling lands. Sec. Bodies politick, &c. to have satisfaction for damages. All verdicts, &c. to be inrolled with the clerk of the peace. Eands taxed to be ascertained, and may be taxed not exceeding 3 s. per acre per annum. Messrs. Hoggard, Moore, and Wing's award to be binding and conclusive. In case of death of any such persons, &c. of to appoint others. In case the persons appointed do not make their award in six months, other, to be appointed. Oath to be taken. Power to make a survey. Resurvey allowed. Rates or taxes to be paid half-yearly. Power to distrain. Commissioners may borrcfw money, not exceeding 10001. No more than xool. to be borrowed on one fecu»ity. Securities to be assignable, and to be entered in a book. Tax chargeable with payment of the principal money, may be veiled in creditors. Taxes may be raised, and lowered again, if necessary. Commissioners may appoint officers, and remove them, and appoint others. Treasurers to give securiry. Officers to account yearly. Accounts to be entered. Power to compel officers to account. Penalty on officers refusing to account. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reversed, unless nine or moie of be present. Persons burning or otherwise destroying she works, guilty of felony. Penalty of 501, on damaging, Sec. the works* Commissioners may take in water from the rivers Nen and Bevill 5 and owners of lands may take in water from the river Nen by tunnels, at their own expence. Persons erecting any horse-mill, Sec. to discharge water, other than into Bevill's and Nen rivers, to forfeit 501. No houses, &c. to be built on banks near mills, on penalty of 1001. Sec. Commissioners pifty cut down trees or holts already planted near mills. Owners, &c. to cieanfe dikes, Scc. and in case of neglect, surveyors to do it at the owner's expence. Commissioners may appoint a mole catcher. Engines and mills to be insured. This act not to be given in evidence touching the local*felt*

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. 57

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

kite of the lands. Twelve Foot drain belonging to Sir Sampson Gideon tfftedin the of Commissioners not to have power over adventurers' land. Commissioners to repair Twelve Foot drain. Owners of adventurers* lands not to cut into Twelve Foot drain. Sir Sampson Gideon, See. to keep up the banks of the adventurers* lands. Writings to be without damps. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and ap-pi ed. Persons aggrieved may apply to the next session. Proceedings not tobequartied for want of form. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for vsnt ot form; nor the party distraining a trespasser ab initio. Conviction to be drawn in the following form. Reserving the rights of the corporation of Bedford level. Saving the rights of the commissioners of Salter's load floice navigation. limitation of actions.

CAP XL.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second* intituled An act for discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors t>f lands in the north level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said north level in the debts of the said corporation i and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said north levd$ and for the more efftctual draining and preserving the said north level, and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; so far as the same relates to the several fen lands lying in the second district in the said act described.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

Ad 17 Geo. Tax of ss. 6d. per acre. Tax payable for 14 years. Persons allowed to purchase off the tax of as. 6d. an acre* After expiration of 14 years, of to have power to lay a further tax of 11. 6d. pir acre. Quantities of lands as in former act. Tax of is. 6d for 14 years, veiled in of, in order to pay the debts of the distritt, See. The tax of a s. 6 d. pgr acre to cease if the debts are paid before the said 14 years. Commissioners appointed by the former and this present act to have equal power. Commissioners to take an oath. On default of payment of taxes, of to have power to distrain. Tenant to pay taxes, and deduct the same out of his relit. In case lands are ua ten anted, tax to remain a charge thereon, and to be entered and distrained on at any future time when tenacted. Clanfe for borrowing money* Not to affect the creditors under the former acts. What Turns may be borrowed. Writings may be without stamps. Persons possessed of assign-meots intitled to mortgage monies and interest. Former tax of x s. per acre, and the present tax of^ s. 6d. per acre, subject to debts. Application of the 10001. to be borrowed on the is. per acre, charged by the former act. Proceedings to be entered in books; Orders not to be without notice. Engines and mills to be insured. Mole catching. No houses or buildings to be erefled within 40 poles of the mills or engines. Penalty for offending. Owners to fill up their soak dikes and soak gripples* Commissioners to have power to remove trees or holts already planted* making satisfaction to the owners. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Recital of the manner formerly used in the navigation on the river Nen to the town of Thorney. Duke of Bedford's present powers under this act. Method of throwing water out of Thorney dike. Power of of with respet5lto the water engine at the bottom of Thorney dike. Commissioners to have power to enter on the duke of Bedford's property to work the engines. At what times the mill at the lower end of Thornev dike is not to work for the benefit of the district. The duke if Bedford to have the property of the navigation, so long as he supports the works thereof. Works of the navigation how to be prevented from damage* Conviction of offenders to be drawn up in the following form* Limitation of actions. General issue. Double costs. This act not to alter the former S&, Rights of corporation of Bedford level preserved.

---

58 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41. [1773.

CAP. XLI.

An act for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his musaeum, commonly called Cox's musaeum, by way of chance, in such manner as may be most for the benefit of himself and his creditors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS James Cox of Shoe Lane, in the city of London, Jeweller, hath, in the prosecution of his trade, invented several mechanical pieces of uncommon and expensive workmanship; in the construction of which employment has been afforded to numbers of ingenious and industrious artists and workmen; and many of the said pieces have, for several years past, been disposed of in foreign countries, much to the honour as well as advantage of this kingdom: and whereas the said James Cox hath, with great labour, ingenuity, and expence, contrived and brought to perfection other pieces composing the musaeum, commonly called Cox's musaeum, which were originally intended to be disposed of in the East Indies, as many other pieces of the like kind, invented by the said James Cox, to the amount of near six hundred thousand pounds, have already been: and whereas the said James Cox hath necessarily contracted large debts in completing the said musaeum; and the said musaeum, on account of the great value and price thereof, and also on account of the present distress and scarcity of money in the East Indies, as well as in Europe, cannot easily be disposed of in the common way of sale: and whereas, unless some encouragement under the sanction of parliament be given to the said James Cox, to enable him to dispose of the said musaeum to the best advantage, and by such sale to continue with success, in the course of his trade as a jeweller, his ingenious and useful endeavours, which have, for many years past, found employment for near one thousand workmen and artists, the debts contracted by the said James Cox cannot speedily be discharged, and numbers of artists and workmen will be deprived of employment: in order therefore that this useful branch of trade, brought to so much perfection by the said James Cox, may still be carried on with success, may it please your Majesty, at the humble petition of the said James Cox, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Mr. Cox impowered to dispose of his musaeum.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James Cox, his heirs or assigns, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered, at any time or times before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to sell and dispose of the said musaeum, and the several pieces composing the said musaeum, specified in the schedule to this act annexed, in such manner as the said James Cox, his heirs or assigns, shall think proper, without being liable or subject to any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any act or acts of parliament against any sale or sales by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, numbers, or figures; and that such sale or sales so to be made of the said musaeum, and of the several

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41. 59

pieces composing the same, by the said James Cox, his heirs or assigns, before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be good and valid, any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A SCHEDULE of the pieces already composing, and of other pieces nearly compleated, which are intended to compose the musaeum, commonly called COX's MUSAEUM.

N° 1. A Horse, tent, and pedestal, with chimes and mechanism; eight feet high.

2. A musical chime, with mechanism.

3. ditto.

4. A pair of bulls, with clocks, chimes, mechanism, and pedestal; eight feet high.

5. A camel, with bridge, chime, timepiece, and mechanism.

6. A vase of flowers in jewellery, with timepiece, chime, mechanism, and pedestal; seven feet high.

7. A flag, large as life, with clock, chimes, and mechanism; six feet high.

8. A goat, with chimes and mechanism.

9. A cabinet of gold and agate, with clock, chimes, and mechanism.

10. A rhinoceros, with timepiece, musick, and mechanism.

11. An elephant and silver temple, with musick, mechanism, clock, and pedestal.

12. A large amber vase of flowers, with chimes, mechanism, and pedestal; nine feet high.

13. A gardener's boy and vase, with pine-apple, timepiece, musick, mechanism, and mirrors; fourteen feet high.

14. An eastern sofa of gold, with reflecting mirrors, convex speculums, crimson and gold feats, and splendid ornaments; fourteen feet high.

15. A pair of bulls, with clocks, chimes, mechanism, and pedestal; eight feet high.

16. A goat, with chimes and mechanism.

17. A very large pot of flowers of jewellery, with artificial waterworks, chimes, mechanism, and pedestals; ten feet high.

18. A camel, with bridge, chime, timepiece, and mechanism.

19. A rock, with musical chimes, mechanism, and timepiece.

20. A musical chime, with mechanism.

21. A ditto.

60 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41. [1773.

N° 22. A goat, with chimes and mechanism.

23. An elephant and temple, with musick, mechanism, clock, and pedestal.

24. A cage of singing-birds, with musical chimes, clock, and mechanism, placed in a commode of lapis and gold stone, containing a chime of bells, and fountains of artificial water; ten feet high.

25. A palm tree in a tub of avanturine, hooped with jewellery, filled with mechanism and musical chimes, with serpents issuing from the root twining round the tree, ascending amongst the branches, and disappearing; ten feet high.

26. A musical chime with mechanism.

27. ditto.

28. A vase of flowers in jewellery, with chimes, mechanism, and pedestal.

29. An onyx add gold cabinet, with chimes, timepiece, and mechanism.

30. A rhinoceros and castle, with chimes, timepiece, and mechanism.

31. A musical clock.

32. A flag, large as life, on its back a temple, with a three-faced clock, musick, and mechanism; six feet high.

33. A pair of vases, with girandoles, supported by turtles.

34. A musical chime with mechanism.

35. ditto.

36. A large amber vase of flowers, with chimes, mechanism, and pedestal; nine feet high.

37. A temple of agate, with cascades of artificial water, standing on a rock, surrounded by a double gallery, triumphal chariots moving the rein, with musical chimes, mechanism, and a large animated elephant below the gallery, standing between palm trees, placed at right angles, on an ornamented terras. It terminates with a star, and is ten feet high.

38. A sofa of gold, with reflecting mirrors, convex speculums, crimson and gold seats, and ornaments; twelve feet high.

39. A goat, with musick and mechanism.

40. A musical clock, with mechanism.

41. A gardener's boy, with vase and pine-apple, timepiece, mechanism, and mirrors; ten feet high.

42. A musical chime, with mechanism.

43. ditto.

44. An automaton figure of a chinese, that plays on the flute, with musical chimes and mechanism, upon a commode of lapis and gold stone, which contains an organ, and in front, artificial water-works, with a water-mill and bridge; and terminates with a spiral star; nine feet high.

1773. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 42, 43. 61

N° 45. A bust of her imperial Majesty the empress of Russia, with brilliant ornaments.

46. A pyramid of fountains of artificial water, with ornaments and embellishments of gold and jewellery, dolphins, dragons, tritons, sea nymphs, and ships failing, and water ascending, descending, and running in near three hundred streams; which pyramid is fixed on a pedestal of crystal rocks, sea horses, and other imitations, with ornaments of jewellery, placed with a recess of mirrors, terminating with an irradiating star of near three feet diameter, and fourteen feet high.

47. The chronoscope and obelisk, with pedestal, musical chimes and mechanism, standing within a pavilion of mirrors, with a canopy of red morocco and gold, terminating with a golden eagle; fourteen feet high.

48. A swan, large as life, formed of silver, filled with mechanism, beating time with its beak to musical chimes, seated on artificial water within reflecting mirrors; under the swan are water-works, terminating at the top with a rising sun, upwards of three feet diameter; the whole eighteen feet high.

49. The perpetual motion, being a mechanical, mathematical, and philosophical timepiece.

50. The throne of gold, twenty feet high, with all its decorations, altars, pavilion of velvet, and band of mechanical musick.

CAP. XLII.

An act for amending, lighting, and watching, the highways or roads within the town, village, or chapelry, of Petersham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the several acts of parliament heretofore made concerning the duties and bounties respectively payable on the importation and exportation of corn and grain have greatly tended U the aivancement of tillage and navigation; yet nevertheless, it having been of late years found necessary, on account of the small quantities of corn and grain in hand, and of the shortness of the crops, to suspend the operation of those laws by temporary Statutes, whereby th benefits derived from the said acts of parliament have been, during such emergencies, withheld and suspended: and whereas the regulating the importation and exportation of corn and grain by a permanent law, under such general rules and provisions as might render, for the time to come, such temporary laws unnecessary, would afford encouragement to the farmer, be the means of increasing the growth of that nectssary commodity, and of affording a cheaper and more constant supply to the poor, and preventing abuse in that article of trade; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

6a Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.' [1773.

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, whenever the price of middling British wheat, at the ports and places where wheat shall be imported into this kingdom, shall appear according to the methods directed by the several acts of parliament for ascertaining the rates and prices of corn and grain imported, or as herein after directed by this act to be at or above forty-eight shillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling British rye, pease, or beans, shall in like manner appear respectively to be at or above thirty-two shillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling British barley, beer, or bigg, shall in like manner appear respectively to be at or above twenty-four shillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling British oats shall in like manner appear to be at or above sixteen shillings per quarter, all customs and duties now payable respectively, upon wheat, wheat flour, rye, pease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, and oats, imported into this kingdom, shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable during the respective continuance of such respective prices as aforesaid; and in lieu of the former duties, a duty of only six pence per quarter shall be laid upon all wheat; and a duty of twopence for every hundred weight of wheat flour; and a duty of three-pence per quarter shall be laid respectively upon all rye, pease, and beans; and a duty of two-pence per quarter shall be laid respectively upon all barley, beer, and bigg; and a duty of two-pence per quarter shall be laid upon all oats imported into such ports and places, during the continuance of the prices aforesaid; such duties to be levied, collected, paid, and applied, in the same manner as such former duties were before the making of this act: and such wheat, wheat flour, rye, pease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, may be carried coastwise, and entered or landed in any other ports of this kingdom at which the prices of middling British corn, grain, or flour, are at or above the respective rates aforesaid, and ascertained in manner aforesaid, and in no other, under such regulations as wheat, wheat flour, rye, pease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coafi-wife.

In case wheat,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-wheat flour, said. That in case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, pease, beans, ryC, o<rtedt>C harley, heer, higg, or oats, shall he imported into the ports of when the'du- Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich,

ties not re- Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancaster, Liverpool, Milford, New-pealed shall be castle, New haven, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Tar-ina*' branded Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, or any or

without pay. either of them, at any time when the duties not repealed by this ment of du- ad shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain, or tics s flour respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be

forthwith landed from on board the ship or vessel in which such species of corn, grain, or flour, shall be so imporred, in the pre- 6 fence

63

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.

fence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of the said duties: provided that an exa<ft account be taken of the quantity thereof, and entered in a book, to be kept by the proper officer in the custom-houses of the said ports respectively; and that such corn, grain, or flour, shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the joint locks of the King and the importer or proprietor of such corn, and ware, grain, or flour, in such warehouses as shall be for that purpose house under provided, at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor of Kin* such corn, grain, or flour, with the approbation, and under the and the 1ml care and inspection, of the comirii (Turners of the customs, or porter, any three or more of them, or the colletftor and comptroller of the customs for the port where such corn, grain, or flour, shall be imported, with liberty for the proprietor or his servants to screen, turn, and take such other care of the same, as necessity shall require, in the presence of (bme officer or officers of the customs, to be appointed for that purpose by such of of the customs, or the collector and comptroller of the port; and such com, grain, 'or flour, shall not be delivered or taken out of any such warehouse, but upon the following conditions; that is to say, if such corn* grain, or flour, or any part thereof. Conditions of shall be delivered, in order to be used or consumed in this king- delivery of dom, the person or persons so taking out the same shall first (ucl?corn' pay down, in ready money, such duties as shall at the time of grain> or oun taking out such corn, grain, or flour, be due and payable for the like fort of corn, grain, or flour, imported into the same port; and such corn, grain, or flour, shall be measured out from the dud warehouses, and shall pay the duties by the stricken bushel, and not by the heaped bushel, and shall, in all other respetf s be liable to the same restrictions and regulations as it would have been liable to if the same had not been warehoused in pursuance of this act; and if such corn, grain, or flour, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be delivered or taken out for exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, together with one other sufficient person, to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation, shall enter into bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be then due and payable for such corn, grain, or flour, if the same was consumed in this kingdom, with condition that no part of such corn, grain, or flour, shall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, ^or the islands of Faro or Ferro; which bonds shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon certificate returned under the common seal of the chief magistrate for, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants residing at, the place where such corn, grain, or flour, was landed, or upon proof by credible persons, that such corn, grain, or flour, was taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the respective of of the customs where such bond was given, or any three or more of them; and if the

64

Corn transported from Ireland may be carried back.

Penalty on relanding corn, grain, or flour, lo delivered.

Corn of the species mentioned not to be tran (ported; viz.British wheat, when at 44 s. per quarter$

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. [1773.

said bond shall not be prosecuted within three years, the same shall be void.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the prohibiting such corn, grain, or flour, as hath been, under the permission herein allowed, transported from Ireland into this kingdom, and here warehoused, from being; again carried back to Ireland, subject to the like securities and restrictions in all other repeats as is required upon the exportation of any other foreign com, grain, or flour.

IV. And the better to prevent the relanding of such corn, grain or flour, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such corn, grain, or flour, so delivered as aforesaid for exportation, shall be exported directly from the port where the same was so delivered, and shall not be removed or carried, by land or water, to any other port or place in this kingdom; and if the same shall be (o removed or carried, or relanded, or unshipped to be relanded in this kingdom, over and besides the forfeiture of the bond herein-before mentioned, all such com, grain, or flour, together with the boats, lighters, or any other vessels, horses, carts, or other cattle or carriages, which shall be employed or made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance, of such com, grain, or flour, as also the ship or vessel from which the same shall be unloacted, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be also forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and every person and persons who shall be assistant, or otherwise concerned in such removing or carrying, or the unship-ping or relanding of such corn, grain, or flour, or to whole hands the same shall knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, shall also forfeit treble the value of such corn, grain, or flour; which said penalties and forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in such manner and form, and by such rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures infii&ed for unshipping prohibited or uncustomed goods in this kingdom, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the price of middlingBrfr/# wheat, at any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain from whence the same shall be intended to be exported, shall appear to be at or above the price of forty four shillings per quarter, such price being ascertained in manner aforesaid, no person or persons whatsoever shall, direCHy or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such port or place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such port or place, any wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, or malt, bread, biscuit, or starch, made of wheat: and whenever the price of middling British rye, pease or beans,

at

British rye, pLzfzg or

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. 65

at such port or place, shall appear respectively to be at or above beam, when the price of twenty-eight shillings per quarter, such price being at l8s* P*? ascertained in manner aforesaid, no person or persons whatsoe- ^uaitef ver shall, dire6Uy or indirectly, export, transport carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such port or place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be ex-pwed or carried out of any such port or place, any rye, pease, or beans respectively, ground or unground, or any bread or bif-cuit made of rye, pease, or beans respectively: and whenever the price of middling British barley, beer, or bigg, at such port British barley, or place, shall appear respectively to be at or above the price of beer, or bigg, twenty-two shillings per quarter, such price being ascertained in ^hcn* manner aforesaid, no person or persons whatsoever shall, direct-^<*UI r| ly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such port or place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such port or place, any barley, beer, or bigg, or malt, bread or biscuit made of barley, beer, or bigg respectively: and whenever the price of middling British oats shall appear to be at British oats, or above the price of fourteen shillings per quarter, such price when at 149. being ascertained in manner aforesaid, no person or persons /rr quarter § whatsoever, shall directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any such port or place, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such port or place, any oats or oatmeal, or malt, bread or biscuit made of oats, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say, That under penalty ail and every the said commodities that shall be so export- of forfeiting ed, or so laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel, or the fa, d com' boat, in order to be exported or carried out contrary to this °8 !JJr bushel 2cI, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders of the grain therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel aforesaid; of wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, pease, or beans, barley, beer, or bigg, oats, or oatmeal, or malt, m^de of any of the grains aforesaid, ground or unground, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bread, biscuit, or (larch, as aforesaid, which shall be so exported, or so laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out; and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in which any of the with the ship, said articles herein-before specified shall be exported, or upon ycflel, or boar, which any of the said articles shall be laden or laid, in or- ln wh'ch lhe* der to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, or fur- arc a €0' niture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be^ to the King's majesty, his Vol. XXX. F heirs

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.

[177$.

heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same: and for offences which shall be commit-Penalty how tej in t^at part Gf Great Britain called England, such penalties recoverab e. an(j forfeitures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the judges of assize, or at the great sessions in TValei \ or where the value of such penalties or forfeitures shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same may be recovered by information, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence was committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed: and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same may be recovered by action, or summary bill or information, in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland; or where the value of such penalties or forfeitures shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same may be recovered by summary bill or information, at any general Quarter sessions of the peace, by action in the sheriffs or stewards court of the county, or Aewartry where the offence shall be committed: and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, vessel, or boat, wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and aflitting the reunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such courts respectively, as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

Not to extend

VI. Provided always, That this aCI, or any thing herein con-to the lutten- tained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the said articles herein-before enumerated as shall be necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or

other vessel or vessels, in their respective voyages out and home, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in the same ships or vessels only, and taking their passage in such ships or vessels, or for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or garrisons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. nor to vessel*

VII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-carrying the tained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to iamecoaftmie. or nUt on board any of the articles aforesaid, to be carried coattwile; that is to say, from any port, creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, member, or part of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet, or sufferance for that purpose, or such or the like sufficient security being tirft given for the landing and discharging the same, in some other port, member, creek, or part of the said kingdom, and returning a certificate in six months, as is required by law in cases where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43; 67

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained Articlcswhich shall extend to prohibit the several articles herefn-after express- ported from ed being exported out of and from the respective ports in this p0tts m9Dm kingdom herein after mentioned, and from no other, to the feve- honed. ral places as herein after mentioned, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants thereof, so as the same do not exceed the several quantities respectively limited to those places within twelve calendar months; (that is to say),

From the port of London,

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding two thousand five hundred quarters in the whole.

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding three thousand five hundred quarters in the whole.

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding five hundred quarters in the whole.

To Gibraltar,

V To Mca.

From the 7 To the islands port of Sou- > of GUernj thampton. J and 7<rj

lands f

Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding five thousand quarters in the whole to both places*

If Any quantity of wheat, bar-I ley, oats, meal, or flour, not I exceeding two thousand five To the 7/7/ A hundred quarters in the whole; w J °'< one moiety thereof to be export-ana L.WCT- i*| ed from the said port of White-

foolij I I haven, and the other moiety

I I thereof to be exported from the

J fsaid port of Liverpoole.

So as the exporters, before the shipping thereof, do declare the Security to be island or place for which the said articles are respectively design- taken from the ed, and do become bound to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- or

fors, with one other sufficient security (to be approved by therewaia# collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation), in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said articles so permitted to be exported shall be landed at the respective island or place for Which the same shall be so declared and entered for the use and sustenance of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted; and that a certificate, under the hand and seal of the coHe&or, comptroller, or ocher chief officer of the customs, or if no such, of the naval

F 2 officer,

68 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. [1773.

officer, or same other principal officer of the place where the same shall be landed, shall, within twelve calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing such commodities in Gibraltar or Afmorcay and within eighteen calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing such commodities in Saint Heltnay and within (ix calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing such commodities in the islands of Guernsey, Jerfej/y or Many (the danger of the seas excepted), be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the place for which the same shall have been so declared and entered; and for the taking such security, and giving such certificate, (which the respective officers are hereby required on demand to give), no fee or reward shall be demanded or received: and if any officer shall make Penalty on any cerl*ficate of any such commodities being so landed, making a false such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and certificate. lose his employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office relating to the customs: and if any person shall counterfeit, erase, or falsify any certificate, directed or required by this act, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, erased, or false certificate, he mall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and such certificate shall be void and of no effect: which said penalties, for offences committed in Great Britain, shall be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflilted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in any other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europty shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective dominions, and shall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer 5 and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

Beans may be

IX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-exported to tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, Africa. cattles, or faltories, in Africa, or for the use of the ships trading upon that coast that have been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain, or to prohibit the committee of the company of merchants trading to Africdy from exporting annually any quantity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters, or any quantity of bread or biscuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in the whole of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and biscuit together, to the British forts, castles, or faltories in Af- tiedy for the support of the persons residing the re, so as the exporter of such articles aforesaid to such forts, castles, or faltories aforesaid, doth, before the shipping thereof, enter into such or the like bond or bonds as are herein-before directed to be entered into by the exporters from the port of London to the island of Saint Helenay of the particular species and quantity of corn, grain, or flour, allowed by this act to be exported to that istand. Not to prohi- X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

bit grain herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to pro-hom being 6 hi5it

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. 69

hibit corn, grain, or flour, from being exported from Great exported to Britain to the kingdom of Ireland, during such time, and so Ireland, long as any general prohibition of, or embargo on, the exportation of corn, grain, or flour, shall be in force in that kingdom, but that it shall and may b$ lawful, during the time that such prohibition or embargo shall be in force in that kingdom, to export corn, grain, or flour, from Great Britain to Ireland\ so as the exporters of all such corn, grain, or flour, from Great Britain do, before the shipping thereof, declare, that all such corn, grain, or flour, is intended to be imported into Ireland, and also do become bound to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the like bond or bonds as are by this act directed to be entered into by the exporters of corn, grain, or flour, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, under condition of returning, in the like time, certificates under the hands and seals of the collector, comptroller, and surveyor of the customs, or of any two of them, in such port or ports where such corn, grain, or flour, shall be landed, of such corn, grain, or flour, being landed in Ireland, as are hereby directed to be returned with respect to the landing of corn, grain, or flour, in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man; and that all persons who shall, within the kingdom of Ireland, counterfeit, erase, or falsify, any certificate directed or required by this act, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, erased, or false certificate, shall be liable to all the like penalties and forfeitures as persons committing the like offences are liable to in Great Britain; which said penalties for offences so committed in Ireland shall be recovered in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, and shall be divided between his Majesty and the informer, in like manner as is herein-before directed, so as the said bonds be prosecuted within the like time as is herein-before directed for the prosecution of bonds of the like nature.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- After Janu-said. That from and after the first day of January^ one thousand ary/*, 774# seven hundred and seventy-four, the several bounties which are

J 7.e r _ on gjrain are

now allowed by law upon the exportation of any sort of corn or to determine grain, ground or unground, shall cease and determine, and in- and and stead and in lieu thereof, when the prices of the coin or grain the bounties herein after mentioned, (the same being ascertained, according to the methods directed by the several acts of parliament for P ascertaining the rates and prices of corn and grain imported, or'as herein after directed by this act, } shall appear to be under the rates herein after respectively mentioned, at the ports or places in this kingdom from whence the same shall be exported, there shall be allowed upon the exportation of such corn or grain, either ground or unground, being the growth and product of this kingdom, and put on board in British shipping, the matter and at lead two thirds of the mariners of such ship being his Majesty's subjects, the following bounties; that is to say, when the price of middling British wheat shall be under forty-four shillings per quarter, there shall be allowed a bounty of five shillings for every quarter of wheat, and five shillings for every

jo Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. [1773.

quarter of malt made of wheat j when the price of middling British rye shall be under twenty-eight shillings per quarter* there shall be allowed a bounty of three shillings for every quarter of rye; when the price of middling British barley, beer* or bigg, shall be under twenty-two shillings per quarter, there shall be allowed a bounty of two shillings and six-pence for every quarter of barley, beer, or bigg, and two shillings and six-pence for every quarter of malt piade of barley, beer, or bigg j and when the price of middling British oats shall be under fourteen shillings per quarter, there shall be allowed a bounty of two shillings for every quarter of oats, and two shillings and six-pence for every quarter of oat-mea], computed at the rate of two hundred and seventy-six pounds averdupois to the quarter 5 which said respective bounties shall be paid and allowed in all other respeils not altered by this ail, by the same rules and regulations, and subject to the same securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the former bounties on corn or grain exported were paid and allowed, and were subject and liable to* in as full and ample manner as if the several claufps relating thereto were again repeated and enacted in this present ail.

Not to prohi-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-h*h P<h n h ^onty aforesaid, That if any person shall have entered out-entered the* 'vafds any of the articles herein-before mentioned, and shall above articles have begun to ship or lay the same on board, during the time when the that the prices of middling British cprn in this kingdom shall P^cs ^'1 be bc under the rates herein-before respectively specified, such per-rate^men- ^on not prohibited from exporting the said articles actioned, from tually so shipped or laden on board, or so much of the said exporting the articles expressed in such entry as shall be so shipped or laden or* same, board, within twenty days from the entry thereof, at the custom-house for exportation, nor from receiving the bounty by this ail granted thereon; any thing in this ail contained to the contrary notwithstanding, although the pricey of corn in this jpngdom may have arisen above? the rates herein before respectively specified, after such articles shall have been shipped, and before the exportation thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any corn* ir a am cx 8rain> or A°ur> for which the duties hereby granted have been ^rtc^withia P31C^ shall at any time or tinges be again exported by any mer-six months, chant or merchants within six calendar months from the impor-the duty to be tation thereof, the duty by this ail granted, and which shall drawu back j^ye been ailually paid for such corn, grain, or flour, shall, anq repai.Without any delay or reward, be drawn back, and repaid unto such merchant or merchants who shall export the same to any place where a drawback is allowed on the exportation of any foreign goods from this kingdom by any ail or acts of parliament now in force, and to no other: and such drawback shall, in all other rpfpeils, be paid and allowed, under the like restrictions, rules, and regulations, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures, as the drawback upon foreign goods exported is subject and liable to.

Any corn for Which duty fta» bfru paid, if 3gain ex

7r

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.

XIV. And whereas the modes directed by the several acts of parliament for ofcertaining the rotes and prices of corn and grain in England, for regulating the duties payable for corn and grain imported into England, cannot eastly, and with certainty, be carried into execution in Scotland: and whereas by the ninth aft, passed in the Recital of parliament of Scotland, bolden by her late majesty jjpueen Anne, in^th* the year one thousand seven hundred and three intituled An act discharging importation of Irish victual, beef, and cattle, theim- 9*9 pertation of victual from Ireland, or any other places beyond the fcas into Scotland, was refrained \and prohibited, under several penalties contained in the said act, and in other acts of the parliament of Scotland therein referred to \ but with this proviso, That when, by reason of dearth, the prices of victual Should exceed the rates specified in the said act, the lords of her Majesty's privy council of Scotland Should have power, after due trial by them taken of the prices of victual, to suspend and discharge the execution of the said prohibitory acts for such jpace of time as the exigence of the dearth Should require: and Act 6. treaty whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of union, it is provided that the prohibition, as then in force by the law of Scotland against the importation of victual from Ireland, or any other place beyond the seas, into Scotland, Should, after the union, remain in the same force as it then was, until more proper and effectual ways Should be provided by the parliament of Great Britain for discouraging the importation of the said victual from beyond the sea: and whereas by an act, aft 14 passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty George co*the Second, intituled An act for licensing the importation of victual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the seas, into Scotland, in rime of dearth and scarcity, the power of suspending and discharging the execution of the said prohibitory laws, which was before vejled in the lords of the privy council, by the said act of her late majesty Sjueen Anne, passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and three, in the parliament of Scotland, was thereby vejled in the judges of the court of session, justiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland; and it is declared, that any nine of them, in time of session, and any five of them, in time of vacanoe, upon the petition of any person or persons deftrous to import victual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the fees, into Scotland, are authorised and required to examine, inquire into, and determine the common market prices of middling corn and grain, as the same shall and may be commonly bought in the county and city i/* Edinburgh, and to fix and ascertain the same by a proper aft or determination, to be published and made known in the manner therein directed, and if the said act and determination shall ascertain the current prices of victual in the city and county of Edinburgh to exceed the rates and prices specified in the said act, it is declared to be a sufficient warrant to the collector and other officers of the several ports in Scotland to allow victual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the seas, to be entered, un/bipped, and landed, upon payment of the duties charged and directed to be paid upon foreign corn imported in and by an act passed in the twenty-second year of his late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An act for the improvement of tillage and the hreed of cattle > which duties are to be collected and

F 4 paid

7a

Mode of ascertaining prices of victual by the last mentioned act to cease;

and market prices of corn, &c. to be examined and fifctd by ihei iffs and Reward deputes

who are to transmit copies of their determinations to the collector at the ports.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43. [1773.

paid according to the rates and prices to be ascertained and determined by the said judges, in pursuance of the said act passed in the fourteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second; and the judges are likewise authorised and required to determine and ascertain the prices of victuaU when they do not exceed the rates and prices specified in tbf said act, so that the aforesaid prohibitory laws may thereupon be revived, to prevent further importation of victual from Ireland, or other parts bey 2nd the seas: and whereas the mode of ascertaining the prices by the said act for permitting the importation of victual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the feasy has been found to be attended with great inconvenience, and is inconsistent with the principle of this act, in making the prices of corn and grain at the ports and places of importation and exportation to regulate the prohibitions, bounties, and duties, at such respective ports and places: for remedy hereof and for rendering this act more easy to be executed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this act, the mode of ascertaining the prices of victual prescribed by the aforesaid a<S, passed in the fourteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and the powers verted in the judges or the courts of fertion, judiciary, and exchequer, for that purpose shall cease and determine; and that thereafter the sheriff or Heward-de-putes of the several shires and stewartries in Scotland, within which there are ports and places for the importation and exportation of goods and merchandise, or their substitutes, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, four times in every year; that is to say, upon the first day of November, first day of February, first day of May % and first day of August, or-as soon after these days as may be, to summon and convene before them two or more honest and substantial persons of their respectivq counties or stewartries, not being corn merchants nor fatfors for corn, nor any way interested or concerned in any corn to be imported, and being skilful in the prices of corn; and upon the oaths of such two or more persons, which oaths the said sheriff or steward-deputes, or their substitutes respectively, are hereby impowered to administer, and by such other ways and means as to them shall seem proper and necessary, to examine, inquire into, and determine the common market prices of middling British corn and grain, and oatmeal, as the same shall and may be commonly bought in their respective counties or stewartries, and to fix and ascertain the same, by proper acts or determinations to be subscribed by them respectively; and thereafter, without delay, to transmit their respective acts or determinations to the collector or chief officer of every port within their respective counties or stewartries, and the collector or chief officer of the several ports, to whom such acts or determinations shall be transmitted are hereby ordered and required to hang up the same iq some publick place in the custom-house of the respective ports, to which all persons may resort for their information, there tq remain until a succeeding act and determination shall be transmitted to be hung up in its place, and to transmit a copy there-

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43*73

of to the commissioners of the customs at Edinburgh, and the prices so ascertained shall regulate the prohibitions in this act, and the duties and bounties upon the importation and exportation of all corn and grain imported into or exported from the several counties in Scotland, where the prices are ascertained in manner before directed; and every ad and determination shall remain in force for that purpose, until a subsequent ad or determination shall be transmitted to supply its place; and the sheriffs or stewards, who shall fix and ascertain the prices of middling British com and oatmeal in manner before directed, are hereby ordered and required to cause preserve, as matter of record of their respective courts the evidence upon which their acts or determinations of the prices are founded $ and the clerks of their respective courts are hereby ordered and required to give extrads of the evidence to all persons calling for the same, upon receiving payment of the usual fees exigible for extrads of judicial proceedings.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, When the That from and after the commencement of this act, all oatmeal Price does n<* imported from Ireland, or from any other part beyond the seas,

into any port or place in Scotland, where the price of oatmeal, from " ascertained in the manner before directed, does not exceed fix- Ireland, &c. teen shillings per boll, weighing eight done troys, as also the Jjjth the '"cf-ship or vessel in which such oatmeal shall be imported, together* for* with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and every person and persons who shall be aiding and assisting in the un(nipping of such oatmeal, or to whole hands the same shall knowingly come, after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of such oatmeal; and which said forfeitures and penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and divided in such manner and form, and by such rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures infii&ed for unshipping prohibited and unaccufiomed goods in this kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

XVI. Provided always, That from and after the commence- When oat-meat of this act, it shall be lawful to import oatmeal from Ire- meal does land, or from any other part beyond the seas, into any port or beira-place in Scotland^ where the price of oatmeal ascertained in man- poeS. 1 net directed by this act does exceed the price of sixteen shillings

fer boll, weighing eight done troys.

---

74 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. [1773.

CAP. XLIV.

An act act to allow a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; to increase the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the India Company's sales; and to impower the commissioners of the treasury to grant licences to the East India Company to export tea duty-free.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for granting a drawback of part of the customs upon the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the British dominions in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of British-made cordage; for allowing the importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports of Bristol, Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impower the chief magistrate of any corporation to administer the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been sent into the country for sale;) it is amongst other things, enacted, That for and during the space of five years, to be computed from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all teas which shall be sold after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at the publick sale of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or which after that time shall be imported, by licence, in pursuance of the said therein and herein after mentioned act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and which shall be exported from this kingdom, as merchandise, to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, three-fifth parts of the several duties of customs which were paid upon the importation of such teas; which drawback or allowance, with respect to such teas as shall be exported to Ireland, shall be made to the exporter, in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance was then payable, out of the duty of customs upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland; and with respect to such teas as shall be exported to the British colonies and plantations in America, the said drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance payable out of the duty of customs upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was could, or might be made, before the passing of the said act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, (except in such cases as are otherwise therein provided for:) and whereas it may tend to the benefit and advantage of the trade of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the allowance of the drawback of the duties of customs upon all teas sold at the publick sales of the said united company, after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 75

and seventy-three, and which shall be exported from this kingdom, as merchandise, to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, were to extend to the whole of the said duties of customs payable upon the importation of such teas; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[After May 10, 1773, on all teas sold at publick sale, or imported by licences, and afterwards exported as merchandise to America, the whole duties of customs to be drawn back.]

That there shall be drawn back and allowed for all teas, which, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, shall be sold at the publick sales of the said united company, or which shall be imported by licence, in pursuance of the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and which shall, at any time hereafter, be exported from this kingdom, as merchandise, to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, the whole of the duties of customs payable upon the importation of such teas; which drawback or allowance shall be made to the exporter in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, and securities, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures, as the former drawback or allowance granted by the said recited act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, upon tea exported to the said British colonies and plantations in America was, might, or could be made, and was subject to by the said recited act, or any other act of parliament now in force, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses relative thereto were again repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

[Act 18 Geo. 2. recited.]

II. And whereas by one other act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea sold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another,) it is, amongst other things, enacted, That every person who shall, at any publick sale of tea made by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be declared to be the best bidder for any lot or lots of tea, shall, within three days after being so declared the best bidder or bidders for the same, deposit with the said united company, or such clerk or officer as the said company shall appoint to receive the same, forty shillings for every tub and for every chest of tea; and in case any such person or persons shall refuse or neglect to make such deposit within the time before limited, he, she, or they, shall forfeit and lose six times the value of such deposit directed to be made as aforesaid, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety of which forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person as shall sue or prosecute for the same; and the sale

76 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. [1773.

of all teas, for which such deposit shall be neglected to be made as aforesaid, is thereby declared to be null and void, and such teas shall be again put up by the said united company to publick sale, within fourteen days after the end of the sale of teas at which such teas were sold; and all and every buyer or buyers, who shall have neglected to make such deposit as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are thereby rendered incapable of bidding for or buying any teas at any future publick sale of the said united company: and whereas it is found to be expedient and necessary to increase the deposit to be made by any bidder or bidders for any lot or lots of bohea teas, at the publick sales of teas to be made by the said united company;

[Every person, after May 10, 1773, who shall be declared the highest bidder at any publick sale, shall deposit with the company 4l. for every tub or chest of bohea tea.]

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall, after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, at any publick sale of tea to be made by the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be declared to be the best bidder or bidders for any lot or lots of bohea tea, shall, within three days after being so declared the best bidder or bidders for the same, deposit with the said united company, or such clerk or officer as the said united company shall appoint to receive the same, four pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every tub and for every chest of bohea tea, under the same terms and conditions, and subject to the same forfeitures, penalties, and regulations, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty.

[Commissioners of the treasury may grant licence to the East India Company to export to America any quantity of tea they shall think proper, without penalty.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or for the high treasurer for the time being, upon application made to them by the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for that purpose, to grant a licence or licences to the said united company, to take out of their warehouses, without the same having been put up to sale, and to export to any of the British plantations in America, or to any parts beyond the seas, such quantity or quantities of tea as the said commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall think proper and expedient, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture for so doing; any thing in the said in part recited act, or any other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act Will. 3. recited.]

IV. And whereas by an act made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, (intituled An act for raising a sum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund, for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum; and for settling the trade to the East Indies,) and by several other acts of parliament which are now in force, the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies are obliged to give security, under their common seal, for payment of the duties of customs upon all unrated goods imported by them, so soon as the same shall be sold; and for exposing such goods to sale, openly and fairly, by way of auction, or by inch of candle, within the space of three years from the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 77

importation thereof: and whereas it is expedient that some provision should be made to permit the said company, in certain cases, to export tea, on their own account, to the British plantations in America, or to foreign parts, without exposing such tea, to sale here, or being charged with the payment of any duty for the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Treasury may grant licence to the company for any quantity of tea to be exported to America, discharged of customs.]

That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, to grant a licence or quantity of licences to the said united company, to take out of their warehouses such quantity or quantities of tea as the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall think proper, without the same having been exposed to sale in this kingdom; and to export such tea to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, or to foreign parts, discharged from the payment of any customs or duties whatsoever; any thing in the said recited act, or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Entry to be made of all tea exported by licence, and shipped by the proper officer; and such tea is liable to the same rules, penalties, &c. not hereby altered, as before passing this act.]

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made at the custom-house of all such tea so exported by licence, as aforesaid, expressing the quantities thereof, at what time imported, and by what ship; and such tea shall be shipped for exportation by the proper officer for that purpose, and shall, in all other respects, not altered by this act, be liable to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as tea exported to the like places was liable to before the passing this act:

[Officer's and collector's duty on exportation.]

and upon the proper officer's duty, certifying the shipping of such tea to the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs for the port of London, upon the back of the licence, and the exportation thereof, verified by the oath of the husband or agent for the said united company, to be wrote at the bottom of such certificate, and sworn before the said collector and comptroller of the customs, (which oath they are hereby impowered to administer,) it shall and may be lawful for such collector and comptroller to write off and discharge the quantity of tea so exported from the warrant of the respective ship in which such tea was imported.

[No licence to be granted, unless ten millions lb. wt. of tea be left in the warehouses.]

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no such licence shall be granted, unless it shall first be made to appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, that at the time of taking out such teas, for the exportation of which licence or licences shall be granted, there will be left remaining in the warehouses of the said united company, a quantity of tea not less than ten millions of pounds weight; any thing herein, or in any other act of parliament, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

78 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45. [1773.

CAP. XLV.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the south level, part of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old rivers or drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain level or district called Feltwell New District, and the hard lands of Woodhall in Helgay, and Helgay, in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

---

[Preamble.]

General district. First district. Second district. How the waters are to be conveyed to the sea. Commissioners for the districts. First of for Hock wold with Wilton, Feltwell Saint Mary, &c. Persons nominated to be joined with former of, &c. Owners of 10 acres of land to appoint of for the second district. Certificate of such eieftion. In case of no election, the first of to continue. Owner of 100 acres may appoint acommissioner in case he acts himself; but if he does not may appoint two. Persons not to act as commissioners, unless they have 16 acres. Trusteea and committees for minors, lunaticks, and idiots, to (it, vote, and aft, as of Joint tenants, &c. to act as of No persons bolding places of profit, to act as of Times and places of meeting of commissioners. Expences ascertained to be allowed at the general and other meetings of the of Commissioners may bring actions in the name of their treasurer, &c. Commissioners for the two a ill rifts to meet twice a year, for the purpose of directing the joint works. Commissioners may elect officers, and appoint their salaries. Treasurer to give security. Commissioners annually to inspect receipts and diffiurfements, and settle accounts. Treasurers, collectors, &c. to attend with their books, and verify on oath, if required. Accounts to be entered in two books, and where to be deposited. Manner and time when officers are to give in their accounts. Balance (if any) to be paid to the of, or their order. Works to be done in the first and second district. Power to contract for repairs. Commissioners to have power to erect Haunches to keep up a head of water. Commissioners to make satisfaction to the owners of the foil for damages. Justices tx> determine differences. The banks of Stoke River, deemed to belong to Mr. Joddrel, to be supported by the present lessee, &c. Methwold Load with the south bank thereof, to be scoured, Sec. at the costs of the lessee. Owners of Methwold Se-verals to repair the tunnel in Broad Fen Load. No mills to throw water into any river, &c. except Brandon and Stoke riven. Mr. Pepper Manky's right reserved. Sam's Cut and Hunt's Sluice to be secured and re^ paired at the joint costs of the two districts. Saving clause respecting & certain drain and sluice. Commissioners of first district impowered to assess land owners in said district. Exceptions. Commissioners of the second district ijnpowered to assess land owners in said district. Exceptions. Exemption of high lands. Method of determining disputes with respect? to high lands. On default of payment of taxes $ Commissioners to have power to distrain. Exception. On neglect to make the bank of to order the tunnel to be pulled up. A survey to be made of the taxable lands in each district, on the oath of the surveyor. Persons aggrieved may have resurvey. Hock wold with Wilton's poor's thirty acres, exempted from any tax. In case of default of payment of rates, ai days notice to be given before the day of payment. Tenants to pay the tax* and deduct the same out of their relit. Lands untenacted to be charged with rates. Commissioners may let lands unoccupied to pay the rates. Commissioners of the first district impowered to borrow money. Commissioners of the second district impowered to borrow money. Money borrowed to be distinguished for which district. The sum of 1000l. may be borrowed on the credit of the taxes of the first district, and no more than 30C0l. on the taxes of the second district. Securities to be assignable by indorsement, &c. 28. 6d. to be paid for entry. Taxes chargeable with the monies borrowed. Application of money within the two districts. Lessees of Methwold Severals, in consideration of paying no tax, to support the bank of the river Stoke. In case of the banks of Stoke Kiver, be neglected, the officers, io authorised, to repair the bank.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45. 79

lop the breaches, &c. shall be reimfeurfed their expences by the kffees. Commissioners refuting to repair Sams's Cut and Hunt s Sluice, Settees of Methwold Several* impowered to authorise the surveyor of the fi. ft ddh id tb repair the same, and the expence to be borne by the said commissionerg.

[Proviso.]

[Publick act.]

[Double costs.]

[General issue.]

In case of non-payment, on application to a justice, the money to be levied by distress. Commissioners of the two distncls impowered to ered two mills at the west end of Sams's Cut, See. Commissioners of the fecotid district roav ered a mill at the west end of Sams's Cut, for the benefit of said district, under certain limitations. Commissioners of Feltwell new dittrift to pay a proportionable part for the repair of Sams's Cut. How of may recover money unpaid. Fen reeves of Methwold Common to raise money to repair the bank against Methwold Common. If fen reeves neglect to repair the bank, itffees of Several* may do it. Lands of Mr. Tokelove, Sec. may be drained by the mill erected by the leafrs of the Several*. Mr. Annesley, Mr. Green and others, to make tunnels next Sams's Cut. Owners of Flegg Fen to support the south bank of Stoke River. In case the banks of Stoke River by Flegg Fen are neglected, method of compulsion. Distress on nonpayment. Tenants repairing the bank may deduct the expence out of their relit. Leffeea of Methwold Severals to ered one engine for throwing water into Stoke River. Railages may be made across any bank that may be made in Methwold Severals* In case the of of the second district neglect to repair Wilton Load, and Brandon River, of may compel. Earth may be taken from commons, &c. gratis. Exceptions. To prevent cutting earth from Northclood, but at particular times. No earth to be taken from the lands of Mr. Manby. Commissioners may act as justices. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reversed, but at a meeting for that purpose. Felony on burning of mills, Sec. Penalty on destroying the works. Mole catching. Penalty on persons burning banks, xo s. penalty on persons driving carriages on the banks. Penalty of 501. on persons discharging the water upon other persons lands. Penalty of 5 1. on pei Tons catting hods. Sec. near the banks; and 51. penalty on persons cutting watering places for cattle to drink. No buildings to be built near the mills. Penalty. Trees now growing, &c. may be removed. Dikes; &c. to be scoured. Mills to be injured. Justices to administer oaths. Form of con v id ion. Con visions not removeable. If plaintiff recover, to have full costs. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender made. How penalties may be levied. Writings to be without stamps. Lands dug into turf pools, &c. exempted for 7 years, unless occupied, See, and then to pay one half rates. Exemption. To prevent cutting of firing. Commissioners may ered stiles. See. To prevent haling of boats along die banks, Sec. Penalty* The of of Feltwell district to repair Cross Bank, Scc. On neg-led of maintaining the said bank, distress on owners for nonpayment. Distiefs not unlawful for want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next session. Justices to determine differences. Proceedings not to be ouafbed for want of form. The expences of the act to be paid out of the nrft monies. Commissioners for widening the river Wiffey, and making a bank against the lands in Fordham. Who may be of for the C3re of the river Wiffey in case of death, &c. Commissioners may appoint deputes. Form of appointment. No more than one person for the lordship of Fordham, &c. to act for the care of the river. Time, and place where the of are to meet. Commissioners of Stoke Ri ver neg-leding to meet, or to adjourn, how the next meeting may be called* Commissioners to cause a proper bank to be built. Commissioners to cause Helgav bridge to be enlarged. By whom the expences of the work shall be paid. Commissioners to advance 4001. for carrying on the works. Persons contributing towards the works impowered to apply the money fbrtbofe purposes. For enforcing the payment of the (eveial proportions of money to be paid. No more than one mill and one gigg to drain into Stoke River. Commissioners for draining mall not interfere with the commissioners for widening Stoke River Saving clause to the corporation of Bedford Level. Limitation of actions.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 46, 47. [1773.

CAP. XLVI.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

An act for the more effectual draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon. Appointment of of Deputies may be appointed to ad in their absence. Owners of 50 acres to appoint a commissioner. If owner of 50 acres be a minor, such minor or his guardian to appoint a commissioner during his minority. Joint owners map be commiloners, and may appoint deputies. Proceedings to be entered in books. Meetings of of Commissioners may adjourn. Commissioners may act as justices. No order to be valid, unless by order of the of Commissioners to make drains. Sec. making reasonable satisfaction to proprietors of foil. Mustard Seed Close to remain a common drain. Commissioners may make contracts. Commissioners impowered to drain other lands. Officers to be appointed by the of Taxes to be charged by the of Surveyors appointed to view the present works. Additional taxes in Hog Fen, and Lord's Fen. Owners to give in the quantities of their lands. Commissioners to borrow money. Application of the money. No assignment shall be made for more than too ! Assignments may be transferred. Commissioners may lend money. Taxes to vefl in creditors. Power to distrain. Penalty on nonpayment of taxes. Commissioners may enter on and hold premises m case of nonpayment of taxes within 6 months. High lands exempted from payment of taxes. Persons'appointed to ascertain high lands. Award to be made in six months. On death of the above surveyors, others to be chosen. If persons appointed do not make their award in six months, others to be appointed. The oath following to be taken. Soke dikes to be made. Land may be purchased for getting materials. Surveyors may dig gravel, See. making satisfaction to the owners. Justices to determine differences. Commissioners to settle accounts. Officers to account upon oath. Proceedings of of to be entered in books, &c, No order of of to be reversed without 14 days notice. Penalty on destroying works, felony} and on damaging works, not exceeding 501. Commissioners may make allowances for catching moles, Sec. How persons burning banks are to be punished. Persons discharging water through the lands of other persons to forfeit 501. Penalty on persons destroying the grounds by cutting of firing. Penalty on turning hogs on the banks. Persons cutting ditenes. See. within a certain distance o? any bank to forfeit 51. No houses, &c. to be built near mills. Commissioners may cut down trees growing near the mills. Fen lands, Sec. to be assessed to poor rates. Justices to administer oaths. Owner or occupier to cleanse dikes. Commissioners to have no power upon The Twelve Foot Drain. Road to be made in Hog Fen. Mills to be insured. Writings to be without stamps. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next session. Justices to determine differences. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Saving clause to the corporation of Bedford Level. Thia aft not to prevent tife navigation in The Yard's End Dike and Load* Limitation of actions.

CAP. XLVII.

[Preamble.]

An act to enable the right honourable Sackville earl of Thanet to make a navigable cut or canal from a place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle, in the county of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable canal from Leeds to Liverpoole, in a close called Hebble End Clole, in the township of Skipton, in the said county of York. The earl of Thanet impowered to complete a navigable cut near Skipton Castle. Trustees of the grammar school at Skipton may fell part of Hebble End Close. All sums arising from the purchase of Hebble End Close to be laid out in the purchase of other lands. Arbitrators relative to the prices in money to be paid by earl of Thanet. The earl to erect and maintain flop gates. Persons damaging the works to be adjudged guilty of felony. Persons throwing ballad or jubbish into the canal

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48, — 57. 81

[Publick act.]

aal or trench*, to sortit $1. The works not to be fobjtd to the cojjaoul* ot commissioners of fewer#. Limitation of actions* General Issue. Tie* ble cods.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual two acts, made, one in the eighth and the other in the tenth vear of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, re* pawing, cleaning* and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary fe Bone, in the count/ of Msddksex, and for other purposes in the said acts men* turned.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for more effectually executing an act passed hi the twenty-seventh year of King George the fecund, for draining and preserving the lands tn the North Level, part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the fourth <Hfh-id of the £rid North Level.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Additional tax of i s pit acre. Assessments to be ascertained attording to former surveys, CommHBonert to the former act to be coqimitoers to this act. CommifTiantrs to take the oath prescribed by the former act. The duke of Bedford's devi fees may agree for aflikieg die commissioners in draining the fourth district. Tenants to pay the additional tax, and may dedud the same out of their rents. Leflecs to ecclesiastical bodies or rations not intitled to dedud the rates. Rates and taxes may be recovered by distress. Unoccupied preadfes to remain liable..CoomifEonars impowcced to borrow money, and may mortgage the rates as a security. Copies of mortgages to be entered in a book, and may be transferred. Creditors deemed equal in degree. Rates to be liatfe to pay the money (o borrowed. This act not to prejudice the mortgages on the former act. Writings may be without stampe. Commt£> boners to appoint clerks, &c. Receivers to give tiecority and to aoooount s on refafal or neglect to account, may be committed by a justice. Rates to be entered in books, and accounts of receipts and disbursements. Proceedings to be entered in books. Saving the right! of the company of conformant. Not to alter the powers of the former act. Limitation of actions.

CAP. L.

An act for better regulating the poor, and repairing the highways within the town and county of the town of Southampton.

CAP. LI.

An act to discourage the practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious suits in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, in causes of action arising within the dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, to the intolerable vexation and charge of his Majesty's subjects in the dominion of Wales, hath been

the practice to commence trifling and frivolous suits in the courts at Westminster, upon causes of action arising within the said dominion of Wales; in order that the same may be tried in the nearest a'joining English county to that part of the dominion Wales in which the canfeof action has arisen, to diflourage the like practices for the future; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority.

mages to the amount ot jol. j

_tt Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5K [1773.

After J*rt. t. thority of the same, That from and after the first day of Janua-th741° one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in case the

inanyapertbo. Pontiff, n any action upon the case, for words, aSioa of debt, al action, &c. trespass on the case, assault and battery, or other personal ac-where the tien* Wheffc the £ause of such action shall arise within the do-

caTfe- minion of Wales % and which shall be tried at the affixes, at the

and Che tried*' ncarcft ^tjglish county to that part of the said dominion of Wales at the next in which the cause of action shall be laid to arise, shall not re-

Englifti coun- cover, by verdictt, a debt or damages to the amount of ten ty to that do. pounds.; n such case, if the judge, who tried the cause on evi-notrTCover by l*ence appearing before him shall certify on the bock of the rc-verdict, da- 7 cord of Nisi Prius, that the defendant or defendants was or were resident in the dominion of Wales at the time of the service of the writ, or other mesne process served on him, her, or them, in such action, on such fa& being suggested on 4he record or judgement roll, a judgement of nonsuit shall be entered against the defendant the plaintiff, and such defendant or defendants shall be intitled -shall be intit- to, and have like judgement and remedy thereon, to recover led to judge- such and the like costs, against the plaintiff or plaintiffs in cve-medy thereon,7 a<^'on> as if a verdict had been given by the jury for

if resident in the defendant or defendants, unless the judge, before whom Walts at the such cause shall be tried, shall certify, on the back of the record, time of the that tjje freehold or title of the land mentioned in the plaintiff's writTfrc. in"* declaration was chiefly in question, or that such cause was profiled action. per to be tried in such-English county.

II. And in order to prevent transitory atlicns, where the cause of actions does not amount to ten pounds, anting within the principality of Wales, from being brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record out of the said principality, be it further enacted, That in all transitory actions arising within the said principality, which from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, shall be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record out of the said principality of Wales, and the venue U^ur^oV t*ierc*n* in any county or place out of the said prin-mountto^oU cipality, and the debt or damages found by the jury shall not a judgement amount to the sum of ten pounds, and it mall appear upon the to be entered evidence given on the trial of the said cause, that the cause of thereon, awl action arofc in the said principality of Wales % and that the depay ^costs of ° Cendant or defendants were resident in the dominion of Wales at luit. the time of the service of any writ, or other mesne process served on him, her, or them, in such action, and it shall be so certified, under the hand of the judge who tried such cause, upon the back of the record of Nisi Prius, (on such fatfts being fug-eefled on the record or judgement roll), a judgement or nonsuit shall be entered thereon against the plaintiff, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall pay to the defendant or defendants, in such action, his or their costs of suit*and the defendant and defendants shall have like remedy to recover the same as in the case of a verdict given for the defendant or defendants in such action; and, in the taxation of all costs allowed and given to the defendant or defendants by and in purfu*nc$o£thj$a<ft, the a proper

In all actions within Wale* which shall be brought in courts ot le-cord out of the said principality, and the debt shall

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5l. S3

proper officer shall allow to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, out of the defendant's costs, the full sum given by the verdict to the plaintiff or plaintiffs for his or their debt or damagesj and, although no judgement shall be entered for the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon such verdict, yet nevertheless such verdictt, without any judgement entered thereon, shall be an effectual bar to any act ion or actions commenced by the plaintiff or plaintiffs for the same.

III. And whir fas by an act, made in the thirty-fourth and Act 54. Sc 35 thirty-fifth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Henry the Henry 8. Eighth, intituled An act for certain ordinances in the King's dominion and principality of Wales, it is {amongst other things} enacted, That there shall be holden and kept sessions, twice in every year, in every of the shires of the said dominion and principality of Wales, the which sessions shall be called The King's Great Sessions in Wales; and that the justice of Chester shall hold and keep sessions, twice in every

Jear, in the shires of Denbigh, Flint, and Montgomery: and kewife that the justice of North Wales shall hold and keep sessions, twice in every year, in the shires of Caernarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesey; and also that one person, learned in the laws of this realm, by the King's majesty to be named and appointed, shall be justice of the shires of Radnor, Brecknock, and Glamorgan; and shall likewise hold and keep sessions, twice in every year, in every of the same shires j and likewise that one other person, learned in the laws of this realm, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be justice of the shires of Caermarthen,

Pembroke, and Cardigan, and shall in like wife hold and keep sessions, twice in every year, in every of the same shires \ and that the said persons, or justices, and every of them, then being, or that thereafter (half be, shall have several letters patents and commissions for their offices under the King's great seal of England, to be exercised by themselves, or their Sufficient deputies, according to the purposes and intents in the said ordinances specified: and whereas by one other act, made in She eigh- Act 18 JL'vu teenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An act for the appointing of justices in the shires of Wales, it is (amongst other things) enacted, That the Queen's highness, her heirs and successors, may and shall have full power and authority, from time to time, to constitute, name, or appoint, two or marc persons, learned in the laws of this realm of England, to be justices of and f6r the said counties of Chester, Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery; any two or more, learned as aforesaid, to be justices of North Wales; (videlicet}, of and for the said shires of Anglesey, Caernarvon, and Merioneth; and likewise two or more, learned as aforesaid, to be justices of and for the circuits and shires of Radnor, Glamorgan, and Brecknock; and also two or more, learned as aforesaid, to be justices of and for the circuits and shires of Cardigan, Caermarthen, Pembroke, and the town and county of Haver ford West: and whereas the exercising the fnver of appointing deputies by such justices may be attended with in-: u(Kcee convenience; for preventing thereof, be it further enacted, That not to co justice now appointed, or at any time hereafter to be appointed

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1773.

Justices in Wale* may nominate deputies fur the before-mentioned purposes.

power hereaf- cd, of or for the said county of Chester, or of or for any county, ter of circuit* or Shire, within trie said principality or dominion of

by deputy- Wales, shall have any power or authority of exercising his office except fo/the ^Y deputy, &vc anc* except for the purpose of calling and ad-purpose ofeal-Journin6 any court or courts, and receiving any motion or moling and ad tiens appointed, or especially directed to be made at such court,

journing and for the further purpose of taking and proclaiming fines, and andlprodain5 arra*Sn, n6 recoveries, in such court or courts of each respective ing fines, &cT great session and assizes, within the circuit of such justice; any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the several and respective justices of and for the said several and respective circuits and counties for the time being, from time to time, and at any time, as occasion may reauire, by writing under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices respectively, to nominate, constitute, or appoint, any person or persons to be his or their deputy or deputies, for the intent and purpose of calling and adjourning any court or courts, and receiving any motion or motions, appointed, or especially directed to be made at such court, and for the further purpose of taking and proclaiming fines, and arraigning recoveries in such court or courts of each respective great session and assizes, within their several and respective circuits and counties aforesaid, which person or persons so appointed shall have full power and lawful authority so to do.

- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That his Ma-aWign manu«I, jesty*his heirs and successors, shall and may, under his or their may appoint*royal sign manual, appoint one or more person or persons, learn-person* to ex ed as aforesaid, to execute the said office of justice in the said eciite the offiee county palatine of Chester, or in any of the said counties of niace IfVhofe Wales, for the then next ensuing great feflidns, in the place and ..... stead of any of the said justices, who shall, by illness, be prevented attending upon such great sessions, and so as often as the necessity of the case shall require; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it is conceived that the fttitors in the court of the King's great sessions in the dominion and pr incipality of Wales will, in many caps, experience great benefit and advantage by having such junesmay their suits tried by jpccial juries $ be it therefore further enacted rtecourt»Vt*1^the authority aforesaid, That the justices of his Majesty's great sessions in Wales, upon motion made on behalf of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or on motion of any prosecutor or defendant in any indictment cr information of any misdemca-nour, or on the motion of any plaintiff* or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, in any action, cause, or suit whatsoever, depending, or to be brought and carried on, in any his Majesty's courts of great sessions in Wales, shall and may, ifi case such justices in their discretion shall think fit, order and appoint a jury to be (truck before the proper officer of such courts, for the trial of any issue joined in any of the said cases, in such manner

as

His Majesty,

who, by ill nefi, shall be prevented from attending.

Suits to be tried by special juries; and

Westminster,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. 85

as.special juries have been ufuilly (truck in the courts of law at Westminster* upon trials at bar had in the said courts; which jury so (truck as aforesaid shall be the jury returned for the trial of such issue as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Party apply, thority aforesaid, That the person or party who shall, by virtue >95 for a of this odt, apply for such special jury, shall not only bear and Ih7fees pay the fees for striking such jury but shall also bear, pay, and forftriking discharge all the expences occasioned by the trial of the cause by such jury, and such special jury, and shall not have any further or other allow- al* aoce for the same, upon taxation of cods, than such person or of thw

party would be imitled unto in case the cause had been tried by caurc, a common jury, unless the judices or judice before whom the cause is tried mall, immediately after the trial, certify in open court, under his or their hand or hands, upon the back of the record, that the same was a cause proper to be tried by a special

JTm. And* to prevent tie demand or payment of extravagant fees Perfom who of jurymen returned under the authority of this act* be it further on- AwH lerve on atted by the authority aforesaid, That ho person who shall serve be allowed upon any jury, appointed or returned by authority of this act, above il. is. Hull be allowed, or take, for serving on any such jury, more for such ier-. than the sum of money which the judices or judice who tries the vic€* issue or issues shall think jud and reasonable, not exceeding the Aim of one pound one shilling, except in causes where a view hath been or shall be directed.

IX' And for the greater ease and benefit of all persons whomsoever jatiicts may. in the toting of affidavits to be made use of and read in the courts of im power per-his Majesty's ftffi* Wales, m all matters and causes what- Sw» to take fever depending, or to be depending, in all or any of the courts afore- Je?n U* con- fmi % or in anywise concerning the proceedings of or in the same* be cerdinfsTn* it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the judices of the t^eir circuits) respective courts of great sections in {Pales for the time being shall and may, by one or more commidicm or commissions, under the seal of the said respective courts, from time to time, as need shall require, impower such and So many persons as they shall think fit and necessary, in all and every the several shires and counties within their respective circuits in the said dominion of {Palis* to take and receive all and every such affidavit and affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and delirous to make before any of the persons so impowered in, or concerning any cause, matter, or thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in anywise concerning any of the proceedings to be in their rofpc&iye circuits of great sections, as the judices of his Majesty's court of King's bench, or common pleas, or the lord trealucer, chancellor, and barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, do use to do; which said affidavits, and the a (fid*, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the several and respective of- JJil* fices of the said several and respective courts of great sections, and the same null and may be read and made use of in the said of the respectrespective courts to all intents and purposes,1 other affidavits five courts.

86 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.gt.

[1773.

taken in the said respective courts now are; and that all and every affidavit and affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same force as affidavits taken in the said respective courts now are; and all and every person and persons forswearing him, her, or themselves, in such affidavit or affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same penalties, as if such affidavit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court; which said several commissions shall be made out by the prothonotary, upon a fiat or warrant from the said justices for the time being of the said respective courts of great sessions in Wales; and the said prothonotary shall cause an entry to be made in a book to be kept for that purpose of the names of the persons to whom such commifi-fions are, from time to time, granted, and the respective times when issued; and the following fees shall be paid for each com-ipiffion, and no more; (to wit), the sum of two shillings for the fiat or warrant; the sum of four shillings for making out the said commission, besides the King's duty, and value of the parchment; and the sum of four shillings for sealing the same; and every commissioner, or person so impowered, shall take and receive, for the swearing of every affidavit before him, the fun* or fee of one shilling, and no more.

No commis- X. Provided nevertheless, That no person appointed a com-fioner shall missioner as aforesaid shall take or receive any affidavit during v^durin the t*c t*me of holding the great sessions, or assizes, for the coun-time of hold- ty or place in which such cause, matter, or thing, shall be ing ailizei. depending.

Officers who

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such have hereto- officers of the said several and respective courts of great sessions fore taken affi- in Wales, 'as have heretofore taken or sworn affidavits, shall and davits may may continue so to do, in the same manner as if this act had continue lo to not been, na<ic. an, thing herein contained to the contrary* notwithstanding.

XII. Andy to give greater eafi and benefit to all persons within the said dominion of Wales, in taking the recognizances of special Justices of the bails upon all actions and suits depending, or to be depending, in any courts of great of the courts of his Majesty great sessions in Wales; be it further sessions may enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the re-son to take^Pe<^ive courts of great sessions in Wales for the time being shall iccogmzances and may> by one or more commission or commissions, under of bail; the seal of the said respective courts, from time to time, as need shall require, impoyver such and so many persons (other than common attorneys or solicitors) as they shall think fit and necessary in all and pvery the several shires and counties within their respective circuits in the said dominion of Walts, to take and receive all and every such recognizance or recognizances of bail or bails, as any person or persons shall be willing or defi-r6u$ to acknowledge or make before any of the persons so impowered in any action or suit depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the said respective courts, or any of them, in such manner and form, and by such recognizance or bail piece, as the justices of the said courts of great sessions respectively have

ufccj

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51/ 9j

used to take the same; which said recognizance or recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with an affidavit made of the due taking of the recognizances of such bail or bail piece, by some credible person present at the taking thereof, shall be transmitted to the prothonotary's office, there to be filed of record, paying such fees as have usually been transmitted to received for the taking of speaial bails by the justices clerks, and the prothono-other officers of the said respective courts, which recognizance i*ry* office to of bail or bail piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of the* like effect, as if the same were taken before any of the said justices 5 for the taking of every which recognizance or recognizances of bail or bail piece, the person or persons so impowered shall receive only the sum of or fee of two shillings, and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, justices to That the said justices of great sessions, in their respeduve courts, make rules for shall and may make such rules and orders for the justifying

such bails, and making the same absolute, as to them shall Teem meet, so as the cognizor or cognizors of any such bail or bails be not compiled to appear in person in any of the said courts, to justify him or themselves; but the same may be, and is hereby directed to be determined by affidavit or affidavits, duly taken before the said of, touching the value of their respective estates.

XIV. Provided always, That the attorney for the defendant Notice

or defendants shall give notice to the plaintiffs attorney of the given of the taking of such bail within eight days after the caption thereof, taking of fud| and that the plaintiff shall be at liberty, within eight days after by the such notice, to take exception to such bail, and enter the same attorne^to in the prothonotary's office; and such exception having been thC attorney taken, the bail shall be justified before the justices, before the for the plain* rising of the second court at the ensuing sessions; and the bail utf. bond taken by the sheriff, under sheriff, or other officer, for the defendant's appearance, shall remain in force until such special bail shall have been finally justified as aforesaid; but the plaintiff, nevertheless, shall be at liberty to file his declaration conditionally in the prothonotary's office; and the defendant, in case such declaration shall have been delivered seven days before the first day of the session next epfuing the return of such writs,

shall plead thereto, before the rising of the second court of such great sessions, unless. further time shall be given him by the court for that purpose.

XV. And whereas all writs relating to ablions depending in the Original writs, courts of great /efftons, in the several counties in North and South bills, ic. Thaii Wales, are returnee at the great session held rtfpetlively for the be mafjc fc* said counties, and at no, other time, by which means no action that so^th/iu- commenced, (except where the defendant or defendants voluntarily ap- ftices of North pear), can be brought to ijsue, and tried before the second session and South after such action is commenced at the foonefl, which is usually near a Walts. year, and a great delay to the suitors of the said courts: for remedy

whereof, and for the greater ease and benefit of the said suitors,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. tf.51.

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all original writs, bills, and all mesne process whatsoever, by which any a&ton shall be commenced or feed in the said courts of great sessions for the said counties of North and South Wales, shall and may be made returnable before his Majesty's justices respectively of the several counties of North and South Wales, on the first Wednesday in any month, in each of the two vacations, annually, betwixt the two sessions, or on the first day of the next sessions, at the eleAion of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his* her, or their attorney, who shall sue out the same: and that all such writs or process which shall issue out of the said court?, returnable in the vacations as aforesaid, and whereon or wherewith the defendant or defendants shall be arrested, or served with a copy or copies, such defendant or defendants shall appear and file special bail, or enter a common appearance, as the case shall require, on the day of such return, or within fourteen days next after; and in case of neglect in bailable actions, the sheriff, under sheriff, or other officer, shall, at the request and costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such actions, his, her, or their attorney, assign to such plaintiff or plaintiffs the bail bond taken for the defendant's appearance upon the arrest, by indorfment and attestation under his hand, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses 5 and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, after such assignment made, may bring an action or suit upon such bail bond in his, her, or their own name or names; and the said courts may, by rule or rules thereof respectively, give such relief to the plaintiff and plaintiffs, defendant and defendants, in the original action, and to the bail so sued upon the bail bond, as is agreeable to justice and reason; and m case on service of the copy of any writ or process (having notice thereunder written, purporting the intent of such service), returnable in the vacation time as aforesaid, the defendant or defendants so served therewith, shall not appear at the return, or within fourteen days next after the return thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, upon affidavit being made, and filed with the prothonotary of the said respective courts, or his deputy, of the personal service of such writ or process as aforesaid, to enter a common appearance or appearances for the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such defendant or defendants had entered his, her, or their appearance; and special bail having been filed, or a common appearance entered, as the case shall require, the plaintiff in such action may proceed to file his declaration; and the defendant or defendants, in case such declaration shall have been delivered seven days before the first day of the feffian next ensuing the return of such writ, shall be bound to plead thereto, before the rising of the second court of such great session, to be holden for the county or place in which such action shall have been

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. 89

been brought, unless the court shall think proper to allow further time for that purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Original bill*

That from and after the first day of January, one thousand fe- how to be ven hundred and seventy-four, every officer or clerk belonging

to the several courts of great sessions in the principality of JValts

who shall sign any original writ or bill, relating to actions depending in the said courts of great sessions, shall, at the signing thereof^set down upon such original writ or bill the day and year of his signing the same, which mall be entered upon the remembrance, or in the book where the abstracts of such original writ or bill shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of five pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer or clerk a- foresaid 5 to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of law, protection, or essoin, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And whereat by sundry flatties, penalties are given for

sffinues thereby provided against, and such penalties are directed to be to he* Jued for and recovered in his Majesty's courts of Westminster only, faed and and the enabling the respective courts of great sessions to hold pleas, covered. or to have cognizance in all such cases arising or happening within their respective jurisdictions, would be for the ease and benefit of the inhabitants of the dominion of Wales; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in all cases where any penalty or penalties is or are given by any Statute, and the same is, are, or shall be directed to be recovered in the courts of Westminster, or either of them, excepting such as may by the laws now in being be filed for only in his Majesty's court of exchequer, and the offence for which any such penalty or penalties hath or shall be given shall be done or committed in any of the counties of Wales and the defendant or defendants liable to the same shall be resident within the jurisdiction of the great session held for any county of Wales, it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, or other person to whom any such penalty is given, or who shall be intitled to sue for the same, in every such case, to sue for and recover the same in the courts of great session respectively in Wales* within which such penalties have or shall be incurred, in such manner and form as he, she, or they, might have done in the courts at Westminster; and that the said respective courts of great fefltdn shall have jurisdiction as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the said courts had been respectively named in all and every of the said acts, and the powers thereby given extended to the said respective courts.

go Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1775.

CAP. LII.

An act for appointing wardens and assaymasters for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the silversmiths and plate-workers in and about the town Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and in and about the town/" Sheffield, in the county of York, are under, great difficulties and hardJUps in the exercise of their trades, for want of assayers in convenient places to affiiy and touch their wrought plate: for remedy wlureof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several towns of Birmingham and Sheffield aforesaid shall be, and are hereby appointed for the allaying and marking of wrought fjlver plate, and for executing the powers, authorities, and directions, given by this act.

The guardi-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the V. of the carl of Dartmouth, the right honourable lord Archer, the right

jtandar o jlonourable Hen cage Finch, commonly called lord Guernsey; the wroM£ P 'right honourable George Greville, commonly called lord Grevillei the right honourable Francis Conway, commonly called lord Beauchamp; sir John Wrottesley baronet, fir Henry Bridgman baronet, the honourable John Ward, Richard Geaji, John Wyrley, isaac Spooner, Henry Gough, Charles Colemore, John Taylor, Samuel Corbitt, Henry Carver senior, Joseph Wilkinson, Sampson Lloyd, junior, Thomas Ingram, Edward Palmer, John Kettle, Joshua Glover, Matthew Boulton, John Francis, Thomas Mynde, Samyel Pemberton, John Turner senior, John Lee, William Sawyer, John Lane of Mosely, James AUlon, Matthew Barter, Joseph Adams of Walfalf^ James Wright, Samuel Galion, smd James Jaclfon, shall be, and are hereby incorporated a company of pr belonging to the said town of Birmingham; and that the most honourable Charles marquis of Rockingham, the earl of Stafford, the earl of Effing-born, Godfrey Ba^nall Clark, Anthony Saint Leger, Samuel Shore the younger, Samuel Tooker, Henry Howard, Walter Oborne, the reverend James Wilkinson clerk, Benjamin Roebuck, Thomas Broad-ben', John Shore, George Qreaves, John Turner, Thomas Bland, George Brittain, Samuel Staniforth, Simon Andrews Young, Joseph Matthewman, John Hoyland, Henry Tudor, John Winter, Albion Cox, John Rowbotham, Joseph Hancock, Matthew Fenton, William Marjden, Thomas Law, and Joseph Wilson^ shall be, and are hereby incorporated a company of or belonging to the said town of Sheffield, and shall be called and known by the name of The guardians of the Jlaniard of wrought plate, within such towns respectively, and shall continue of such company so long as they live and reside in such towns respectively, or within twenty miles thereof; which companies respectively shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised, on or before the fifth day of July next, to meet at fosne convenient place within each town respectively, and chuse four persons by majority of voices out of each

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 91

company respectively, to be the wardens of the said company in each of the said towns respectively; which said wardens shall continue for the space of one year, and no longer, unless re-elected by the company in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Other persons each of the said companies respectively shall be enabled, and are to be chosen in hereby authorised and directed, annually, on the first Monday in JboVaHdi^ July in every year, out of fit and proper persons resident in such^four towns respectively, or within twenty miles thereof, to chuse, by dens to be

a majority of members present at any meeting to be held for defied, that purpose, one or more person or persons into the said companies respectively, in the place and stead of such of the said company who shall have died or removed to a greater distancer than twenty miles from such towns respectively, so as by reason of such choice there shall not be, when the company is compleat, more than nine or less than fix plate-workers members of each company respectively; and that immediately after such companies shall be so filled up in manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised and directed, to proceed to the election of the four wardens for the year ensuing, in manner aforesaid; and if any of the said wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall happen to die, or remove to a greater difiance than twenty miles out of such town, then the said companies respectively shall, within one month after such death or removal, chuse another person of each respective company, in manner aforesaid, to be warden in his room; and such person shall and is hereby authorised and required to a St accordingly for the remainder of that year.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No silver plat

That no silversmith or plate-worker in either of the said towns, x?* un*

or within twenty miles thereof, shall knowingly put to sale, ex- {hanbeimarlu change, or fell any silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of silver, cd with the made or wrought in either of the said towns, or within twenty initials of the miles thereof, after the twenty-ninth day of September next, or "order's export the same out of this kingdom, until such time as such name> silver vessel, plate, or manufactured silver, (being of the standard of eleven ounces two penny weight of fine silver per pound tray,) shall be marked as followeth; that is to say, with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which shall be the first letters of his christian and surname; and also with the lion paflanr, and with the mark of the company within whose assay office such plate shall be assayed and marked, to denote the goodnest thereof, and the place where the same was assayed and marked; and also with a distinct variable mark or letter; which letter or mark shall be annually changed upon the election of new wardens for each company, to denote the year in which such plate is marked, or plate being of the fiandard of eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine silver per pound weight trey, with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which shall be the first letters of his christian and surname, as aforesaid, the figure of a woman commonly called Britannia, the £}id mark or letter to denote

9*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52; £ 177 3.

Peculiar marks of the Birmingham and Sheffield companies.

eleaedby0* That each of the said companies shall, from time to time, elect botbVoinpa- an^ c^use9 in manner aforesaid, one or more able and skilful nies. person or persons, experienced in the assaying of silver, to be

the assayer or assayers; and that such person or persons ibehofen shall continue in the said office during his or their life or lives, tinless he or they shall neglect to attend the said bufiaefs, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said office of aflsayer; for which laid assayer or assayers it shall and may be lawful to detain eight grains only from every pound troy of silver he or they shall allay, four grains whereof shall be pot into the box of diet, and the other four grains shall be allowed him towards his wade and spitlings in making the said afiays; and every af-sayer and assayers, chofon in pursuance of this act, immediately after his or their election or elections, and before he or they take upon himself or themselves the execution of the said office, shall enter into one bond or obligation to the matter of his Majesty's mint for the time being, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said matter, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, for the execution of the said office, and for the due payment of all such fines and sums of money as are and shall be charged and imposed on him or them by this act, fot* neglect or fraud in the execution of the said office; and shall alto take and subscribe the oath following; videlicet,

Assaytr soath. t A.B. do swear, That I will be faithful and true to our sovereign JL lord King George, and will, so long as I continue an ajsayer, u/eU and faithfully behave ntyfelf irt the said office} and no undue profit to tnyfelf takey to the hurt or hinderance of any person that is owner or bringer of any fiber in plate to be assayed, except of wrought plat* only, four grains of every pound weight to be taken and put into the box of diet, and other four grains to be taken Ukewise of every pound weight of plate wrought, (and not otherwise,) towards my wejle and

Jpillings

note the year as aforesaid, and with the mark of the company within whose office such plate shall be assayed and marked, upon pain that all such silver vessels, plate, or other manufactured silver, (except such things as by reason of their fraallncfs or thinness are not capable of receiving a touch), which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged, or exported, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited, or the value thereof, one moiety thereof to the King Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as will sue for the same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, suit, or information, in any court of record in any county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, and wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the peculiar marks of the said companies, directed to be used as aforesaid, shall be as follows; that is to say, for the Birmingham company, an anchor; and for the Sheffield company, a crown.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

x773-3 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. s

fallings in making the said assays 5 and that I will touch no fiber but what shall be of the goodnefsof and according to the standard of this kingdom, which, for the time being, is or shall be appointed by law for wrought plate, or better; and all such fiber as shall be brought to me to be touched, 1 will carefully examine, to fee if it be of alt one fort of fiber, and forward enough in the workmanship, and whether all the pieces be fixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged with unneussary folder; and if I find the same liable to either of the objections aforesaid, I will not assay the same; and that will truly set down in writing all suchfiber as shall be brought to me to be touched, and the same, at all times, as I JhaR be required, will duly and truly deliver again, (except eight grains as aforesaid;,) and will true accounts make thereof, when required by the wardens of the company wherein I am chosen ajsayer; and that will no assays make of things new wrought, before that they be marked with the mark of the maker or owner thereof; and that I wiR, according to the best of my skill and judgment, make every assay so, and in such sort and manner, as men best ascertain the true intrinfiei standard of such plate Jo to be assayed 5 and that will not put, or wittingly foffer to be put, into the aforesaid box, any fiber but that fiber which has been scraped and taken in my presence from the plate which I shall assay and pafis for standard; and that I wilt not, by my-frtf, or in partnership with any other person, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the buying or selling of fiber builion, or in the manufacturing of wrought plate.

So help me God.

which oath the matter of his Majesty's mint in the tower of London for the time being, or in his absence his deputy in the said office, is hereby required and impowered to administer to such a flayer.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the On death of authority aforesaid, That if any person chosen assayer in purfu^K*Ycr* &c*, ance of this act, shall neglect to attend the said business, or shall ^caPjwriother. die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said office; that

then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for that company to whom such assayer did belong to cled and chuse, in manner aforesaid, one other fit and proper person to be the assayer, in the place and (lead of the assayer fallen under either of the descriptions aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Each compa-That each of the said companies shall find and provide, within nY toProJ!de their respective towns, a proper place for an office for receiving the ?* in, allaying, and delivering out all wrought plate that shall be Wl0ught plat* brought to be assayed in pursuance of this a; and that all to be exa.nin-wrought plate that shall be there brought for the purpose afore- cd bX t*o said shall be examined by two of the wardens and assayer of the #c*n<* said company, to fee if it be all of one fort of silver, and forward antTm enough in the workmanship, and whether all the pieces be

affixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be marked with the maker or owners mark, or be

nor

94

If base meta\ be found in any piece of plate, the same shall be broken, and the value for* feiied.

If no base ipetal be found on cutting such plate, recompence to be made.

Drawings, lcrapingt, &c. how to be d: f-pO'cd of.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1773.

not charged with unnecessary folder; and that if they shall find any of such plate liable to either of the objections aforesaid, that then they shall return the same without making any assay thereof; but if they shall find such plate free from all the objections aforesaid, that then there shall be drawn, scraped, or cut off, in the presence of two of the wardens and assayer, so much from each piece, in proportion to the weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the rate of eight grains for every pound weight; and the drawings, scrapings, or cuttings off, from each piece, shall immediately alter be divided into moieties in the presence of the said wardens and assayer; and a moiety of the drawings, scrapings, or cuttings off, from each piece, be delivered to the assayer, for him to make his aflays, and the other moiety shall be locked up with three different locks in a box to be provided for that purpose, (which shall be called 7'be JJfayer's Box,) and the respective keys thereof shall be kept by two of the wardens and assayer of such respective company by whom such assayers shall be elefled and chosen.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if on view of any of the said plate so brought to be assayed, and after weighing the same in water, and trying the effect of magnetism, the wardens and assayer, or either of them shall have suspicion of iron, or other base metal, being introduced or concealed in any piece of plate so brought to be assayed; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said wardens and assayer to cut the same, or cause the same, in their presence to be cut; and if upon cutting thereof any unnecessary iron, or other base metal, shall be found therein, the said piece of plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorised and directed to break and deface the same; and the said plate, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said wardens and assayer, and the produce thereof be by them applied towards the expences of the assay office.

X. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if on cutting such plate, by authority aforesaid, no unnecessary iron, or other base metal, shall be found therein; that then, and in such case, the said wardens, and assayer shall forthwith make a recompence and satisfaction, in money, to the owner of such plate, to the full amount of the damage done to the same, and charge the lame to the account of the expences of the assay office.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the moiety of the drawings, scrapings, or cuttings off, of each piece so brought to the assay office as aforesaid, and the moiety thereof to be locked up in the assayer's box as aforesaid, shall be put in separate papers, and marked with corresponding numbers, and the assayer shall make his report to the wardens upon each piece; and such of the said numbers, as the assayer shall report to be worse than standard, the pieces of plate corresponding with such numbers shall be broke to pieces in the presence of the said wardens and assayer, and returned to the

95

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.

owner, he paying sixpence per ounce to the assayer for assaying the same; and such numbers as the said assayer shall report to be standard or better, the pieces of plate corresponding with such numbers shall be forthwith marked in the prefenee of the wardens and assayer, with the company's mark, and delivered to the owner or bringer of such plate, (he paying for making the assay thereof such (urns of money as are herein after directed to be paid for the same;,) and the ferapings belonging to such corresponding numbers which shall be To reported standard, or better, shall be taken out of the assayer's box and be Folded up, and the name of the maker of the plate indorsed thereon, and immediately deposited in a box to be provided for that purpose,

(which shall be called The Diet Box^j and which box shall be locked with three different locks, and the respective keys thereof shall be kept by two of the said wardens and assayer; and which said box shall never after be opened but in the presence of the said wardens and assayer, or any of the diet taken thereout, but for the purpose of trial thereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the moiety of the ferapings, drawings, and cuttings off, which shall be delivered to the assayer for the purpose of affeying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such process,

Hull, in the presence of the wardens, be put by the assayer together in the assayer's box, in a part thereof to be appropriated for that purpose, to be disposed of as by this act is hereafter duelled.

[Proviso.]

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any plate so brought to be assayed shall be reported to be of the standard of eleven ounces ten-penny weight, or better, that then the moiety of the drawings, ferapings, or cuttings off from such plate, shall be put in the diet box, in a part thereof to be appropriated for that purpose, and not blended with the other diet, to the intent that the diet of plate of each of the aforesaid standards may be separately tried on the annual trial of the diet herein after directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Silverfmhh or

That on or before the twenty-ninth day of September next, plate-worker every silversmith or plate-worker inhabiting in either of the wfch

towns aforesaid, or within twenty miles of either of them, and the wardens of also every person who, at any time after the said twenty-ninth that company day of September, shall follow the trade of a silversmith or plate- nearest which worker, before he takes upon him to exercise either of the said he shall iclkU, trades shall enter his name and his mark, and place of abode,

with the wardens of that company nearest winch he shall reside, which shall be done by the said wardens upon demand, without fee or reward; and if any such silversmith or plate worker shall not enter his name and mark, and place of abode, as aforesaid, or shall reside and carry on his said trade in any other place than what he has so entered as the place of his abode, and shall not

have entered his removal, or shall strike any other mark on plate than what is so entered, such silversmith or plate worker so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be Hull forfeit recovered and difnpfed of as aforesaid, ool.

XIV

96

Persons conn ter fei ting of marks or damps used by the ('aid companies }

ex poling such to lale;

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1773.

XIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person whatsoever shall call, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or damp used, or to be used for marking plate, in pursuance of this act, or by any maker or worker of silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall cad, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any mark, damp, or impredion, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, damp, or impredion made, or to be made, with any mark or damp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said companies respectively, or by any maker or worker of diver plate, or any or either of them i or shall mark or damp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any silver wrought plate with any mark or damp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or to resemble any mark or damp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said companies respectively, or by any maker or worker of silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall

or transooGng transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or re-ftacnps from moved, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any anotrtcr^and P^atc^ vessel, or to any vessel of base metal, any mark, damp, or*' impredion, made, or to be made, by or with any mark or stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said companies respectively, or by any maker, or worker of silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or export out of this kingdom, any silver wrought plate, or any veflH of base metal, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, damp, pr impredion thereon, or any mark, damp, or impredion, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other piece of plate, knowing such mark, damp, or impredion, tobefored, counterfeited, or transposed, or removed, as aforesaid; or mall wilfully or knowingly have or be podefled of any mark or damp which hath been, or shall be, forged or counterfeited, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark or damp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said companies respectively, or by any maker or worker of silver plate, or any or either of them; every such person offending in any, each, dr either of the cases aforesaid, transported to being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, by order of the courtmnca or before whom such offender shall be convicted, be transported to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America for the term of fourteen years.

XV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any working silversmith or dealer in wrought plate, or any worker or dealer in any other metal plated or covered with silver, (had drike, or cause to be druck, any letter or letters upon any vessel, or other thing made of metal plated or covered with silver, or upon any metal vessel, or other thing made to look like silver; such person or persons so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every silversmith and plate-worker shall fird fix

his

(hath on con vtfhcn, be

H years.

Dealers in

plated metal caufin* letters to be firuck thereon, to forfeit icol.

A (layers to take not exceeding is. for

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. % 97

his or their mark upon his or their plate which shall be made everylb. troy from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, (except of such things which by reafori of their smallness or thinness are pa* a^c not capable of receiving the touch,) and shall then bring or fend the same to the office where they shall have entered their mark, and place of abode, and the same shall be there allayed according to this act; and if by the aflaver it shall be found to be of thefineness of standard, which for the time being is or shall be appointed by law for wrought plate, or better, then the same shall be marked with the company's mark, in the presence of the wardens and assayer; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said assayer, or such other person as the wardens for the time being of each respective company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take, and receive, of and from all and every such person and persons as shall, from time to time, bring to the assay office belonging to the said company any piece or parcel of wrought plate to be assayed, tried, and marked, such prices, sums of money, or rewards, as they shall think fit, so as such prices, films of money, or rewaras, do not exceed the sura of one shilling for every pound Troy, and so proportionably for every greater or less quantity of plate so assayed and marked.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That if any parcel or Angle One shilling piece of wrought plate shall be brought or sent to the said office* taken# to be assayed, which, according to the rate or price herein-before ^av*d do not limited, shall not amount to the sum of one shilling, then there amount to the shall be paid for assaying and marking such parcel or single limited rate, piece of wrought plate a sum of money or reward not exceeding

one shilling; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Aflayers not That the assayers so to be chosen by virtue of this act as aforesaid shall not discover, by description, in words, or otherwise, to pauem^&c. any person or persons whatsoever, any pattern, design or inven- of plat* tien, of any piece of silver plate brought, or to be brought, to brought to be the office to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the same to be»viewed or seen by any person whomsoever, but the wardens and other persons necessarily employed, or to be employed, in the said office; and also shall keep a book or books, wherein shall be shall enter entered the names of every owner of plate brought to be assayed, ownersln*and theaffortment of plate assayed, and an account of the money books; and received for the assaying thereof, and likewise an account of the an account of monies arising from the ferapings and cuttings-off of the said Servants, plate (b brought to be assayed, when the same shall be sold in fa, aries* manner herein after directed, and also an account of the officers and servants salaries and wages, and other incidental expences attending the carrying this act into execution; and that every member of each respective company shall have free access to the said books, and to the inspection thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Marks to be That the marks belonging to each of the said respcfiive companies shall be locked up in a box with three different locks, and locks, the keys

Vol. XXX. H the ef which are

98 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1773.

to be kept by the respective keys thereof shall be kept by two of the wardens two wardens, ancj(1^ of such respective company, and shall never be taken er and*!?* thereout but in the presence of two of the said wardens, and af-plate marked sayer, for the purpose of marking the plate which shall have in their pre- been assayed and reported standard, and which plate shall be fence. marked in the presence of two of the said wardens and assayer,

and thd* marks immediately after locked up in manner afore* On conni- said: and that if by connivance of the said wardens the assayer yance of the shall mark, or suffer to be marked, any plate with the company's wardens, if mark, any otherwise than in the presence of the two wardens;

discover Mt- or^he ^all mark any P, atc t*lat has 1101 been duty assay«i and terns, &c. he found standard; or if he shall discover, by description, in words, shall forfeit or otherwise, to any person or persons whatsoever, any pattern, aooL deiign, or invention, of any piece of silver plate brought to the

office to be assayed as aforesaid; or wittingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be viewed or seen by any person whomsoever, but the wardens and other persons neceuarily employed in the said office; he shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; to be recovered and difoofed of in manner aforesaid, and shall be turned out of his office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the office of an assayer.

Scrapings and

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J?* That the assayer of each respective company shall, four times in 7m In every «?«y year, duly weigh, in the presence of the wardens of the year. »id company, all the ferapings and cuttings-off of silver deposited in the assayer's box, after report thereof made as aforesaid, and enter the true weight thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose; and that when the same is so weighed and entered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said wardens to sell and dispose thereof, and, after entering an account of the produce thereof in the book belonging to such company, containing, their receipts and payments for and on the account of the assay office, pay and apply the lame for and towards such payments. Diet box to

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be, once in That the diet box belonging to each of the said companies, shall, the oncen cve, 7 year, be opened in the presence of the assayer and pretence of the four wardens belonging to each company, and the diet

the assayer therein be taken out and carefully packed up in two separate and the four pareels, if of different standards, without opening the papers wauk.is; containing the same, and carefully secured and sealed with the rofpedlive seals of the said wardens and assayer, and by them, in cadi other's presence, delivered to a ineflenger, to be by him and conveyed conveyed to his Majesty's mint in the tower of London, and de-to the mint, livered to the mafier of the mint, or his deputy, taking a receipt from him who shall so receive it for the same, which receipt the said master, or his deputy, are hereby directed to give; and that the ineflenger conveying the same shall, at the time of the delivering thereof to the said mailer, or his deputy, make oath before the said mailer, or his deputy, (which oath the said mailer, or his deputy, are hereby authorised and directed to administer,) that he received the box or parcel (as the case may

6 be;

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 99

be) from the wardens and assayer of the company, so sealed as on the delivery thereof, and that the same had not been opened after he had so received the same,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Matter of the That the matter of his Majesty's mint for the time being, or mint to Pr*fer his deputy, shall, within fourteen days next after the said diet fh^Iordsof shall have been so delivered over to him as aforesaid, prefer a the treasury, memorial to the lord high treasuref of Great Britain, or lords for trial of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, re- £!?* quelling a time to be fixed for the trial of the said diet by the King's assay-matter of his Majesty's mint before the lord high treamrer of Great Britain, or lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or whom he or they appoint; and that the said matter of the mint, or his deputy, shall, by*letter, to be sent by the general post, give such assayer, whole faring notice diet is to be tried, notice of the time and place appointed forever 1°^ such trial, that he may be present, if he thinks fit; and shall, on present* that day whereon the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being,

shall appoint, and in the presence of him or them, or of such per* ions to be appointed by him or them, as aforesaid, deliver the hSA diet, so received by him as aforesaid, unopened to his Majesty's assay-master of the mint aforesaid, who, in the presence of the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or of such persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall duly assay and try the same by the indented pieces herein after directed to be made, in such manner as by the persons then present shall be thought necessary, and make a true report thereof; and if upon such trial the same shall be (bund agreeable in fineness to the said respective indent trial pieces, or better, that then his said Majesty's assay-master shall return the said diet to, or to the order of the wardens and assay-master of the company aforesaid, who are hereby authorised to sell and dispose thereof; and having entered the produce thereof in the book of accounts of the receipts and payments relative to the assay office from whence such diet shall be sent, to pay and apply such produce for and towards the necessary expence of such office.

XXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by If the diet if the authority aforesaid, That if, on the said trial, the said diet no* found fuf-shall be found not agreeable in fineness with the said trial pieces, ^"Veafrayl according to the respective standards thereof, but worse;r shall lorfeit that then, and in such case, the assayer belonging to that com- aool* pany, whose diet shall be so tried, shall forfeit and pay the sum

of two hundred pounds to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and shall ever after be rendered incapable of acting as an assayer.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared. Overplus of That in case the said prices, sums of money, or rewards, hereby

given, granted, or allowed, to each company, in each of the in prosecuting said towns respedUyely, for the assaying and marking wrought offenders.

H 2 plate.

IOO

Two indented trial pieces to be mnde by the wardens and assayer; which shall be tried at the mint by the aifay-mailer.

Sums payable yearly to the mailer of his Majesty's mint.

Companies to make byelaws.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. £2. [1773.

plate, shall raise more money th&n shall be sufficient to defray the necessary expences of the said respective assay offices, then the overplus money (if any) shall be respectively applied by each company, from time to time, in the prosecuting offenders against this a &; and if such prosecutions shall not require the whole of such overplus, that then the said prices, sums of money, or rewards, shall afterwards be lessened in proportion by the respective companies aforesaid; and they are hereby required to take so much less for the assaying, trying, and marking, wrought plate, for the future, as will answer the purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any profit to any of the said respective companies; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the wardens and assayer of each of the said respective companies shall, from time to time, as occasion shall require, make, or cause to be made, two indented trial pieces, whereof one shall be of the standard of eleven ounces two pennyweight of finesilver, and eighteen pennyweight of alloy in the pound weight troy, and the other of the standard of eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine silver, and ten penny weight of alloy in the pound weight troy; and after the said two trial pieces shall be made as aforesaid, they shall be brought to his Majesty's mint in the tower of London, and there be assayed and tried by his Majesty's assay-master; and when the same shall have been so assayed and tried, and found to be of the respective standarejs aforesaid, one moiety of each piece shall be delivered back to the assayer who brought the same, and such moieties shall be deposited by him in his office as guides for trying such plate as shall be brought to his office to be assayed, and the other moieties shall remain in his Majesty's mint, in the custody of the master and worker for the time being, thereby to try the diet directed to be allayed by his Majesty's assay-master as aforesaid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each of the said respective companies shall, before the assay of their diet, yearly and every year, pay to the master of his Majesty's mint, or his deputy, for the use of his deputy, and to the King's assay-master, the several sums following; (that is to say,) to the master of his Majesty's mint, or his deputy, the sum of three pounds three shillings, and to the King's assay-master the sum of ten pounds ten shillings by way of recompence for the trouble and expence they will respectively have and incur by menus of the trial of the said diet, in manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective companies, or the major part of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to make byelaws, rules, and orders, for the well-government and management of their respective offices, and for fixing the salaries and rewards of their respective officers, and for fixing the time and manner for receiving in and delivering out plate brought to be

assayed.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. 101

a flayed, and for every other purpose relative to the conduct or management of such office, so as such bye-laws, rules* and orders, do not in any respect contradiA this act, or the laws of the realm.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Wardens to said. That each of the wardens of the said companies shall after his eleAion, and before he takes upon him the execution of the oath. S said office, take and subscribe the following oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do [wear, That I will, so long as 1 continue a warden, well and faithfully behave myfef in the said office; and that I will not discoverj by description in words or otherwise, to any person or persons whatsoever, any pattern, designy or invention, of any piece of fiver plate, brought, or to be brought, to the office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same to be viewed or seen by any person whomsoevery but the persons necessarily employ edy or to be employed, in the ajfaj office; and that I will in all things conform to the rules laid down for my conduct in an act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the third, (intituled, an Act for appointing wardens and assay-masters for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.)

So help me GOD.

which oath any justice of peace residing in the county where such office is established is hereby requited and impowered to administer to such wardens.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time hereafter recover judgement in any court of record against any assay-master of either of the companies aforesaid, for any penalty imposed on him by this act, for neglect or fraud in the execution of his office, and such penalty, together with the cods adjudged,

shall not be paid within the time prescribed by that court, wherein such judgement shall be obtained; that then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the matter of P*11*9 ad-his Majesty's mint for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed to assign over to such person or persons so say-matter's recovering such judgement the said bond or obligation so direct- bond assigned ed to be entered into by the said assayer and his sureties to the to him. matter of his Majesty's mint, as aforesaid, in order to enable such person or persons to bring one or more action or actions thereon against such assayer and his sureties, or either of them, or the heirs, executors, or administrators of them, or either of them, for the recovery of such penalty so recovered against the assayer, together with the costs adjudged*in which last- action or actions it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to prove the execution of the said bond, and of the assignment thereof, and the former judgement recovered against the assayer, in order to intitle such plaintiff to judgement and execution.

XXX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted Ifin any ac-by the authority aforesaid, That if in any action to be brought t, oni|)r^g^t h 3 (on 00 tnc bOQ0*

Persons recovering judgement against an assay-matter, and not being paid the

ioi Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53, 54. [1773.

verdict be on the same bond, as last aforesaid, a verdi# Should be given given for the for the defendant, or the plaintiff be ponsuited, that then the nen£aiitL. co^s vOrdifl or nonsuit shall be paid by the assignee of

paid by the bond, and rafter of his Majesty's mint be wholly

assignee. exonerated and discharged therefrom; any law, usage, or Statute, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Publick act#

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act j and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially plead? ing the same.

CAP. LIII.

An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the county of Middlesex, to pay debts already contracted in finifring and turnifliing their workhouse, and on account of the poor of the said parish j and for their further relief.

CAP. LIV. an act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that fart of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relativo thereto.

Prtwiblp' WHEREAS the laws already made for the preservation of game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland are found, by experience, to be inefficient for that purpose t without being altered and amended; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefept parliament affersons tak- sembled, and by the authority of the same, That every perfoa who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her poflfcflion, or use any muir fowl or tarmargan, between the tenth day of December and the twelfth day of Angufl in any year; or any heath fowl, between the tenth day of December and the twentieth day of August in any year; or any partridge, between the first day of February and the first day of September in 3ny year; or any pheasant, between the first day of February and the first day of October in any year; shall, for every bird so taken, kilied, destroyed, carried, fold, bought, found, or pfed, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds sterling: and in case of not paying the ium decreed within the space of ten days after conviction by a final sentence, shall suffer imprisonment for two Not to expend months for each five pounds sterling thereof, to pheatants, jj prQVided always, That nothing in this act shall extend

ing, killing, felling, or buying, muir fowl, &c. between Dec. 10) and Aug. is, Scc. shall forfeit, for fvery bud so destroyed, 51.

the fearon/al-t° an7 pheasant or partridge which shall be taken in the lowed, and seasons allowed by tl>is a#, and kept in any mew or breeding

kept in breed- place*

ing places, IH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Any^at every perfofi whatsoever, not qualified to kill game in Scot*

riTglme, kndy vybo shall have in his or her custody, or carry, at any time

of

103

of the year, upon any pretence whatsoever, any hares, par- having game fridges, pheasants, muir fowl, tarmargans, heath fowl, snipes, inhiscustody, or quails, without the leave or order of a person qualified to kill game in Scotland, for carrying such hares, or other game, or for qualified, to having the same in his or her custody, shall, for the first offence, forfeit »o«. forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty shillings sterling; and for the for the first, second, and every other subsequent offence, the sum of forty shillings sterling: and in case of not paying the sum decreed 491*r enc* within the space of ten days after conviction by a final judgement, shall (offer imprisonment for six weeks for the first offence, and for three months for the second, and every other subsequent offence.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Penalties for person who shall make muirburn, or set fire to any heath or first and sub-muir, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the JMlucnt of* eleventh day of April to the first day of November in any year, fons making* shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings sterling for the muirburn*first offence, five pounds sterling for the second offence, and ten from April u. pounds sterling for the third and every other subsequent offence: to Nof# u and in case of not paying the sum decreed within the space of

ten days after conviction by a final judgement, shall suffer imprisonment for six weeks for the first offence, two months for the second, and three months for the third and every other fab* sequent offence.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If any rauir-That the tenant, possessor, or occupier of the ground upon burnJj? d!fJ, which such muirburn shall be made or discovered within the Vth7rime forbidden time aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty forbidden, of the offence, and shall be liable to the several penalties afore- occupiers of fakl, unless such tenant, possessor, or occupier, shall prove, to th5r|?uJJ5l the satisfaction of the court before which he or she shall be pro- unless they# fecuted, that such fire was communicated from same neighbour- osal) prove the ing ground, or was raised upon his or her ground by same other contrary, person not in his or her service or family.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Proprietor of aforesaid, That every proprietor of high and wet muir lands,«t lands in the heath upon which frequently cannot be burnt fa early as the cuMtioTmy eleventh day of April, may, when such lands are in his own burn heath*occupation, burn the heath upon the same at any time between between the the eleventh and twenty-fifth day of April in any year, without ylh &sth incurring any of the penalties oefore mentioned; and when*utho-such lands are let, the proprietor, or his commissioner or fac- rjfc their te-for, may, by a writing under his or their hands, authorise his nantsfotodo, tenant or tenants in such lands to burn the heath thereon, at

any time between the eleventh and twenty-fifth day of Aprils in any year, without incurring any of the penalties before mentioned.

VII. Provided also, That the writing authorising such burn- Writings au-ing, when the lands are in the occupation of a tenant, shall, pre- t!

vious to such burning, be recorded in the sheriff or stewart court heath, as books of the county or stewartry within which the lands are, aforesaid, to

and

i©4

fee recorded in the sheriff court books.

Offences may be enquired into and determined by the juices, #p.

Persons convicted to pay the penalties within ten days, or the same may be Jev ed by distress.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54." [1773.

and which the sheriff or stewart clerk of such county, or stewr artry, is hereby ordered and directed to do, upon receiving payment of the fees usually paid for recording writings.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all offences against this act shall and may be enquired into and determined, either by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession or oaths of the parties accused, before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or before the sheriff, or stewart-depute, or substitute, of the county where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall be found; and that all prosecutions for offences against this act shall be carried on, either at the instance of the fifeal of the court in which the prosecution is brought, or of any other person who will inform or complain.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any of the offences against this act shall not pay the penalty or forfeiture decreed against him or her* within the space of ten days from and after a final judgement of conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, sheriff, or fte wart-depute, or substitute before whom the information, complaint, or action may have been brought, upon the application of the prosecutor, to grant warrant for levying the penalties or forfeitures, by immediate distress and sale of the offenders goods and moveables, together with the costs and charges attending the levying thereof, returning the overplus, if any be, to the owner; or to grant warrant for committing the offender to the common gaol of the county, for the time specifipd in this act, as satisfaction for the penalty or forfeiture incurred, or until payment: and in case a warrant for levying the penalty by distress and sale of the offender's gpods and moveables shall be first applied for and obtained, and that the penalty or forfeiture shall not be recovered in consequencp thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of peace, sheriff, or stewart-depgte, or substitute, who granted the warrant for levying the penalty or forfeiture by distress and sale of the offender's goods and moveables, upon its being certified to him or them by the officer emp'oyed in executing the warrant, either that he has been able to recover no part of the penalty or forfeiture, or that a certain part, to be certified by him, ftijl remains unrccovered, tp grant warrant for committing the offender to the common gaol of the pounty for the time specified in this act, as satisfaction for the penalty or forfeiture incurred, pr until compleat payment shall be made of the penalty or forfeiture incurred and decreed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of penalties or forfeitures to be incurred

bow to be ap fQT any Offence against this act, shall, when recovered, be paid P1C'to the profeputor, and the other moiety shall be applied to the

use of the poor of she parish, or to the repairing of the high roads within the parish where the offence shall be committed, ?s the jufljees of the peace, or the sheriff or stewart-depute, qr

futb

in case the

penalty cannot be recovered by di-flreli, offender# to be combatted.

Penalties and forfeitures

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54105

substitute, shall direct, before whom the offender shall be com-v idled.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Personithink-aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any person them, conceiving himself or herself aggrieved by any decree of the justices of the peace, or sheriff, or dewart-depute, or substitute, peaUo^hcT in such prosecutions, to complain and seek relief by appeal to next court of the next circuit court of judiciary of the circuit wherein the judiciary*county is where the decree is pronounced; or where there are and where no circuit courts, to the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, by tak- there are no ing and entering an appeal in open court, at the rime or pro- courts, to the nouncing such decree, or at any time thereafter within ten days, court of juf-by lodging the same in the hands of the clerk of the court, and ticiary at serving the adverse party with a duplicate thereof personally, or Edinburgh, at his dwelling-house, or his procurator or agent in the cause; and such service shall be sufficient summons to oblige the prosecutor to attend and answer at the next circuit court which shall happen to be held, at lead fifteen days after service, or at the first court of judiciary which shall be held at Edinburgh, in the case where there are no circuit courts, at lead fifteen days after such service, and thereupon the judge or judges at such circuit court, or in the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, shall and may proceed to cognofce, hear, and determine: and in case they Sentence of shall find the reasons of any such appeal not relevant, or not feid court to indru&ed, or shall determine against the party appealing, the judge or judges shall condemn the appellant in such costs of suit as shall appear to be jud and reasonable, and the decree so pronounced shall be final and conclusive to the parties.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Persons ap-

said. That when an appeal is taken, the appellant, at the time pealing to of entering his or her appeal, shall lodge with the clerk of the lo.dgc a bon<* court from which the appeal is taken a bond, with a sufficient fcQ*rk

cautioner, for paying the furn or sums contained in the decree paying the appealed against, to far as affirmed and approved of by the judge- sums appeal-ment upon the appeal, and for paying the costs of suit, if any ed against, shall be awarded; and the clerk of court shall be answerable for ^ncd for costs* the suffic.ency of such cautioner. Ifl 'cafc of

XIII. Provided likewise, and be it enacted by the authority difficulty be-7 aforesaid, That in case any circuit court shall, on hearing any fore the cir-such appeal, find any such difficulty to arise, that by means c^urt» thereof such circuit court cannot proceed to the determination Sedings^0" of the same, confidently, with judice and the nature of the case; thereupon

in any such case, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful may be hid to and for such circuit court to certify such appeal, together, heJ?r.c the with the reasons of such difficulty, and the proceedings there-upon had before such circuit court, to the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, Edinburgh, which is hereby authorised and required to proceed and be there in and determine the same. finally deter-

XIV. Provided always, That no penalty or forfeiture in this "Vn?*.

aft (hairbe recovered, unless the prosecution for recovering a^ast, on 0 thereof shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed.

io6

No person liable for such offence till after June 24.

Act a^ Geoi 1.

Act 3 Geo. 3.

and aft 6 Geo. 3. repealed.

[Preamble.]

After 24 June 177}, no perform wilfully to kiii, &c. Black Game, between Dec. 10. and Aug. 20 $ nor Red Game, between Dec.

10. and Aog. 12.}

nor any bu-stard, beteen March 1. and

Sept. 1.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1773.

XV. Provided also, That no person shall be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures hereby enacted, except for such offence as shall be committed after the twenty-fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present act, an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing part of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty> For the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and so much of an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to extend an act* made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Firfy intituled An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law, upon some points relative to pirates, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the ad\ relates to the more effectual transportation of felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the laws for restraining muirburn in forbidden time, in that part of the united kingdom as limits the time for making muirburn; shall be, and are hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. LV.

An act to explain and amend the several laws now in being* fi far as the same relate to the preservation of the Moor or Hill Game.

WHEREAS the laws now in beings relative to the prefcreation of the moor or bill gamey have been found very inefficient to an fiver the purpose for which they were intended: and whereas some further regulations are become absolutely necessary to prevent the total destruction of that species of game; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no person or persons shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their possession or use, any heath fowl, commonly called Black Gamey between the tenth day of December and the twentieth day of Augujly in any year; nor any grouse, commonly called Red Gamey between the tenth day of December and the twelfth day of Augujly in any year; nor any bustard, between the first day of March and the first day of September, in any year.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. 107

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Juni> if any persons of-person or persons shall, in any of the cases aforesaid, offend, con-cnd, n£ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such per- 10 tlu$ ion shall, upon due conviction, for the first offence, forfeit and pay any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds5 and for the second and every subsequent offence, any sum or sums of money not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than twenty pounds; to be levied and recovered in manner as herein is after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such forfeitures Forfeitures and penalties, so to be incurred as aforesaid, shall and may be and penalties recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any be reco-of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or great sessions

in Wales, wherein no essoin, protection, nor wager of law, nor COrd at West-more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: provided such miniter; a&ioo be brought within six calendar moriths after the matter or thing done, for which the same shall be commenced or exhibited.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be And by infor-lawful for any person whatsoever, (except the person liable to mation before pay any such forfeitures or penalties,) to proceed to recover any ^ct* °* of the aforesaid forfeitures and penalties, by information and coun cocviClion, before any justice or justices of the peace of any

county, city, corporation, division, riding, precin&, or liberty, wherein the offence shall happen 5 and such justice, or justices are hereby authorised and empowered, upon due proof made upon oath by one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the party accused, to cause the said forfeiture to be forthwith paid; and, in case of neglect or refusal, to levy whomaygrant the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, warrant to by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, {5v]aii, c^inc together with all costs and charges attending the same, return- y n ing the overplus, if any, to the owner; and every such forfeiture, when paid or recovered, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall have been committed; and it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to order such offender to be detained in safe custody until return may be conveniently bad and made to such warrant of distress, unless the party so convicted shall give sufficient security, to the farisfaction of such justice or justices, for his appearance before him or them, on the day appointed for the return of the warrant of distress, such day not exceeding five days from the time of taking such security; which security the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of recognizance, or otherwise: and in case no sufficient distress can be had, such justice or justices shall commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix, nor less than three, calendar months, unless the money forfeited, and all costs and charges attending the prosecution, shall be iboner paid and discharged.

V. And -nooTp

LL

io8

No person to be doubly prosecuted.

Form of conviction.

Get k to cause a copy of the conviction to be deii ertd on payment of i s.

Justices may administer an oatu.

No person to b proceeded against for offences unless information it made.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1773.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

offender against the provisions of this act shall be prosecuted for the same offence both by action of law and by information before a justice of the peace; but, in case of any second prosecution, the person so doubly prosecuted may plead in his defence, the former prosecution pending, or the conviction dr judgement thereupon had,

VI. And, for the more easy conviction of offenders against: this act, be it further enacted, That the form of the conviction shall be drawn up in the following, or like form of words

BE it remembered, That, on the icy of

in the year of our lord A.B.

having appeared before me, or usy one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace (as the case may be) for the county of and due proof having been made, upon oath, by

one or more credible witness or wtnesses, or by confejfton of the party, (as the case may be,) is convicted of (specifying the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying, if known, that it is the first, second, or any subsequent offence against this act, as the case shall be.) Given under my hand and feaU or our hands and seals> the day and year aforesaid.

which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be wrote fairly upon parchment, and returned to the next general quarter session of the peace for the county where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of the county, riding, division, or place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any cltrk of the peace for any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby required, upon application made to him by any person or persons for that purpose, to cause a copy or copies of any conviction or convictions, filed by him under the directions of this act, to be forthwith delivered to such person or persons, upon payment or one shilling for every such copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such justice or justices of the peace, as aforesaid, to administer an oath to any witness or witnesses, or other person or persons, for the better discovery and execution of the several matters and things herein-before directed to be examined into, or performed, by such justice or justices respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be proceeded against for any of the offences aforesaid, by information before a justice of the peace, unless such information shall be made upon oath before some justice of the peace for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months after such offence shall have been committed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Tbn

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5^. 109

That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by Persons ag-any thing done in pursuance of this act, by any justice or justices £neved may of the peace, as aforesaid, every such person may appeal to the qu^cr4cf.C justices of the peace at any general quarter sessions of the peace fionss to be held for the county, riding, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, and within four calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen, such appellant giving, or causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice; and every other person or persons, against whom such complaint shall be made, and within four days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs, as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions; and every such justice, and other person, having received notice of such appeal,

shall return all proceedings had before them, touching the matter of such appeal, to the said justices, at such quarter sessions, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every such neglect; and whose deter-the said justices, upon due proof of the notice given, and of the ndnarion entering into such recognizance, as aforesaid, shall hear, andbcfina* finally determine, the causes and matters of such appeal, in a fuemnary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed for the recovery of forfeitures and penalties under this act, and the determination of such quarter sessions, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and no proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this act shall be quashed or vacated for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except as herein-before mentioned, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Not to extend aft contained shall extend to that part Great Britain called to Scotland. Scotland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit. Limitation of or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any actions. person or persons for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, or in execution of any of the powers or authorities hereby given, every such action, suit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within the space of six calendar months next after the fast committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county, riding, division, or place, where the matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action, suit, or information, shall and may, at his or their election, plead specially, or the general issue, General issue. and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence: and if a verdict shall be given for the defendant; or if the plaintiff or

plain-

i to Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. [1773.

plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, suit, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; then the defendant of Treble costs. defendants shall recover treble costs, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

Publkkaff,

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That £> much of an act passed in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An off for the Utter preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England, as relates to heath fowl, commonly called Blatk Game, Or grouse, eommonly called Red Game, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. LVI.

An act for tbt more effectually refraining the retailing of distilled spirituous liquors -, and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any stamp or seal used for marking silks, callicoet, linens, and Jhtffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

\K7 WHEREAS the laws heretofore made to prevent the immodt- rate drinking of spirituous liquors, have, by reason of tbt smallness of the penalties by those efts imposed, been rendered in 0 great meqfure ineffectual, and ill-disposed persons are thereby 'encouraged to retail such liquors, without being first authorised and licensei thereto, whereby his Majesty is not only defrauded of his duties, but victuallers and others, who duly take out and pay for flub licences, art greatly injured: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present After July 5, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, ?7r '1 n?nT *anytim* ^rom an<* a^cr 'he fifth day of July, one thousand ma?.nspiritu- hundred and seventy-three, any person or persons shall

ous liquors, presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or strong wa- persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, ten, &c. her, or their benefit, to retail any distilled spirituous liquors, or cenceUt*rong waters, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, the shall for-n manner 28 ty t^e fe*c*l Statutes in that case made and pro-feU^ for every v»ded, and now in force is prescribed and directed, he, she, or offence 501. they, so offending, shall respectively forfeit and lofc the sum of If the offender fifty pounds for each offence.

shall be once

II. Provided always, That such offender who shall be prose-prosecuted for fa the penalty by this act given, shall not be again prose* LCfliaU n<rt*be Ctttc<* for t^lc km* offence by any former act, and that such again prose- offender as shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any cured for the former act, shall not be prosecuted again for the same offence, lime offence, by virtue of this present act, or any thing herein contained. Penaltiestobe

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cuKdfand're- That the penalty by this act imposed, shall and may be feed covered by for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by any law of ekeife now'in

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56

hi

in force, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any any law of of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and that one no* m moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, one moiety his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or to go to h» them, as shall sue for the same. Majesty,

IV. Provided always, That the said penalty of fifty pounds,

by this act imposed, shall not in any case, either by the com- ^hf0missioners of excise or justices of the peace, before whom any for the same, offender against this present act shall be convicted, be mitigated The penalty or reduced below the sum of five pounds. of 501, not to

V. And whereas by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign mitigated her late tnajeffy Sheen Anne, (intituledF, An act for saying several Ta"o Ann*, dudes upon all (ope and paper made in Great Britain, or im- 10 ported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens, and stuffs,

printed, painted, or (lained; and upon several kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain docks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lod exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea Company, for the use of the publick;,) it is, amongst other things, enabled. That there Should be raised, levied, coliested, and paid, to and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all silks, callicoes, linens, and /luffs, of what kind soever, Ufhich at any time or times within or during the term of thirty-two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, Should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, (such callicoes, linens, and fufiians, as Jl: ould be dyed throughout of one colour only, and stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value Should be woollen, always excepted,) the several and respective rates and duties therein expressei: and whereas, by an act passed in the third year of^ Qco i. the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled An act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal and intered on the orders made forth on tour lottery acts, passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reien; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall chuse to be paid their principal and arrears of intered in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned;

and

112 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. [1773.

and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen exported ;,) the said several rates and duties* and the powers* authorities* penalties* and forfeitures*for securing the same, made

Act is Anns, perpetual: and whereas by an act of parliament* in the twelfth

year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (intituled An act for laving additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, callicoes, and stuffs; and upon starch and exported coals; and upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majesty's supply*and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep-skins, and lamb>skins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and seamen for gun money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain shares of flock in the capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty 5) it is, amongst other things, enabled, That there Should be raised, levied* colie ft ea* and paid* to and for the use of her Majesty* her heirs and successors* for and upon all silks*callicoes* linens* and stuffs* of what kind Joever, which at any time or times within or during the term of thirty-two years* to be reckoned from the second day of August, one thousand seven hundred and fourteen* Should be printed* stained* painted* or dyed* in Great Britain* (such callicoes* linens* and fuflians* as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only* and fluff's made of woollen* or whereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen* always excepted*) the several and respe ftive rates and duties therein expressed: and whereas* by an act of parlia- Act 6 Geo. 1. ment made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First* (intituled An act for enabling the South Sea Company to increase their present capital stock and fund, by redeeming such publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising money to be applied for lessening several of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for Calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged, upon demand, at or near the exchequer;,) the said several rates and duties* and the powers* authorities, penalties* and forfeitures* for securing the same* are made perpetual: and whereas* for the belter securing the said rates and duties, it was by the said act of the tenth of Queen Anne enacted, That the commiftoners to be appointed for managing the said duties Should* at a time therein mentioned, provide proper seals or stamps for marking such of the said fllks, cailicots* linens, and stuffs* to be printed, painted, stained* or dyed in Great Britain, during the continuance of the said act; which said stamps* or any of them Should or might be altered or renewed from time to time* as her Majesty* her heirs or successors* Should think fit: and it was thereby further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever Should* at any time or times thereafter* counterfeit or forge any stamp or seal* to resemble any [lamp or seal which Should be provided or made in pursuance of that act, or Should counterfeit or resemble the imprejflon of the jame upon any of the said commodities changeable by that act* thereby to defraud her Majesty* her heirs

cr

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57; StTf

vr fuaeffors, of any of tho duties thereby granted; then every such ferfm Jo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, Should be adjudged a felon, and fbouldfuffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of tlergy; and whereas some doubts have arisen, whether fer/ons counterfeiting or forging any stamp or feed, to resemble any.flmp or seal renewed or altered by the commissioners of exctfe, in pur-fmce of the authority of the said act of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, or counterfeiting or resembling toe impression of such renewed or ottered ft amp or feat* are Subject to the penalties and paint of death in the said acts enabled and declared; and evil-minded persons have there fy been encouraged to counterfeit such renewed and altered stamps end foals: now, for obviating all such doubts, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, After July 5, ooethousand seven hundred and* seventy-three, if any person or773» person* persons whatsoever shall, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any stamp or seal already provided by the said reals; to be commissioners, or which shall hereafter be by them provided, punished at renewed, or altered, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impref-(ion of the same, upon any of the said commodities chargeable ciirey!1"1 by the said acts, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heifs or c successors, of any of the said duties thereby granted; then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. LVII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fourth year of his pre- Preamble;

sent Majesty's reign, (intituled An act to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in ftmerica, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now fubufting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same,) it is enabled, That from and after the first day ef September, one thousand f even hundred and tixty-four, no aft, order, resolution, or vote of offembly, in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, shall be made for creating or tffuing any paper bills, or bills ef credit, of any kind or denomination whatsoever, declaring such paper hlh or bills of credit to be legal tender in payments of any bargains, mtracts, deals, dues» or demands whatsoever; and that every clause end provision which Should thereafter be inserted in any act, order,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1773.

refohtion, or vote of assembly, contrary to the said afi, shall be null and void: and whereas the want of gold and silver currency in several of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America may make it necessary, as well for the publick advantage as in justice to those per-fens who may have demands upon the publick treasuries in the said colonies for services performed, that such publick creditors Jboutd be secured in the payment of their just debts and demands, by certificates* notes, bills, or debentures, to be created and issued by the authority of the general assemblies within the said colonies, on the securities of any taxes or duties given and granted to his Majesty by the said general assemblies, for and towards defraying expences incurred for publick services; and that such certificates, notes, bills, or debentures, Should be made chargeable on the publick treasurers of the said colonies, and received and taken by them as a legal tender in discharge of any such duties or taxes, or of any debts whatsoever, due to the publick treasuries of the said colonies, in virtue oj laws passed in the said colonics: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether, under the said recited Statute, such provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletnbled.

After Sept, i, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the 1773, certifi- day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-hree, any certificates, notes, bills, or debentures, which shall which maybe or may be voluntarily accepted by the creditor of the publick accepted by within any of the colonies in America, as a security for the pay-creduors of ment of what is due and owing to the said publick creditors, 5^America maY niac*c anc* enacted by the several general assemblies of as a security, the said colonies respectively to be a legal tender to the publick may be treasurers in the said colonies for the discharge of any duties.

passed within the same, and in no other case whatsoever; any thing in the aforesaid recited Statute in the fourth year of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

Not to extend If. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to to alter act alter or repeal an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the

*4 ^tf0 2* reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An

all to regulate and refrain paper bills of credit in his Majesty's colonies or plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Con* nedicut, The Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prroent the same being legal tenders in payments of

money.)

CAP. LVIII.

fin a£J for providing clergymen to officiate in gaols within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS there is no provifm made by law for the appointment of proper ministers to officiate in the fevered county

gaols

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 115

gaols within that part of Great Britain called England, and the principality of Wales: and whereas the appointment of ministers to such gaols, with a proper salary, for the due execution of their duty ns clergymen, would alleviate the distress of the persons under confine-must, and would greatly contribute to the purposes of morality and religion: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, assembled at the quarter sessions held for any county, riding, or division, within that part of Great Britain called England, and the principality of Wales, and they are hereby authorised and impower- juices to af-ed to settle and ascertain how many clergymen shall, by them, certain bow be deemed necessary to be employed in performing religious du- many clergy-tics, according to the rites of the church of England, in the fe- men are to be veral pals within their respective jurisdictions, and to settle and gTo5i % C|idm ascertain what duty shall be performed, and what salary shall be whatValary paid to every such clergyman, not exceeding fifty pounds, year- stall be paid ly, and every year. them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the treasurers of such Treasureri of counties* ridings, or divisions, receiving a certificate, signed by counties to the chairman of such quarter sessions, of the number of such^of*he*clergymen, and the salary to be respectively paid to them, shall rate$#

pay oat of the rates of such county, riding, or division, the several sums in the said certificate mentioned; and the said federal sums so paid in pursuance of this act, shall be allowed to the said treasurers by the justices before whom their accounts shall be passed.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the number of Justices to no-such clergymen, and the salary to be respectively paid to them, minate cler-shall have been settled and ascertained by ftiCh justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for justices of the peace at the quar- feS5 and, inter sessions, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to case of death, nominate and appoint, in every county, riding, or division, &c-to where the justices shall have so settled and ascertained the num- nate other, # ber of the clergymen, and the salary to be paid to them, as before mentioned, so many clergymen to officiate and perform divine service, according to the rites of the church of England, in the several gaols within such county, riding, or division, as shall have been so settled and ascertained by such justices; and in case any such clergyman or clergymen shall die, or shall be thought unworthy, by such justices, at the quarter sessions, to be continued in such office, then it shall and may be lawful for such justices, at the quarter sessions, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, as occasion shall require, any other clergyman to officiate in the room of such clergyman so dying, or so deemed to be unworthy to continue any longer in such office.

1 2

116 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59. [1773.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repealing so much of an all of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, as infills capital punishment for frauds and abuses in the marking or Jtamping of gold or Jiher plate \ and for infilling another punishment for the said offence.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a clause in an all of parliament, made in the

Act 31 Geo. a. thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for repealing the duty granted by an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, on silver plate, made, wrought, touched, afiayed, or marked, in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate; and for discontinuing all drawbacks upon silver plate exported; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the marking or damping of gold or silver plate); it is enacted, That if any person whatsoever shall cast, forge, or counterfeit* or_cause or pro- cure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or (lamp used, or to be used for marking gold or silver plate by the company of goldsmiths in London, or by the wardens, or assayer or a flayers, at York* Exeter, BriftoU Chester, Norwich, or Newca/ile upon Tyney or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any mark, (lamp, or impression, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, (lamp, or impression, made, or to be made, with any such damp used as aforesaid 5. or shall mark or damp, or cause or procure to be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any wares of brafc or other base metal, fil-vered or gilt over, and resembling plate of gold or silver, with any mark or damp which hath been, or shall be forged or counterfeited s or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed pr removed, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metal as aforesaid, any such mark, damp, or impression; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any vessel of such base metal, with any such counterfeit mark* damp, or impression thereon, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any such forged mark or damp; every such person, being lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy, be it enacted by the King's most Aclause there- excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords in repealed, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said clause shall, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next, be, and the same'tis hereby declared to be, repealed, persons coiin- H* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That terfeiting of if any person whatsoever, from and after the said twenty-ninth marks or day Q( September next, shall cast* forge, or counterfeit, or cause or

Goodie

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. 059. 117

or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or ft*!* stamp used, or to be used for the marking or damping gold^C01lJfi*

or silver plate, in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now J&ithi ui in force by the company of goldsmiths in London, or by the war- London, See. dens, or afiayer or afiayers, at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne> or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counter-feited, any mark, damp, or impredion in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, (lamp, or impression made, or to be made, with any mark or damp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them, or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any wares of brass or other bale metal silvered or gilt over, and resembling plate of gold or silver, with any nark or stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at any time, either before, on, or after the said twenty-ninth day of September next, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark or stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or or trapfoofing cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one piece ttamps from of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metalone rcce to as aforesaid, any mark, stamp, or impression, made or to^exposing such made, by or with any mark or stamp used, or to be used, asto lalei aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to lale, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any vessel of such base metal, as aforesaid, with any such forged' or counterfeit mark, stamp, or impression thereon, or any mark, stamp, or iknprcf-(ion which hath been, or shall be transposed or removed from any other piece of plate, at any time cither before, on, or after the said twenty-ninth day of September next, knowing such mark, stamp, or impression to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any mark or stamp which hath been, or shall be forged or counterfeited at. any time, either before, on, or after, the said twenty-ninth day of September next, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark or stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold on Conor silver plate, or any or either of them; every person offending % i&ion, be in any, each, or either of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof transported to lawfully convicted, shall, by order of the court before whom Aroeric* foc ouch offender shall be convicted, be transported to some of his 14 ycarf* Majesty's colonies or plantations in Amerifor the term of fourteen years.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6o, — 62[1773.

CAP. LX.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

An act for draining and preserving certain lands and grounds in the parities of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge $ and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the county of Lincoln. Commissioners names. Qualification of of Time and place of of meeting. What films shall be allowed at meetings, and that all orders to be made shall be at pi&iick meetings only* Commissioners, bow to be chosen, and their qualifications. Commissioners have power to appoint deputies. Penalty on acting if not qualified* Commissioners powers. Exemptions from taking earth. Commissionert not to injure the turnpike houses. Moles may be destroyed. Commissionera to appoint officers to open and (hut (luices. Penalty of 101. on officers opening or (hutting (luices contrary to orders. Regulations for the old drain. Commissioners to make orders for the draining of the lands and appoint officers who are to account. Officers not accounting to be commuted to gaol, Commissioners may assess owners, as they shall judge proper. Rates not to exceed 4.8. an acre. Certain laods to pay only the fourth part of the acre-tax. Lands to be surveyed. Tenants to pay taxes, and dcduft the same out of their rents. Lessees not to be allowed to deduct taxes. Manner of recovering rates. Lands untenacted to remain*security for taxes. Money may be borrowed by mortgage of taxes, not exceeding ro, ooool. Taxes veiled in creditors. Writings to be without Ramps. Persons destroying works, &c. how to be punished. Books of assessments to be kept. Proceedings to be entered in books. Occupiers to maintain their outring fences. Kinderley's Cut to be opened. Bedford Level corporation, apd the of of this act, shall contribute certain sums towards carrying on the said works. The temainder of the expence of opening the said cut out of the Nortly level, taxes how to be payed. Persons damaging the works how to be punished. The navigation of the cut shall be free. The mauner of towing on the side of the cut. The channel of the Wilbech river, and the sands adjacent, in the Bedford Level corporation, how veiled. The said corporation allowed to mark out the said sands $ and to grant leases thereof, as soon as they are capable of cultivation. Receiver of the taxes to take the rents and profits of the sands, fcc. The corporation may purchase salt marshes in Tid $t. Giles. The committee of the North Level of shall (uperin-tend such works as shall be done with the profits of the said sands $ and make up any deficiency that may be therein. Walpole and other marshes, may be drained. The river Bank on the North and North west of Kinderley's cut may be repaired. A certain piece of land in Tid faint Giles vested in certain persons, to be sold, and how the money is to be applied. Rights of governors, &c. of Bedford Level saved. Powers of Wisbech of over Tid Saint Giles to cease. Right of commissionera of sewers saved. The of under this act may agree with the of of iewers, &c. for draining of lands ioto Buckworth's drain. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXI.

An act for the better lighting and watching the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing all obstructions, encroachments, and nuisances therein.

CAP. LXII.

An act for letter regulating the and making of bread.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, there bath been, from time immemorial, a

wheaten bread, made of flour, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made: and whereas by an ail, passed in the thirty-Act 11 Geo. s, first year of the reign of George the An act for the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. 119

the due making of bread, and tp regulate the price aryl assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; and by an act passed in the third y'ar of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said recited act, 1 3.

two sorts of bread, made of wh(at only, are allowed to be made for "*

faU 1 (that is to say)* wheaten and household 5 whereby the flour, being the whole produce of the wheat, is so divided in the making of bread for fair* as that this standard wheaten bread, made according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, could be no longer made for sale: and whereas household brted, such as is intended by the said act of George the Second to be made for sale* is not generally made for sale, whereby, and for want of the Jaidflandard wheaten bread being continued, many inconveniencies have arisen, and many of the inferior classes of the people more especially, have been under a neteffily of buying bread at a higher price than they could afford, to their great hurt and detriment: for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be epacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present '

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand AfterSept.it seven hundred and seventy-three, a bread made of wheat as fol- i77, standard loweth; that is to say, of the flour of wheat, which flour, with- wheaten bread out any mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which shall and fold. ^Cd> weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it shall be made, may be, at all times, and is hereby allowed to be made, baked, exposed to or for sale, and fold, and shall be called and understood to be a standard wheaten bread.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That We; ^-cc the makers of the said bread for sale do and shall mark every and propor-9loaf thereof with the capital letters S. IV\ and that the makers tien* of the and fellers of the same do make and sell the same, although no ^ffecerit assize of bread be set of the weight, and in the proportions fol-oav<w* lowing} that is to say, That every standard wheaten peck loaf

shall always weigh seventeen pounds fix ounces avoirdupois, every half peck loaf eight pounds eleven ounces, and every quartern loaf four pounds five ounces and one half of an oqnce avoirdupois; and that every peck loaf, half peck loaf, and quartern loaf, shall always be sold, as to price, in proportion to each other respectively 5 and that where wheaten and household bread, made as the law now directs, shall be sold at the same time, together with this standard wheaten bread, they be sold in respect of and in proportion to each other, as followeth; that is to say. That the same weight of wheaten bread as costs eight-pence, the same weight of this standard wheaten bread shall cost (even-pence, and the same weight of household bread shall cost sixpence, or seven standard wheaten aflized loaves shall weigh equal to eight wheaten aflized loaves, or to fix household atiized loaves of the same price, as near as may be.

III. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That the said standard wheaten bread be not, nor shall be made into,net Vo biT

14 or

size, and fix ^he^price of

After Sept. 19,

120 Anno decimoterdoGcoroii111. 0.62. [1773.

sold at priced or exposed to or for sale, or sold as priced loaves, at one and loaves at one the same time, together with affixed loaves of the same standard*wheaten bread.

Magift rates

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

are, when they That all and every magistrate, ' magistrates, or others, who is think proper, and are, by the laws now in being, authorised and impowered to set the af- set ljlc assize and fix the price of bread, is, and are hereby authorised and required, whenever and where-ever he or they shall think proper, to let the assize, or to fix the price of bread9 in like manner, and at the same time to set the assize on, or fix the price of, the standard wheaten bread aforesaid, the baker's allowance for baking being included according to the rates and proportions severally and respectively set down in the following table.

______ _ V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

1773, maker* makers of bread for sale, and all persons who shall, after the of bread for said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ifbofeofa°d seventy-three, make and bake, for sale, and shall fell,: or thefameas expose to or for sale, the said standard wheaten bread, shall hereby direct- make, fell, and expose to or for sale the said bread as directed by cd* this act; and all such makers of the said bread for sale, and per*

fons felling, or exposing to or for sale, the said bread, shall be liable to the same or the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, in all respects whatsoever, for any mifdgmeanour or neglect in the making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for sale, the said standard wheaten bread, as they are liable to by the laws now in being, for any misdemeanour or neglect, in respect to making, marking, felling, or exposing to or for sale9 wheaten or household bread.

Tb« miller or

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-pralman fell- foresaid, That if any information shall be laid against any baker ed^flobr^shall0T ma^mS» marking, baking, or exposing to or for sale, any forfeit the pe- bread, purporting to be the standard wheaten bread aforesaid, naltiesdirect- made of flogr, not being the whole produce of the wheat, the £d bya6t ji bran or hull thereof only excepted, and weighing three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it was made, and such* baker shall prove that he bought the said flour, whereof his bread was made, as and for such flour, as aforesaid, of the miller or meaiman, naming his name and place of abode; then, and in such case, the baker shall stand clear and acquitted, and the miller or mealman fq offending, and being legally convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the penalties enacted and directed to be paid, in the case of adulterating corn, meal, qr flour, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of breads and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to punish per font who shall adulterate mealy floury or bread.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and where any magistrate, magistrates, or others,

authorised as aforesaid, shall have set an assize on or fixed the price ofstand- price of the said standard wheaten bread, as directed by this act,

all

Geo. i

Where magi strates shall have set an sflize on the

A T

I

I

J

J

a

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

or wherein he or they do exercise their trade or my* vt an opportunity of offering to such justices, as afora-uch objections as such company of bakers, or such

baker?

tm.ii y

tien.

ates shall

ive set an flze on the ice of ft and-

That when and where any magistrate, magistrates, or o authorised as aforesaid, shall have set an assize on or fixe price of the said standard wheaten bread, as directed by thi

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. izi

11 and every such person or persons so authorised, are hereby ard wheaten authorised and impowered to omit, if they think proper, the bread» other rtting an affile upon, or fixing the price of any other fort of Sw may o-°* tread. mit fixing the

price of any other fort of bread.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^fter Sept % 9t That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one, 773t justices, thousand seven hundred and seventy-tree, the justices of the at their quar-peace of every county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, andtcr place, at any general or quarter session of the peace which shall so^j^onths be held within their respective counties, riding, division, cities, the baking or towns, liberties, or jurisdictions, may, if they shall think pro- felling other per, prohibit, and they are hereby authorised and impowered brea<"tbw»'to prohibit, for three months, unless they shall see cause sooner beaten to revoke the order for such prohibition, which they are hereby 9

impowered to do at any adjourned quarter sessions, or any spe-dal sessions within their respective jurisdictions, or within any part thereof, the makers of bread for Tale from making for sale, baking, felling, or exposing to or for sale, any other one or more Tons of bread, being, or purporting to be, of a superior quality, and sold at a higher price than the standard wheaten bread aforesaid: provided that no such order for such prohibition do take place, or be in force, until one calendar month at t>ut no such lead after the date of the making thereof; and every order, which order shall shall be so from time to time made, in or touching the premises, take place till by any such justices, shall be entered in a book, to be provided month at and kept for that purpose by such justices, and which book shall ieaftf after the and may be inspeCied by the makers of bread for sale within the making the re* respective jurisdiction of any such justices, at all seasonable times, of in the day-time, and without paying any fee or reward in respect thereof: and after the making every such order by any such justices, the justices who shall make the same, shall, with all convenient speed, cause a copy of every such order to be af- of fixed or put up in some market, or other publick town, within order to be the division or part of the county, riding, liberty, rape, wapen- put up in some take, city, town, or place, in which such order is to be observed, and take place, or else such justices, within their respective ju- public* rilMions, shall cause a copy of every such order to be, with all news paper* convenient speed, after the making tnpreof respectively, inserted in some publick newspaper, which shall be published in the county, riding, division, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, or some part thereof, in which every such order respectively is to be observed, and take place.

IX. Provided always, That within the city of London, and Company of the liberties thereof, the company of bakers of the said city, and baken of in any other city, county, division, district, town, or place, any London, &c. baker or maker of bread for sale, bakers or makers of bread for !"*y offrr ob" sale, may, within the respective jurisdiction to which be or they such°p^olibi. do belong, or wherein he or they do exercise their trade or my- tien. fiery, have an opportunity of offering to fijeh justices, as aforesaid, all such objections as such company of bakers, or such

IZZ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l. iiyj],

bakers or makers of bread for sale, may have and think fit a offer against such prohibition as aforesaid, at the time when such justices, as aforesaid, shall have under consideration the ordering such prohibition as aforesaid.

Wheaten X. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

loaves, of the or be construed to extend, to prevent the magistrates and others, ad1Cnia w ' ^aws nown being, are authorised to set an assize

inad?and fold, on bread, from allowing at all times, and even during the rime according to'of such prohibition as aforesaid, if they shall think fit, any white aft 31 Geo. a. loaves or wheaten loaves of the price of one penny, or two-pence, to be made and fold, so that the said loaves be made, marked, baked, expo fed to and for sale, and fold according to the regulations of The table of assize and price of bread, contained in, and enacted by, an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second, intituled An act for the due*making of bread\ and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to

punish personss who shall adulterate mtal, flour^ or bread.

No assize to

XI. And whereat there may be many placet in thit kingdom, whin k fc* 0I?.the inferior clajfet of the people are used to and may be defirm of

iffol dntn fuPP^e(* bread made of wheats of a coarse and cheaper

lower price, for it ban the standard wheaten bread aforesaid \ be it hereby further as directed by enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may belaw-as 31 Geo. fui for any baker or maker of bread for sale, to make, bake, expose to sale, and fell, such inferior and coarser bread, provided he or she fells such bread at a price under that of the household bread, as directed to be made and sold by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of George the Second, intituled, AnaRftr the due making of breads and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to punish persont who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, although nothing in this act contained doth extend, or shall be construed to extend, to the setting any assize thereon.

Where any

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, baker ot bread That when and where any baker or maker of bread for-sale shall

l^r brcadCatr or exP°^c to fak* any inferior or coarser bread by the afilzed weights and prices whereat the household bread aforesaid is at

household that time afsized, or priced, or fold, he shall, for every such

bread price, offence, being duly convicted, be liable to the same, or like

able to the'* Pain-> penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, as bakers and penalties in- makers of bread for sale are now by law liable to for any the like {lifted by law. misdemeanour or neglect in making, felling, or exposing to or for sale, any other fort of bread allowed by law to be made or exposed to or for sale, and fold.

Magistrates to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every magi* 'have the Tame strate, magistrates, and others, as aforesaid, following the di-powers rela- reftions herein-before and herein after given, shall have, and fives to the they are hereby declared to have, all the same powers and au-

fclhpggofr thority to apply them, to all intents and purposes whatsoever,

bread as they relative to alfizing, pricing, and regulating, the making, felling, may have by or exposing to or for sale, the said standard wheaten bread, and any law novr punching the makers, feliers, and exposers thereof to or for in being. faiCj cQT^the like misdemeanour or neglect in the making,

marking*

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6212$

a)arktng, felling, or exposing the same to or for fate, as they have by any law now in being, relative to atfizing, pricing, making for fate, felling, or exposing to or for sale, any bread whatsoever, and in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers were recited and enacted therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all magistrates, and all Magistrates,

other persons whatsoever, shall be intitled to, and have all the fVhe privil° privileges, protedions, and indemnifications, in all respects icgcl p^. whatsoever, for what they shall lawfully do in putting this act teaions of the in execution, as they are intitled to, and have by the laws now laws in being in being relative to she making of bread, and felling, or exposing the same to or for sale, for putting the said laws in felling of execution. bread.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or Not to extend any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prejudice any to prejudice right or custom of the city of London> or the practice there used, the right or or any right or custom or any lord or lords of any leet, to set, £on.C esquire, and punish the breach of assize of bread within their don. or lords respective leets or views of frank pledge, or the right of any of leet: clerk or clerks of the market, in any place.

XVI. Provided further, and it is hereby likewise enacted, Nor ftaj| tWf That neither this act, nor any thing herein contained, shall ex- ad prejudice tend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient right the ancient or custom of the dean of the collegiate church of Saint Pater* n8ht or cuf-Westminster, or the high steward of the city of Westminster, and deTn°ofSt. the liberties thereof, or his deputy, or any of them, to set, af- Peter. West-certain, and appoint the assize and weight of all sorts of bread, roinster, &c, to be sold, or exposed to sale, within the said city of Westminster*

and the liberties thereof 5 but they, and every of them, shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within the said city of Westminster, and the liberties thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread, which shall be made, fold, or exposed to sale, by any person or persons within the limits of the said city of Westminster, and the liberties thereof; and shall and may esquire, and punish, the breach of every such assize and weight of bread as fully and freely, in all respects, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accustomed to do, and as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided likewise, That neither this act, nor any thing Nor shall any herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to thing contain., prejudice the ancient right or custom of the two universities of the^naent* Oxford and Cambridge* or either of them, or of their or either right of the of their clerks of the market, or the practice within the several universities of jurisdictions of the said universities, gr either of them, used to Oxford and set, ascertain, and appoint the assize and weight of all forts of CambliJ£e* bread to be sold, or exposed to sale, within their several juris-

didions; but that they, and every of them, shall and may fe-yprally and respectively, from time tq time, as there shall be occasion

' H4 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. f>3. 773*

eafion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within their several and re-fpdtive jurisdictions the assize and weight of all sorts of bread to be sold, or exposed to sale, by any baker, or other person whatsoever, within the limits of their several jurisdictions, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and shall and may esquire and punish the breach thereof as fully and freely, in all respects, as they used to do, and as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

All the laws

XVIII. And be it hereby declared and enacted by the autho-now in being rity aforesaid, That all the laws now in being, for the due for regulating making Of bread, or to regulate the price and assize thereof, or bread&c?to to Puni^ persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, do remain in full and shall stand and remain in full force, in the whole, and every force. part thereof, not altered by this present act.

Where the

XIX. And whereat doubts have arisen, whether by the said act,

chief magi- passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King

flracy ofa George the Second', where the chief magijlracy of any borough or cor-

wefo^irUwo* Poraiim ^es an&IS vefed in two bailiffs, one of the said bailiff's, in bail?fft!one of l^e °hfence the other, is, by the [said act authorised and impowered

them it tofet to set an afjtze on bread; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, an »flize on That in such boroughs and corporations, one of the said bailiffs, bread. in the absence of the other, shall be authorised and impowered

to set an assize on bread, under the said act, or this act, and to

do all other matters and things therein and hereby directed for

setting the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

[Preamble.]

TIT WHEREAS the several powers and authorities granted by charters to the united company of merchants ^England trading to the East Indies have been found, by experience, not to have sufficient force and efficacy to prevent various abuses which have prevailed in the government and administration of the affairs of the said United company, as well at home as in India, to the manifest injury of the publick credit, and of the commercial interefs of the said company, and it is therefore become highly expedient that certain further regulations, better adapted to their present circumstances and condition, Should be provided and established: and whereas the electing and chusing of dir eft ors of the said united company every year, in such manner as at present is prescribed by charter, has not artfwered the good purpefes intended thereby, but, on the contrary, by limiting the duration of their office to so short a time, evidently tends to weaken the authority of the court of dir eftor s, and to produce injiability in the councils and measures of the said company: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at the next

general

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63, 125

general ensuing election of directors of the said united compa- At the next

ny, instead of an election of twenty-four directors to serve for the space of one year only, there shall be chosen, in such man- of»4f

ner and order as the directors of the said united company for the there shall be

time being shall appoint, fix directors expressly for the term of chosen 6 di-

one year, and fix other directors for the term of two years, and

fix other directors for the term of three years, and the "remaining fa?

fix directors for the term of four years, and not otherwise; and two years} 6

from thenceforth yearly and every year, and at the expiration for three

of each and every of the said terms respectively, fix new direc- Zcar#» 6 for

tors, and no more, shall be chosen, from time to time, in the Cohere.

place of such directors whose term shall have expired, and who after yearly.

are hereby declared incapable of being then rechosen; and at

every subsequent election, during the continuance of the charter

of the said united company, fix new directors shall be chosen,

and shall continue to be directors for the term of four years, and

no longer, to be accounted from the day on which the election

of such directors was respectively made; and in case the office and authority of any such director shall become void by death,

removal, or, otherwise, another shall be chosen from time to

time in his place, to serve as a director during the remainder of such term for which the person whose office shall have become

void was chosen, and no longer.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or per-No P^son fons whatsoever, employed in any civil or military, station,

office, or capacity whatsoever, in the Eoji Indies or claiming or they East exercising any power, authority, or jurisdiction therein, shall be Indies, shall be capable of being appointed or chosen into the office of director, chosen into until such person or persons shall have returned to and been re- ^reftor until fident in England for the space of two years; any law or usage to he shall re-the contrary notwithstanding. turn, and be

III. And whereas it has been founds that the provision made by resident in the charter of the tenth year of the reign of King William the Thirds fj*o'agjrs, or under which, persons possessed of five hundred pounds flock are intitled Ass yranrsfcrg to vote in general court s* has been productive of much inconvenience in made in a the present situation of the company, and tends to promote the mifi collusive man-chievous practice of making collusive transfers* which practice hath ner»10 qualify not been sufficiently prevented by the provision made by an act of the

seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, whereby the right of

voting is limited to persons having been six calendar months in possession of their flock; be it further enacted, That all transfers of (locks whatsoever made to any person or persons, in any fraudulent or collusive manner, on purpose to qualify him, her, or them, to give his, her, or their vote or votes, at any election of members of the court of directors, or in any general court of the said united company, (subject nevertheless to conditions or agreements, either verbal or in writing, to defeat or determine such transfers, or to retransfer or return the same,) shall be deemed and taken against those persons who transferred the iame, as free and absolute, and be bolden and enjoyed, by all and every such person or persons to whom: such transfer shall be made.

and all bonds, Covenants, &c. with persons in trust, shall be null and Void i

and every person to whom transfers shall have been made, or who shall have voted by virtue thereof, at any election, who shall afterwatds retransfer the same, in consequence of any truth, &c. shall forfeit, for every offence, 1000l. to be recovered, with full coils, at Westminster; and after

Oct.i, I77J,

no proprietor shall vote at any elt&ion of diie&ors in respect of stock amounting to Itrfs than iocoI. nor itntii he shall have been pofldled of such it calendar months.

Every proprietor poflef-led of 30001. capital Hock shall be intitled to two votes at any cit&ion; if

Ariho decimo tertio GfcofcGli III. c. 63, £177

made, as aforesaid, freely and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all manner of trusts, conditions, powers of revocation, provisoes of redemption, or other defeasances between or with the said parties, or any other person or persons in trust for them; and that all bonds, covenants, notes collateral, or Other securities, contracts, or agreements, between or with the said parties, or any other person or persons in trail for them, or any of them, for the retransferring, redeeming, reyoking, or defeating such transfer, or for the restoring or retranfferring thereof, or any part thereof, to any person or persons who made such transfer, or to any other person or persons in trust for them, or any of them, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever: and that every person to whom such transfer shall have been made, and who shall have voted by virtue thereof, at any election of members of the court of directors, or in any general court of the said united company, and who shall afterwards retransfer or return the same* in confer quence of any trust, condition, powers of revocation, proviso of redemption, or other defeazance whatsoever, as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds; one moiety whereof shall go and be disposed of to any person who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; to be recovered, together with full costs of suit, by acticm of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and that from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no member or proprietor of the said united company shall be deemed qualified, or capable to vote, or be admitted to give any vote or votes, at any election of directors, or at any general court of the said united company, in respect of any (lock amounting to less than one thousand pounds, nor in respect of any flock transferred to him, her, or them, after the said first day of Ofiobity one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, until he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of such flock twelve calendar months, in his, her, or their own right, and riot in trust for any other person or persons whatsoever, freed and discharged of all incumbrances which can or may affect the same, unless such flock shall have been acquired, or shall have come to such proprietor by bequest, or by marriage, or by succession to any intestate's estates, or by the custom of the city of London, or by any deed of settlement after the death of any person who shall have been intitled for life to the dividends of such flock; any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author rity aforesaid, That every member or proprietor of the said united company, who shall be possessed, for the time or term aforesaid, in his or her own right, of three thousand pounds, capital stock of the said company, shall be intitled to give two votes at any election of directors, or at any ballot of the said

company;

1773.] Anno d dcrimo tettio Georgii III. c. 63.

company; and every member or proprietor who shall be possessed, for the time or term aforesaid, of six thousand pounds, in his or her own right, shall be intitled to give three votes; and every member or proprietor who shall be possessed, for the time or terra aforesaid, of ten thousand pounds or more, shall be intitled to give four votes at such election or bailot; and the oath and affirmation herein after respectively prescribed, shall, as occasion shall require, be altered in such manner as shall be necessary to comprise such right of voting.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That any member or proprietor of the said united company shall be deemed qualified or capable to vote, and shall be admitted to give his or her vote or votes, at any election of directors, or at any general court of the said united company, that shall be held after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, in respect of any such flock, not amounting to less than one thousand pounds, whereof he or the shaft have been possessed from the said first day of October % any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and the oath and affirmation herein after respectively prescribed, shall be as occasion shall require, altered in such manner in respect of the continuance of the possession of such flock, as to comprise the time aforesaid.

*27

possessed of 6000 J. he shall have three votes; and when possessed of 10, 000l.is intitled to four votes*

Every member (halt be deemed qualified to vote ac elections of directors, in respect of 10001. flock, after 0&. i,773*

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Upon efedHon That from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven ot directors, hundred and seventy-three, upon every election to be made of torftall01be- any member or members of the court of directors, and upon fore admitted every ballot to be taken at any general court of the said united to vote, take company, every member or proprietor of the said company the following shall, before admitted to vote at such election, or in such oath* general court, first take the oath hereafter mentioned before two or more of the directors of the said united company, who are hereby impowered to administer such oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, (or bring one of the people called Quakers, do solemnly affirm,) That the sum of one thousand pounds or more of the capital stock of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, /landing in my name, ' doth at this time bdongi and hath for the Jpace of twelve calendar months actually belonged to me, in my own right, and not in trull for any person or persons whatsoever; and that I have been in the actual receipt of the dividends and profits thereof for my own ufey freed and discharged of cU incumbrances which can or may affect the same, for the said space of twelve calendar months; or that the same came to me within the time aforesaid by bequest, or by marriage, or by succession to an intefiate's estate, or by the custom of the city of London, or by settlement; and that such flock has not been transferred or made to me fraudulently or colhdfruely on purpose to qualify me to give my vote; and that J have not before given my vote on this ballot.

So help me God.

and

128 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.

Perfom com- and in case any person taking the oath or affirmation hereby mining wilful appointed shall thereby commit wilful perjury, and be thereof corrupt!convicted; and if any person do unlawfully or corruptly procure Aborning or suborn any other person to take the said oath or affirmation, others so to in order to vote, whereby he or she shall commit such wilful do, shall be perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he, (he, and they, for penalties* in cve, 7 °ffence> tt*aH incur such Pa*n$ anc* Penalties as are Ad 5 Eliz. in and by two acts of parliament, the one made in the fifth year and a Geo. a. of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, an act for punishing such persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury, or suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury j the other made in the second year of his majesty King George the second, intituled, an act for the more effectual preventing, and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of perjury, and to make it felony to /leal bonds, notes % or other securities, for payment of moneys directed to be inflicted for offences committed contrary to the said acts.

A Governor- VII. And, for the better management of the said united company's general and affairs in India, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, feMors^be That, for the government of the presidency of Fort William in appointed, in Bengal, there shall be appointed a governor-general, and four whom the counsellors; and that the whole civil and military government

whole civil Df the presidency, and also the ordering, management, and

government^ g°vernment, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in of Bengal, the kingdoms of Bengal, Babary and Oriffa, shall, during such Bahar, and time as the territorial acquisitions and revenues shall remain in the possession of the said united company, be, and are hereby vetted. verted in the said governor-general and council of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as the same now are, or at any time heretofore might have been exercised by the president and council, or select committee, ii> the said kingdoms.

In case of dif-

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in ^blion0the a^ ca^cs w^at^oever wherein any difference of opinion shall arifo decision'of the upon any question proposed in any confutation, the said gover-major part to nor-general and council shall be bound and concluded by the be concluttve) opinion and decision of the major part of those present: and if death" re* °*, #t ^aPPen that, ty the death or removal, or by the absence, rnova], or ab* of any °fthe members of the said council, such governor-gene-fence, 'the go- ral and council shall happen to be equally divided; then, and in vernor or every such case, the said governor-general, or, in his absence, co£n* eldest councilor present, shall have a carting voice, and hiii*catting afC opinion shall be decisive and conclusive.

voice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Power of the That the said governor-general and council, or the major par: governor- of them, shall have, and they are hereby authorised to have, council.a 'Apower of superintending and controuling the government and

management of the presidencies of Madross, Bombay, and Beneooln respectively, so far and in so much as that it shall not be lawfu for any president and council of Madrass, Bombay, or Bencoolcn for the time being, to make any orders for commencing hostilities,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63.

or declaring or making war, against any Indian princes of powers, or for negotiating or concluding any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any such Indian princes or powers, without the consent and aporobation of the said governor-general and council fifft had and obtained, except in such cases of imminent necessity as would render it dangerous to postpone such hostilities or treaties until the orders from the governor-general and council might arrive; and except in such cases where the said presidents and councils respectively shall have received special orders from the said united company; and any president and council of Madrafi, Bombay, or Bencoolen, who shall offend in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be liable to be suspended from his or their office by the order of the said governor-general and council; and every president and council of Madrafi Bombay, and Bencoolen, for the time being, shall, and they are hereby re-fpdtively directed and required, to pay due obedience to such orders as they shall receive, touching the premises, from the said governor-general and council for the time being, and constantly and diligently to transmit to the said governor-general and council advice and intelligence of all transactions and matters whatsoever that shall come to their knowledge, relating to the government, revenues, or interest, of the said united company; and the said governor-general and council for the time being shall, and they are hereby directed and required to pay due obedience to all such orders as they shall receive from the court of directors of the said united company, and to correspond, from time to time, and constantly and diligently transmit to the said court an exalt particular of all advices or intelligence, and of all transactions and matters whatsoever, that shall come to their knowledge, relating to the government, commerce, revenues, or interest, of the said united company; and the court of directors of the said company, or their successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from time to time, before the expiration of fourteen days after the receiving any such letters or advices, to give in and deliver unto the high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, a true and exalt copy of such parts of the said letters or advices as shall any way relate to the management of the revenues of the said company; and in like manner to give in and deliver to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state for the time being, a true and exalt copy of all such parts of the said letters or advices as shall any way relate to the civil or military affairs and government of the said company; all which copies shall be fairly written, and shall be signed by two or more of the directors of the said company.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That Warren Hajlings esquire shall be the first governor-general; and that lieutenant-general John Clayering, the honourable George Monson % Richard Harwell esquire, and Philip Francis esquire, shall be the four first counsellors} and they., and each of them, shall hold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the term of ffve Volt. XXX. K years

129

Names of th* fiift governor-gencraj and councilor?, who shall continue in office five years after their arrival at

130 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63, [1773.

Fort William years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, lit Bengal. and taking upon them the government of the said presidency, and shall not be removeable, in the mean time, except by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon representation made by the court of directors of the said united company for the time being: and in case of the avoidance of the office of such governor-general by death, resignation, or removal, his place shall, during the remainder of the term aforesaid, as often as the case shall happen, be supplied by the person of the council who {lands next in rank to such governor-general5 and, in case of the death, removal, resignation, or promotion, of any of the said council, the directors of the said united company are hereby empowered, for and during the remainder of the said term of five years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the content of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be signified under his or their sign manual, a person to succeed to the office so become vacant in the said council; and, until such appointment shall be made, all the powers and authorities vested in the governor* general and council shall rest and continue in, and be exercised and executed by, the governor-general and council remaining and surviving; and from and after the expiration of the said term of five years, the power of nominating and removing the succeeding governor-general and council shall be vested in the directors of the said united company.

Time when

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the provisions That the said several provisions, relating to the said governor-governor and* 8cncra^ anc* council, shall commence and take place from and council shall immediately after the time that publick proclamation shall be commence, made of the arrival of the said governor-general and counsellors herein-before appointed, or any three of them, at Fort William. in Bengal \ which proclamation the said governor-general and council are hereby required to make.

The company

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, may appoint or be coniirued to extend, to prevent, controul, or restrain the puritance of un*tec* company from conllituting and appointing such former act« officers, factors, or agents, as they shall think proper and necef-r charters, fary, by virtue or in pursuance of any powers, rights, or privileges, granted to them by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any charter or charters, for managing, conducting, and tranlading the trade and commerce of the said company, at and within the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal His Majesty

XIII. And whereas his late majesty King George the Second did, may, by char- by his letters patent, bearing date at Westminster the eighth day of ter or letters January, in the twenty-sixth year of his reign, grant unto the Jaii KfcnaYuT un*tgd company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies preme court his royal charter, thereby, cmongfl other things, conflicting an^ of judicature establishing courts of civil, criminal, and ecdejiastical jurisdiction, at J* £?rt the said united company*s respective settlements at Madras-patnam*

William, ate. j^mbay, on the island ^Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal?

which said charter does not sufficiently provide for the due administra- lion of justice in such manner as the fate and condition of tbaompanyt 3

1773'1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.

presidency of Yon William in Bengal, long as the said company shall continue in the possession of the territorial acqutfetions before mentioned, do and must require; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by charter, or letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a supreme court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, to consist of a chief justice and threeother to consist of a judges, being barristers in England or Ireland, of not less than chief justice five years (landing, to be named from time to time by his Ma- other iu^ee his heirs and successors; which said supreme court of judi-

cature shall have, and the same court is hereby declared to have, full power and authority to exercise and perform all civil, criminal, admiralty, and ecclesiastical jurisdiction^and to appoint such clerks, and other ministerial officers of the said court, with such reasonable salaries, as shall be approved of by the said governor-general and council; and to form and establish such rules of

Sra&ice, and such rules for the process of the said court, and to o all such other things as shall be found necessary for the administration of justice, and the due execution of all or any of the powers which, by the said charter, shall or may be granted and committed to the said court; and also shall be, at all times, a court of record, and shall be a court of oyer and terminer, and goal delivery, in and for the said town of Calcutta, and factory of Fort William in Bengal aforesaid, and the limits thereof, and the factories subordinate thereto.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Extent of the authority aforesaid, That the said new charter which his Majesty iunfdMtion is herein-before impowered to grant, and the jurisdiction9 powers, and authorities, to be thereby established, shall and may charter j 7 extend to all British subjects who shall reside in the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Babary and OriJJay or any of them, under the protection of the said united company; and the same char- and of the ter shall be competent and effectual: and the supreme court of ruPrcmc coart judicature therein, and thereby to be established, shall have full of iu<1, c*turt-power and authority to hear and determine all complaints against any of his Majesty's subjects for any crimes, misdemeanours, or oppressions, committed, or to be committed; and also to entertain, hear, and determine, any suits or actions whatsoever, against any of his Majesty's subjects in Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfa9 and any salt action or complaint, against any person, who shall, at the time when such debt, or cause of action or complainty shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then have been, directly or indirectly, in the service of the said united company, or of any of his Majesty's subjects.

XV. Provided also, That the said court shall not be compe- Supreme teot, to hear, try, or determine, any indictment or information court to hear against the said governor-general, or any of the said council for fodittmern1*11* the time being, for any offence (not being treason or felony) and infom*. which such governor-general, or any of the said council, shall turns.

' charged with having committed in Bengal, Babar

fix. XVI. Pro-

or may ne

tad Oriffa.

*3? Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.

XVI. Provided allb, and be it enacted, That the said supreme thetiijy comlcourl hear anc* determine any suits or a#ions whatsoever of any of his Majesty's subjects, against any inhabitant of India residing in any of the said kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahart or OrtJfaj or any of them, upon any contract or agreement in writing entered into by any of the said inhabitants with any of his Majesty's said subjects, where the cause of action shall exceed the sum of five hundred current rupees; and where the said inhabitant shall have agreed in the said contract, that, in case of dispute, the matter shall be heard and determined in the said supreme court; and all such suits or a#ions may be brought, in the first infiance, before the said court, or by appeal from the sentence of any of the courts established in the said provinces, or any of them.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and provided, That nothing in this a# shall extend to subject the person of the governor-general, or of any of the said council or chief justice and judges respectively for the time being, to be arrested or imprison-

The governor-general, council, &c. not subject to be arrested or Imprisoned.

Appeal may be made to his Majesty ia council.

ed upon any action, suit, or proceeding in the said court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

So much of the charter granted byeo a new

That it shall and may be directed, in and by the said new charter which his Majesty is herein-before impowered to grant, that in case any person or persons whatsoever shall think himself, heKelf, or themselves, aggrieved by any judgement or determination of the said supreme court of judicature, to be established as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall and may appeal from such judgement or determination to his Majesty in council, his heirs or successors, within such time, in such manner, and in such cases, and on such security, as his Majesty, in his said charter, shall judge proper and reasonable to be appointed and prescribed,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said charter, granted by his said late Ma-^a^ fshould as respe<^s or relates to the establishment of the mayor's a new charter court at Calcutta aforesaid, in Bengal, or to the civil, criminal, be granted) to or ecclesiastical jurisdi#ion thereof, in the said united company's be repealed; settlement there, or the subordinates thereunto belonging, in case a new charter shall be granted by his Majesty in pursuance of this a#, and shall be openly published at Fort William aforesaid, from and immediately after such publication, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, to all intents and purposes: but nevertheless, the said charter, so granted by his said late Majesty, shall, in all other respects, and as for and concerning all or any other of the said company's principal presidencies or settlements to which the same relates, or to any fa#orics or places now or hereafter to be subordinate to such principal settlements, continue, be, and remain in full force and virtue, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and that as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this a# had never been made, or such new charter as aforesaid Should never have been granted.

All records

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and muni- That

othferwife to be in full force.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6$l 133

That all the records, muniments, and proceedings whatsoever, m«nts belong-of and belonging to the said mayor's court at Calcutta aforesaid, ngto or to the courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery at Fort *£akutra, WiBiam aforesaid, established by the said charter of his said late &c. to be de- Majesty, shall, from and immediately after such court of judica- Hwcd to, and ture, which his Majesty is herein-before impowered to erect, p.refenre<* by shall be established at Fort William as aforesaid, be delivered " new over, preserved and deposited for (afe custody, in the said new court of judicature, to which all parties concerned shall and may resort and have recourse, upon application to the said court.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Salaries etta-That during such time as the territorial acquisitions shall re- blid*d to the main in the possession of the said company, the court of directors

of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required chicf'ja<fce»*to direct, and cause to be paid, certain and established salaries to and judges, the governor-general, and to each of the council of the said united company's presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to the chief justice and each of the judges of such supreme court of judicature at Fort William, as shall be by the said new charter established; (that is to say,) to the governor-general twenty-five thousand pounds by the year, and to each of the council of the said united company's presidency of Fort William in Bengal ten thousand pounds by the year; and to the chief justice eight thousand pounds by the year; and to each of the judges of the said supreme court of judicature, at Fort William* six thousand pounds by the year: and that such salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively for the time being out of the said territorial acquisitions in the kingdoms of Bengal*

Bahary and Oriffa.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. When such That the salaries of such governor-general and council, and ofw, r*c#<hlft such chief justice and judges, of such supreme court of judica-

ture as aforesaid, shall take place and commence in respect to all such persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon, and from the day on which such person shall embark from Great Britain; and that the blaries of all such persons who shall, at the time of their appointment, be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their respectively taking uppn them the execution of their office as aforesaid; and rhat all such salaries to such governor-general and council, and of such chief justice and judges, shall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, and advantages, whatsoever; and that no fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, or advantages whatsoever, shall be accepted, received, or taken by such governor-general, and council, or by such chief justice and judges as aforesaid, or any of them, in any manner, or on any account or pretence whatsoever, other than such salaries and allowances as are in and by this act directed to be paid to them respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^aver* That no governor-general, or any of the council of the said or

K3 united shall not ao.

13. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63, [1773.

ccpt of any united company's presidency of Fort William in Bengali or any presenti chief justice, or any of the judges of the supreme court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, shall, directly or indirectly, by themselves, or by any other person or persons for his or their use, or on his or their behalf, accept, receive, or take, of or from any person or persons, in any manner, or on any account whatsoever, any present, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, pecuniary or otherwise, or any promise or engagement for any nor be con- present, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward; and that no gover-cerned in any nor-general, or any of the said council, or any chief justice or tran ration judgt of the said court, shall carry on, be concerned in, or have

tndfick. any dealing or transactions, by way of traffick or commerce of any kind whatsoever, either for his or their use or benefit, profit or advantage, or for the benefit or advantage of any other person or persons whatsoever, (the trade and commerce of the said united company only excepted \) any usage or custom to tho contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Nq person

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, holding a civil That from and after the first day of Augusti one thousand seven or m, Ut*5er huncfrcd and seventy-four, no person holding or e*ercising any office under the crown, shall accept any donation or gratuity*'

civil or military office under the crown, or the said united company in the East Indies, shall accept, receive, or take, directly or indirectly, by himself, or any other person or persons on his behalf, or for his use or benefit, of and from any of the Indian princes or powers, or their ministers or agents, (or any of the natives of Acts) any present, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, pecuniary or otherwise, upon any account, or on any pretence whatsoever; or any prdmife or engagement for any present, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward: and if any person, holding or exercising any such civil or military office, shall be guilty of any such offence, and shall be thereof legally convicted in such supreme court at Calcutta, or in the mayor's court in any other of the said united company's settlements where such offence shall have been committed \ every such person, so convicted, shall forfeit double the value of such present, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, so taken and received 5 one moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the said united company, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform or prosecute for the same; and also shall and may be sent to England, by the order of the governor and council of the presidency or settlement where the offender shall be convicted, unless such person so convicted shall give sufficient security to remove him or themselves within twelve months after such conviction.

Councilors,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theau* lbV cons^nd thorily aforesa^> That nothing herein contained shall extend, chaplains', ex- or construed to extend, to prohibit or prev ent any person or cepted. persons who shall carry on, or exercise the profession of a counsellor at law, a physician, or a surgeon, or being a chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving any fees, gratuities, or rewards, in the way of their profession.

XXVI. And it is hereby further etiafte^ by ihe authority aforesaid,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. x 3J

afore Aik), That every such present, gift, gratuity, donation, or The com-reward, accepted, taken, or received, and all such dealing or pany may pro. transaction, by way of traffick or commerce, of any kind what-nd soever, carried on, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be deemed and construed to have been received, waiving for- > taken, had, and done, to and for the sole use of the said united feiture*. company; and that the said united company, upon waiving all penalties and forfeitures, shall and may sue and prosecute for the recovery of the same, or the full value of such present or gift, or the profits of such trade respectively, together with interest, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 from the time of such present, gift, gratuity, donation, or reward, being received, or of such dealing or transaction, by way of traffick or commerce, as aforesaid, by action, for money had and received to the use of the said company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No collector. That from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven^VI[or> hundred and seventy-four, it shall not be lawful for any collec- ? by way for, superviser, or any other of His Majesty's subjects, employed oftraffick.*or concerned in the collection of the revenues, or the admini-

stration of justice, in the provinces of Bengal, Babary or OriJfay or their agent9 or servants, or any person or persons in trust for them, to buy any goods, wares, merchandise, or other commodities whatsoever, by way of traffick or trade, at any place within the provinces of Bengal\ Bahary and Orijfa, and to sell the same again, or any part thereof at the place where he or they bought the same, or at any other place within the said provinces respectively; and it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects in the said provinces, to engage* intermeddle, or be any way concerned, directly or indirectly, in the inland trade, in (alt, beetlenut, tobacco, or rice, except on the account of the said united company^ on pain of forfeiting all such goods or commodities which he shall so buy and sell again, by way of trafsick, or in which he shall so trade; and also treble the value thereof; one moiety to the said united company, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same, in the said supreme court; and every liich person, on con vision, shall, moreover, be liable to be sent to England, by such order as aforesaid, unless he or they shall give sufficient securiry to remove him or themselves, within twelve months after such conviction.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Not to restrai* shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or restrain}?', ?.^efty* any of his Majesty's subjects, or any person or persons whatso- {, er«n pro-aver, (except such persons as are by this act prohibited and hibited: retrained from being concerned in trade) from carrying on or exercising any trade or traffick within Fort William, and the

town of Calcutta.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the au- Not to extend thority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or ^bt^nor be construed to extend, to prohibit or prevent any such person [oitlUng «er-

- k 4 or

by

13$ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.

chandifei pof- or persons who is, are, or shall be hereby refrained from carry-foiled by per- ing on any trade, or being concerned in the buying or selling such^ohibi any &00<*s* warcs> merchandises, or other commodities whatso-tien take'*ever, by way of traffick or trade, as aforesaid, or from being any place. way concerned in the inland trade in salt, beetlenut, tobacco, or

rice, from collecting in their outstanding debts, or from felling and disposing of the goods, wares, merchandises, effects, and (lock in trade, of which such person or persons shall severally be possessed, at the time when such prohibition shall respectively take place, so as each such person or persons who, by this act is, are, or shall be so restrained, shall, and each and every of them respectively do, deliver in to such governor-general and council of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and QriJJa, aforesaid, within thirty days from the time when such restriction, and prohibition shall take place, as aforesaid, a full, true, and just specification, upon oath, of the goods, wares, and merchandises* effects, and (took in trade, of which he or they shall be at that r time so respectively possessed; and so as such person or person*

shall and do sell and dispose of such goods, wares, merchandises, s effects, and (lock in trade, within the space of nine months after such restriction and prohibition, as aforesaid, shall commence and take place; and so as no new trade or concern in commerce or merchandise be entered into, contracted for, or carried on, by such person or persons.

No person

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, flull take, on That no subject of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the above" Indies* shall, upon any contract which shall be made from

tJsVraU of anc* a^ter l^c day of August, one thousand seven hunr

1 % per cent, died and seventy-foqr, take, directly or indirectly, for loan of

ptr annum. any monies, wares, merchandise, or other commodities whatsoever, above the value of twelve pounds for the forbearance of one hundred pounds for a year \ and so after that rate for a (greater or less sum, or for a longer or shorter time; and that all bonds, contracts, and ^fftirances whatsoever, made after the fime aforesaid, for payment of any principal or money to be lent or covenacted to be performed upon, or for any usury whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the rate of twelve pounds in the hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly Person* by vp'd: and all an every such person or persons whatsoever who eovm accept- shall, aftpr the time aforesaid, upon any con trad to be made lhflH'orieit!|C" a^ler kid first day of August^ one thousand seven hundred far every of- and fevepty-four, take, accept, and receive by way or means of foot*, treble any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, fhifr, or interest of any the value j waies, merchandises, or other thing or things whatsoever, or by any deceitful way or mean, or by any covin, engine, or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year of and for their money or other thing, above the sum of twelve pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser sum, or for a longer or shorter term, shall forfeit and lose, fcjr every such offence, treble the value of the fpopje$, wares?

*37

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63.

siercbandifes, and other things so lent, bargained, exchanged, or (histed, with costs of suit, one moiety whereof shall be to the One moiety fcid united company, and the other moiety to him or them who to go to the will sue for the same in the said supreme court of judicature at Ftrt William in Calcutta, or in the mayor's court in any other of the pr^c_ the said united company's settlements where such offence shallcutor, have been committed, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in which no essoin, wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed; and in case no such action, bill, plaint, or information,

shall have been brought and prosecuted with effect within three years, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the party aggrieved to sue and prosecute for recovery of all sums of money paid over and above such rate of interest.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no informer or Persons mak-plaintiff shall or may compound or agree with any person or Ipg compofi-persons that shall offend, or shall be fiirmifed to offend, against this act, for any offence committed, or pretended to be com- w of the mined, before answer made in the said supreme court, unto aft, the information or suit in that behalf exhibited or prosecuted, nor after answer, but by the order or consent of the said court,

?n pain that if any perkm or persons shall offend in making of my composition or agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or shall by colour or pretence of process, or without process, upon colour or pretence of any matter of offence against this act, make any composition, or take any money, reward, or promise of reward, for himself, or to the use of any other, without order or consent of the said court; that liable to be then, he or they so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, imprisoaedat shall, for every such offence, be liable to be fined and imprisoned, at the discretion of the said court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Persons who

said. That from and after the said first day of k

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall w w

fill for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall have been resign/&c. dismissed from, or shall have voluntarily resigned, the service of the said united company, or for any free merchant, free mariner, or other person, whose covenants or agreements with the said united company for residing or trading in India shall be expired, from thenceforth to carry on or be in anywise concerned in any trade, trafsick, merchandise, or commerce whatsoever, in the East Indies, other than for the disposal of his or their (lock in not to be con-hand, without the licence of the said united company, or the earned in any governor-general and council of the presidency of Fort William oth^r than for in Bengal, or the preiident and council at the place or settlement disposal of where such person or persons shall reside for that purpose, first stock in hand, had and obtained,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Servants of said. That from and after the said first day of August* one thou- the company (and seven hundred and seventy-four, if any of his Majesty's profited w subjects in India* employed by, or in the actual service of the said uqitfd company, shall be charged with and prosecuted for convftiaiu

SMiy

138 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.

to be fined or any breach of publick trust, or for embezzlement of publick imprisoned at money or stores, or for defrauding the said united company;

of Cthe cotirt0 every °ffcn<kr, being convicted thereof, in the find supreme court of judicature, or in any court of judicature in any other presidency or settlement in India, may be fined and imprisoned, and adjudged to be for ever after incapable of serving the (kid united company, at the discretion of the court before which he shall be tried; and immediately after the sentence of such coart shall have been executed and inflicted, shall and may be sent over to England, by such order, and in such manner, as is here-in-before mentioned and directed, unless he shall remove hitn-self within twelve months, and in the mean time give sufficient security so to do. f

Offences to be

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all offences and misdemeanours which shall be laid, lrjc^ and enquired of in the said supreme court, shall be tried by a jury of British subjcAs resident in the town of Calcutta, and not otherwise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-com unci or That aficr any judgement of the said supreme court of judi-difctwge"en- c^ure, or of any court of judicature at any of the said united

company's settlements, against any of the said united company's servants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty, due or belonging to the said united company, shall be made known to the court of direAors for the time being of the said united company, it shall not be lawful to release or compound faeh sentence or judgement, or to release, discharge, or put a flop to any prosecution, suit or action, commenced or to be commenced, for carrying on any illicit trade, or for any debt or penalty due to the said united company, or to restore any servant or servanti whatever of the said company, who shall have been removed or dimified from his or their office or employment, for or upon account of any misbehaviour, without the consent of three parts in four of the said court of direAors, to be taken by bailot, and also the consent of three parts in four in number of the proprietors of the said united company, who shall be present, and give their votes by bailot, to be taken at a general court to be specially called for that purpose, and of which fourteen days publick notice, at the lead, shall be given before the holding the same, and of the particular occasion for which such general court shall be called.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

neral and - said, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor-general council may an(j councj| of the said united company's settlement at Fort regulations as WiUiQm in Bengal, from time to time, to make and issue such may appear rules, ordinances, and regulations, for the good order and civil juitj government of the said united company's settlement at Fort

William aforesaid, and other faAories and places subordinate, or to be subordinate thereto, as shall be deemed just and reasonable, (such rules, ordinances, and regulations, not being repugnant to the laws of the realm,) and to set, impose, inniA, and

levy,

tcnces of the supreme court, See.

ot enrim subjedU.

The company may,

1773O, Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. 139

levy, reasonable fines and forfeitures fqr the breach or non-obtcrvance of such rules, ordinances, and regulations; but which shall neverthelefe the same, or any of them, shall not be valid, or of not be valid any force or effect, until the Jame shall be duly registered and u.n"l "

published in the said supreme court of judicature, which shall be, Spremem by the said new charter, estabiithed, with the consent and appro- court, bation of the said court, which registry shall not be made until the expiration of twenty days after the same shall be openly pub- ished, and a copy thereof affixed in some conspicuous part of the court-house or place where the said supreme court shall be held; and from and immediately after such regidry as aforesaid, the same shall be good and valid in law; but nevertheless, it Appeal* may shall lawful for any person or persons in India to appeal there-to- tJ^de from to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in council, who arelou^i^who hereby impowered, if they think fit, to set aside and repeal any may repeal such rules, ordinances, and regulations respectively, so as such such rules \ appeal, or notice thereof, be lodged in the said new court of judicature, within the space of sixty days after the time of the registering and publishing the same; and it shall be lawful for any person or persons in England to appeal therefrom in like manner, within sixty days after the publishing the same in England; and it is hereby directed and required, that a copy of all and a copy of such rules, ordinances, and regulations, from time to time, as*)1 regul*-the famje shall be so received, shall be affixed in some conspicuous and publick place in the India House, there to remain and i^a House. lje resorted to as occasion shall require; yet nevertheless, such appeal shall not obstruct, impede, or hinder the immediate execution of any rule, ordinance, or regulation, so made and registered as aforesaid, until the same shall appear to have been set aside or repealed, upon the hearing and determination of such appeal.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the au- Governor-ge-thority aforesaid, That the said governor-general and council neral and shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to cb-

transmit copies of all such rules, ordinances, and regulations, as pic, their they shall make and iffqe, to one of his Majesty's principal rules to one secretaries of date for the time being, and that it shall and may of the fccre-be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from varies of statej time to time, as they shall think necessary, to signify to the said united company, under his or their sign manual, his or their disapprobation and disallowance of all such rules, ordinances, and regulations; and that from and immediately after the time which if his that such disapprobation shall be duly registered and published in the said supreme court of judicature at Fort William in dirallowance* Bengal, all such rules, ordinances, and regulations, shall be null shall have and void; but in case his Majesty, his heirs and successors, full force.

shall not, within the space of two years from the making of such rules, ordinances, and regulations, signify his or their disapprobation or disallowance thereof, as aforesaid, that then, and in that case, all such rules, ordinances, and regulations,

shall be valid and effectual, and have full force.

14a Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.

Governor-ge-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-neral and said, That the governor-general and council for the time being eonncil to aO of the said united company's settlement at Fort William afpre-. peace.^" an<* c^, c^ just*0* and other judges of the said supreme*court of judicature, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively declared to be, and to have full power and authority to act as justices of the peace for the said settlement, and for the several settlements and factories subordinate thereto; and to do and transact all matters and things which to the office of a justice or justices of the peace do belong and appertain; and for that purpose the said governor-general and council are hereby authorised and impowered to hold quarter-sessions within the said settlement of Fort William aforesaid, four times in every year, and the same shall be at all times a court of record.

If the gover-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nor-general. That if any governor-general, president, or governor, or council commit of °* any^company's principal or other settlements in

fencM^the' India, or the chief justice, or any of the judges of the said same may be supreme court of judicature, to be by the said new charter estab-tmd and dc- listed, or of any other court in any of the said united company's "f tenements, or any other person or persons who now are, or Kin^sBench. heretofore have been employed by or in the service of the said united company, in any civil or military Ration, office, or capacity, or who have or claim, or heretofore have had or claimed, any power or authority, or jurisdictMon, by or from the said united company, or any of his Majesty's subject residing in India, shall commit any offence against this act, or shall have been, or shall be guilty of, any crime, misdemeanour, or offence, committed against any of his Majesty's subjedb, or any of the inhabitants of India, within their respective jurisdictions, all such crimes, offences, and misdemeanours, may be respectively enquired of, heard, tried, and determined in his Majesty's court of King's Bench, and all such persons so offending, and not having been before tried for the same offence in India, shall, on conviction, in any such case as is not otherwise specially provided for by this act, be liable to such fine or corporal punishment as the said court shall think fit; and moreover shall be liable, at the discretion of the said court, to be adjudged to be incapable of serving the said united company in any office, civil or military 5 and all and every such crimes, offences, and misdemeanours, as aforesaid, may be alledged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, and tried in the county of Middlesex. Manner of XL. jfnd whereas the provisions made by former laws for the procedure in hearing and determining in England offences committed in India have cates ot in- faen fmni ineffectual, by reason of the difficulty of proving in this

fnfemaftons kingdom ntotters done there 5 be it further enacted by the autho-

laid in the rity aforesaid, That in all cases of indictments or informations,King's Bench, laid or exhibited in the said court of King's Bench, for milde-meanours or offences committed in India, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's said court, upon motion to be made on

behalf of the pro&cntor9 ox of the defendant or defendants, to

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63.41

award a writ or writs of Mandamus, requiring the chief justice and judges of the said supreme court ox judicature for the time being, or the judges of the mayor's court at Madrass, Bombay* or Bencoolen, as the case may require, who are hereby respectively authorised and required accordingly to hold a court, with all convenient speed, for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in such indictments or informations respectively; and, in the mean time, to cause such publick notice to be given of the holding the said court, and to issue such summons or other process, as may be requisite for the attendance of witnesses, and of the agents or counsel, of all or any of the parties respectively, and to adjourn, from time to time, as occasion may require; and such examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publickly taken vivd voce in the said court, upon the respective oaths of witnesses, and the oaths of (ktlful interpreters, administered according to the forms of their several religions; and shall, by some sworn officer of such court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in case any duplicate or duplicates Should be required by or on behalf of any of the parties interested, and shall be sent to his Majesty, in his court of King's Bench, closed up, and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the said court, and one or more of the said judges shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same; which said agent or agents, (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come, )

shall deliver the same to one of the clerks in court of his Majesty's court of King's Bench, in the publick office, and make oath that he received the same from the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India* (or, if such agent be dead, in what manner the lame came into his hands;,) and that the same has not been opened, or altered, since he so received it, (which laid oath such clerk in court is hereby authorised and required to administer:,) and such depositions, being duly taken and returned* according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be allowed and read, and shall be deemed as good and competent evidence as if such witness had been present, and sworn and examined viva voce at any trial for such crimes or tnifdemean-ours, as aforesaid, in his Majesty's said court of King's Bench* any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all parties concerned shall be intitled to take copies of such depositions at their own costs and charges.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Offences said. That in case the said chief justice or justices of the said »g»nft this supreme court of judicature, or any of them, for the time being,

shall commit any offence against this act, or be guilty of any chief justices corrupt practice or other crime, offence, or misdemeanour, in or judges to the execution of their respective offices, it shall and may be law- bedetermined ful for his Majesty's said court of King's Bench in England, upon b]^.* c?l, rt an information or indictment laid or exhibited in the said court, a

for such crime, offence, or misdemeanour, upon motion to be

made

14*

The chancellor, or speaker of the bo life of commons, may issue warrants for the examina-tien of wit-neffesin India; which shall be deemed competent evidence to both houses of parliament.

No proceedings in parliament. touching offences in India, to be discontinued by any prorogation.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6 % [1773.

made in the said court, to award such writ or Writs of Mandamus, as aforesaid, requiring the governor-general, and council of the said united company's settlement at Fort William aforesaid, who are hereby respectively authorised and required accordingly to assemble themselves in a reasonable time, and to cause all such proceedings to be had and made as are herein-before respectively directed and prescribed concerning the examination of witnesses; and such examination, so taken, shall be returned and proceeded upon in the same manner, in all respects, as if the several directions herein-before prescribed and enabled in that behalf were again repeated.

XLII. And be it further eftasted, by the authority aforesaid, That m all cases of proceedings in parliament, touching any offences against this act, or any other offtnees committed irt India, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high chancellor, or speaker of the house of lords^ and also for the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, in like manner, to iffud his or their warrant or warrants to the governor-general and council of the said united company's presidenejr of Fort Wiliam, and to the chief justice and judges of the said supreme cotirt of judicature, or the judges of the mayor's cOutt at Madrass, Bombay, or Bencoolen, as the case may require, for the examination of witnesses; and such examination shall be returned to thd said lord high chancellor, or speaker of the house of lords, or to the speaker of the house of commons respectively, and proceeded upon in the same manner, in all respects, as if the several directions herein-before prescribed and enacted in that behalf were again particularly repeated; and every such examination, returned cither to the lord chancellor, or speaker of the house of lords, or to the speaker of the house of commons, as aforesaid, shall be deemed good and competent evidence, and shall be allowed and read in both houses of parliament, or either of them respectively, as occasion may require j any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereds, by the usage and custom of parliament, no proceedings by bill in parliament have continuance from one fejfon to another; and whereas it would be impracticable that the examination taken upon such warrant, as cforejhid, could ever be returned within the ordinary length of a fejfon of parliament 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Uoitetn-ber, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, no proceedings in parliament touching any offence committed, or to be committed, in India, wherein such warrant as aforesaid shall have been issued, shall be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of the parliament, but that such proceedings may be resumed and proceeded upon in a subsequent session, or in a lub-ftquent parliament, in either house of parliament, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as they might have been in the course of one and the same session; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And whereas- his Majtjifi subjects ere liable to be defeated

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64» .143

seated of-their feverdl rights, titles, debts, dues, demands, /a/7j, writs of Maru

they have cause arising in India against other subjects of his damus may be Majesty $ /wu/, for preventing such failure of justice, be it further a*'arded enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when, and as often as wcftmhjfter the said united company, or any person or persons whatsoever, when the shall commence and prosecute any action or suit, in law or company equity, for which cause hath arisen, or shall hereafter arise in commence India, against any other person or persons whatever, in any of o/eVuity^ his Majesty's courts at Westminster, it shall and may be lawful there, for such court respectively, upon motion there to be made, to provide and award such writ or writs, in the nature of a Mandamus, or commission, as aforesaid, to the chief justice and judges of the said supreme court of judicature for the time being, or the judges of the mayor's court at Madrass, Bombay, or BencooUn, as the case may require, for the examination of witnesses, as aforesaid; and such examination, being duly returned,

shall be allowed and read, and shall be deemed good and competent evidence, at any trial or hearing between the parties in such cause or action, in the same manner, in all retpests, as if the several directions herein-before prescribed and enacted in that behalf were again repeated.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no such depositions, taken and returned as aforesaid by virtue of cd>lto 'a* this act, shall be allowed or permitted to be given in evidence in lowed as evi-ahy capital cases, other than such as shall be proceeded against dence, in any in parliament; any thing in this act contained to the contrary no^ roceeded notwithstanding. awiSftiTpar.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, liament.

That all and every the rights, interests, powers, privileges, and The privi-authorities, which are now vested in the said united company of leges of the merchants trading to the East Indies, and which are not hereby company, not expressly taken away, altered, or varied, shall remain to, and^'

continue in the said company, in as full and ample a manner, in force. to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this act had never been made.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Publick act. said. That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; of which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIVV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies do at present labour, and have, for same time paf % laboured under great and unusual difficulties in the

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64* [1

carrying on of their affairs, from which it greatly imports the publick* as well as the said united company, that they Should, as speedily as possible, be relieved: and whereas the said company, finding themselves under the necessity of applying to parliament for relief, did, by their petition to the house of commons, make application far the loan of one million five hundred thousand pounds, or so much as Should be Wanted to be advanced, and repaid in such manner, and to be attended with fitch other conditions and provisions as in their said petition is set forth, in consequence whereof the house of commons, came to several restations, specifying the terms upon which it might be expedient for the publick to advance to the said united company the fium of one million four hundred thousand pounds, and the several limitations which ought to accompany such loan: and whereas the said united company did, by a subsequent petition, declare their determination to depend on the laws of their country, and fiubmit to the temporary difficulties which may attend the present Jkuation of their affairs, rather than receive the loan offered to them upon the conditions prescribed: and whereas, in case the said company Should not be forthwith affijltd by the publick with the advance of a considerable sum of money, they would remain altogether unable to provide for the payment of their debts, same of which debts being due to the publick, and others to the governor and company of the bank England, the payment thereof could not long

be postponed without great prejudice to the publick firvice, and disadvantage to publick credit, and yet could not be expedited or secured otherwise than by the use of such methods as must be attended with consequences the most fatal to the said united company; and, forasmuch as upon moderation of the several matters before mentioned, it appears absolutely necessary that immediate provision Should be made by parliament for giving affifiance to the said company, in such manner, and upon such terms, as may be btft calculated for effecting the preservation of the said united company, and the reejlablishment of their affairs, without leaving it in the power of the general court of proprietors, by withholding their consent to the acceptance of fieeb affifiance, to expose, at once, each separate proprietor of East India fiock, the company itself, the creditors of the company, and the publick, to all the mischiefs which mufi attend the want of such affifiance, as aforesaid: and whereas it hath been resolved that a sum, not exceeding one million four hundred thousand pounds, be granted to his Majesty, so be applied for the purpose of relieving the East India Company, and for securing to the creditors of the said company a more speedy satisfaction of their demands: now, to the end that no want or failure may happen or be made by reason or means of such grant, and the application of the same, in the aids granted, or to be granted, in this session of parliament, for defraying the several publick services, and for answering which the said aids were, or may be intended to be applied} and for the better supplying the said sum tf one million four hundred thousand pounds, and applying the same in the mofi effectual manner for the purposes above mentioned \ avc your Majesty's most dutiful^and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 145

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfem-bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may Comrotflion-be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, ere of the now and for the time being, or any three or more of them, or lretluT» for the high treasurer for the time being, and he and they re- °a*spectively are hereby authorised and impowered, at any time or cau?< cxche-times before the first day of October, one thousand seven hun- quer bills, for dred and Seventy*three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to M*o°»oooo! to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his rslief of the^ Majesty's exchequer, any number of exchequer bills for Such gast i^ia sum or Sums of money as he or they shall think most proper company, and convenient, so as all the principal monies to be contained in the bills lb to be made forth by virtue of this act do not exceed in the whole the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, (exclusive of any exchequer bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other act or acts pa fled in this session of parliament for the publick service;,) and the said exchequer bills, so to be made forth in pursuance of this act,

shall bear an interest, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and proportionably for any greater or less sum to be contained therein, to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; which said exchequer bills shall be made out in according to the like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or the rule* in like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present ^ Geo. session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and grant- 3, 15 tQ % ing to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and Perry*for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three % are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills authorised to be made forth in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clanfe* in tht

That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, malr-rax «d advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in l°

the said last mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made out by the same ad, (except such clauses

as do charge the same on the duties granted and contained by the same ad, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned, )

shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last-mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- The exche-rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out quer bill* by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been jjf imied at the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time t?J9 j before the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1773.

seventy-nine, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine 5 nor shall any receiver or collector exchange, at any time, before the said sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money before the said sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any thing in the said act made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties ufm malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousoni seven hundred and seventy-three, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, q^birrC That all such exchequer bills, together with the interest, pre-with the in- mium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the same, shall terect, &c to^and arc heret>y charged and chargeable upon, and shall be on the'nTonies rcPa^ and borne by and out of the monies to be paid into the to l>r paid into receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the united company of the exchequer merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the manner, by the East and at the times, here; n-after directed and appointed: and in 'y Com" case such monies, Co to be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall not be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the principal monies contained in such exchequer bills, together with all the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to and attending the same, and that shall incur, and grow due thereupon before the said sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; then, and in such case, the said exchequer bills, or such part thereof as shall remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the interest due, or to grow due thereupon, and all other charges and expences incurred, or to be incurred, in respeef of the same exchequer bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of all or any the aids or supplies that shall or may be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: and, in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, then all the said exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as at any time or times at or after

6 the

nor be exchanged.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 14?

the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Seventy-nine, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or ad\s of parliament in that behalf;,) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills so remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges* until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money Sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable, on demand, to the re-speeftive proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Monies issued said. That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said fur- out of the phisles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, compo- sinking found sing the said sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced to

by and out of the first aids or supplies to be then after granted^geral[tC£i# in parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Governor of That'it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company the bank of of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the ^land/?ay receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of the exchequer bills e f C directed to be made forth by virtue of this act, any sum or sums 1, 400, 0001. at of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million the receipt of four hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an a made in cxchc<lucr* the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen

Mary, intituled An act for granting to' their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale> and other liquors, for securing certain recompences and advantages in the said act mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And forasmuch as it is most immediately necessary, as well for Manner in the relief of the said company as for the benefit of the publick service,

that certain debts due from the said company to the publick, and cer- Ifl^he fejlf tain other debts due from the said company to the governor and com- sum for de-pany of the bank of England, should be without delay discharged; it fraying the is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and debu the may be lawful to and for the said of of the treasury company* now and for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to issue and apply, or cause to he issued, paid, and applied, at the receipt of the exchequer, the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, (directed by this act to he raised by making forth exchequer bills), so far as the same will extend towards Satisfying, paying, and discharging, such debts of the said company,

*4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1773.

in manner following; (that is to lay). That, out of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, there shall, in the first place, he issued and paid to the receiver*general of his Majesty's customs all such sum or sums of money as are now due and payable to his Majesty for any custom-duties, subsidies, or impositions whatsoever, and shall be remaining unpaid by the said united company; and, in the next place, there shall beiflu-cd and paid out of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, the sum of one hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one shilling, and threepence, and seven-twentieth parts of a penny, to such person or persons as the said of of the treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of ihem, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, by his or their warrant or warrants* authorise and direct to receive the same; which sum of one hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one shilling, and three-pence, and seven-twentieth parts of a penny, by an act of the last session of parliament, was directed to be paid by the said united company into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to complete the whole of the monies due to the publick for making good to the publick the deficiency of the duties on tea for four years ended the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and also there shall be issued and paid unto the same person or persons the further sum of eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight millings and seven-pence and two-fifth parts of a penny, to satisfy and make good to the publick the deficiency of the duties on tea on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, according to an account made up and delivered to the chairman of the said united company, pursuant to the directions of the said last mentioned act; which said sums of one hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds one shilling and three-pence, and seven-twen-tieth parts of a penny, and eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight shillings and seven pence, and two-fifth parts of a penny, making together two hundred and two thousand one hundred and fifty-six pounds nine shillings and ten-pence three farthings, are intended to be and shall immediately be paid back into the said receipt of the exchequer, and shall be applied to the same uses and purposes, to which the duties on lea paid in there are applicable; which warrant or warrants the said of of the treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to make out accordingly.

Mannar in

VIII. And whereas there is due and payable from the said united which the company to the publick the further sum of two hundred thousand m grant* P^nds^ and one hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ed*shall be ninety-eight pounds eighteen /hiLings and two-pence^ making together

applied. the sum of three hundred and sixty nine thousand three hundred and

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64 149

ninety-eight pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence, pursuant to an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Mojfy^ Yox carrying into execution certain proposals made by the £ajt India company, and the said company being also greatly indebted to the governor and company of the bank {/'England for monies borrowed for the service of the said united company; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, as shall remain after the full satisfaction and payment of the monies due and payable to his Majesty, for the duties of customs, subsidies, and impositions, aforesaid, and of the several sums of one hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds one shilling and three-pence, and seven-twentieth parts of a penny, and eighty-four thousand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight shillings and seven-pence, and two-fifth parts of a penny, also due from the said company, to make good the deficiency of the duties on tea, as aforesaid, shall be applied in manner following: that is to say, there shall be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England the sum of six hundred thousand pounds, in part of the monies due and owing from the said united company to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and all the rest, residue, and remainder of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, after satisfying and paying all and every the sums herein-before directed to be paid thereout, shall remain in the receipt of the exchequer, for supplying the before-mentioned sums of two hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds eighteen shillings and twopence, making together the sum of three hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence, due and payable from the said united company to the publick, pursuant to the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be issued, paid, and applied, for and towards such of the publick services as the said sums of two hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred and sixty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds, eighteen shillings and two-pence, are or may be applicable to, in the same manner as if such monies had been actually paid into the said receipt of the exchequer by the said united company, at the times, and in the manner, prescribed and directed by the said a6\ of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty; which several sums, so payable at the exchequer pursuant to this afi, shall be paid, clear of all fees, charges, or gratuities whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. How dificul-That the said united company of merchants of England trading ties are mb# to the East Indies, and their successors, shall, upon the payment of the several sums herein-before directed to be made to the re- the company ceiver-general of his Majesty's customs, and into the receipt of ot their said his Majesty's exchequer, be fully exonerated, acquitted, and dif- debit, charged against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in

150 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1773.

respect of all and every the sums herein directed to be paid, and that shall be paid pursuant thereto, and from all writs, actions, suits, and proceedings, for or on account of such debts, or so much of the same as shall be satisfied by such payments; and afo of the sum or sums hereby intended to be paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the bank of England, in respect of the whole or such part of the said united company's debts as shall be so discharged; and that no dispute or difficulty may arise, for or on account of the monies that shall or may be paid to the bank of England, at the receipt of the exchequer, in pursuance of this act, a certificate shall be made forth, ascertaining the amount of the sum or sums so paid, and the day of payment of the same, which shall be signed Jay the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, the clerk of the pells, arfd the teller or tellers who paid the same; and in the absence of those officers, or either of them, by the deputy or deputies of such absent officer or officers attending at the said receipt at the time of payment of such monies; and such certificate shall be made forth and signed without fee or charge, and shall be good and sufficient evidence in law again A the said governor and company of the bank of England, for and in respect of such sum or sums so paid in farisfao-tien or diminution of the debt or debts due to the bank of England from the said united company.

Act 7 Geo. X. And whereas by an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for taking off the inland duty of one shilling per pound weight on all black and (inglo teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a limited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned^ for permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain-, it is enacted, That in case the said united gompany, or their successors, Should make failure in any of the payments directed by the said act to be made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in the manner, or on or before the respective times therein limited for that purpose; that then, as often as the case Should happen, the money, whereof such failure in payment Should be made, Should be recovered to his Majesty's use, in the manner therein mentioned; and that there Should be further recovered to his Majesty's use, against the said united company, damages after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum, for the respective monies so unpaid, contrary to the said act, with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their flock, funds, and aH other their estate and property whatsoever and wheresoever, arc thereby made subject and liable to the payment of such monies* damages, and costs.

Act 9 Geo. 3.

XI. And whereas by another act of parliament pajftd in the ninth year of the'reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for carrying

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 151

ing into execution certain proposals made by thtEast India Cm- pany for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds for a limited time, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it is enacted, That the united company of merchants oi England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, Should advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and Sixty-nine, by half-yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each, which payments are directed to be paid at the times therein mentioned: and in case the said united company Should make failure in any of the said payments thereby directed to be made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before the respective times therein limited; that then, and as often as the case Should happen, the money, whereof such failure in payment Should be made, Should and might be recovered to his Majesty's use, in the manner therein mentioned; and that there Should be further recovered to his Majesty's use, against the said united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the monies so unpaid, contrary to the said act, together with full costs of Suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their flock, funds, and all other their estates and property whatsoc\^x, are thereby made liable to the payment of all such monies, damages, and costs. 4

XII. And whereas the several deficiencies of the duties upon tea, After pay. and also of the said annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, JSSilfmenrtos, whereof any failure of payment hath been made by the said united cd^the c" m company, will be paid and made good to the publick, under the pro- pany shall be vijtons of this present act \ and it is expedient, in the present situa- indemnified tien of the said united company's affairs, that they shoutA be indemni-fed against all damages which may have been incurred, or which may 1 c al be recoverable against them, under either of the said lass recited acts, by means of their failure in making such payments at the times therein respectively prescribed and directed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the payment into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of the several sums of money herein-before directed to be paid, in discharge of the several principal sums due from the said united company, under the said recited acts, or either of them, the said united company, and their successors. shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, from thenceforth fully and absolutely freed, exonerated, anddif-charged, of and from all damages and costs which they the said united company may have incurred, or which may be recoverable against them, by means or on account of any failure in payment of any of the said principal sums respectively, by the said recited acts, or either of them, directed to be paid, as therein mentioned.

Xiir. And whereas, in the present circumstances of the East In- Application of dia Company, it will not be in their power to provide for the repay-

l 4 N went

i52 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1773.

pany, till thtirm/ff/ of such loan as aforesaid, for tflabltshing their affairs upon a debt here- more securefoundation for the time to come, !/«/*/} /A/ publick Should

ucc # tffrrr to forego, for the present, all participation in the profits arising

from the territorial acquisitions and[ revenues lately obtained in the

East Indies, fir that provision be made by parliament for applying as well the whole of the profits arising from the faii territorial acquisitions and revenues, as all the revenue and profits of the company, after providing for certain necessary payments and deductions to be made thereout, to the repayment of the said sum of one million four bundl ed thousand pounds, and to the reduction of the company's bond debt; be it therefor^ enabled by the authority aforesaid, That until the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds shall have been repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and ex-peaces* attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, shall, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in manner following; that is to say, until the whole of the money so advanced and applied, as aforesaid shall have been repaid, it shall and may be lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits, to set apart and apply, in the first place, such sum as may be sufficient for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the dock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital dock of the said company, and all the surplus of the said clear reve-r nues and profits shall be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as shall he remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof; and after the repayment of the whole of the money so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the bond debt of the said company shall be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, it shall and may be lawful, in like manner, to set apart and apply, in thq first place, out of the said clear revenues and profits, such sum as may be sufficient for answering a dividend not exceeding the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said company; after which, all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits shall be applied in reducing the bopd debt of the said company.

Surplus of XIV, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, their clear re-That until the said sum of one million four hundred thousand venue to be pounds, so advanced as aforesaid, shall have been repaid, the mimuio'n of" un*tec* company shall, from time to time, pay, or cause tq their debt. be paid, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by half-yearly payments, such surplus of the clear revenue and profits of the company, as is herein-before directed to be applied iq d minution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as shall be remaining unpaid, an4

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 15 j

for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof, to be applied, in the first place, for answering and paying all such interest, premium, rate, and charges, as shall have grown due in respect of the exchequer bills made out, issued, and circulated, as aforesaid; and in the next place, as far as the same will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such of the said exchequer bills as shall then remain uncancelled.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, $tatcmentfof That, during the continuance of this act, the said united com- the company's pany do, and they are hereby directed and required, to cause debutobe

to be made up, half-yearly, with as much accuracy as the na-^a^euP<w7 ture of the case will admit, a statement or account of the profit ba year* and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said company, together wi^h a state of the debts of the said company in England, exclusive of their bond debt, to the first day of March and the first day of September, in every year, the first of such statements or accounts to be made up from the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and to transmit such statement or account, fairly written, and signed by two or more of the directors of the said united company, within twenty-one days after the day to which such statement or account shall be made up respectively, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Company shall That from and after the passing of this act, and until the said not bind sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds shall be re- th-c?£!ye# f paid, it shall not be lawful for the said united company, or their exchange, 0 successors, or any of their officers or servants on iheir account, without the to accept, or otherwise bind the said company, or their succes- consentoftgs fors, for the payment of any bill or bills of exchange drawn by any of their officers or servants at any of their presidencies in the East Indies, for any sum exceeding the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, exclusive of certificates to the amount of five thousand pounds to the commanders and officers of each of the company's ships, in the space of any one year, without the consent or order first had and obtained of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now and for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon, as they shall judge expedient $ and every acceptance or engagement made, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be null and void to all intents and 4>urposes.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Amount of That, during the term of two years, to be computed from the shall be twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and exported seventy-three, the said united company, or their successors, shall, yearly by the and are hereby required, to export frotn Great Britain, in each company, and every year, during such term to the British fptdements,

within the limits prescribed by the said company's ^charter for {heir carrying on an exclusive trade in the East Indies, or else-

where.

Security to be given to the treasury for the dueexportation thereof.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1773.

where, upon the account of the said company, or their successors, in their course of trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their servants or private traders, licensed by the said company, or their successors, such goods and merchandises of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Great Britain, as shall amount in value to the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, in each and every such year; but the amount of the value of the military and naval stores so exported shall not be esteemed or reckoned as part of the said sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven pounds per annum; and the said company, or their successors, shall, on or before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and on or before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, give security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, under the common seal of the said company, or of their successors, in the penal sum of double the said sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven pounds, for the due exportation of the said goods and merchandises annually, to the amount of the said sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven pounds, according to the real value of such goods and merchandises in this kingdom at the time of such exportation, or of the purchase thereof, by or on the behalf of the said company, or their successors; which security the high tresurer or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of such of, is or are hereby authorised to take; and the said company, or their successors, shall, on or before the thirty-first day of October > one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and on or before the thirty-first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, deliver to the said high treasurer, or of, an account, in writing, signed by two or more of the directors of the said company for the time being, specifying the particular goods and merchandises which shall have been so exported in every such year in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the said true and real values of such goods and merchandises, with the names of the ships in which the same were respectively so exported; and which account shall be verified, on oath, made before any one justice of the peace, (which oath such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), by the proper officers or servants of the said company, or their successors, who shall keep their books for the entry of goods outwards, to the best of their knowledge; and if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said high treasurer, or of, that goods and merchandises mall have been, agreeably to the directions of this act, exported as aforesaid in the respective year, in relation where to each bond shall have been so given, then, in each and every such case, the said high treasurer, or of, shall cause such bond to be delivered up; but in case no such account shall be delivered as herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that the said goods and merchandises exported within the

*55

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgia !II, c. 65.

term mentioned in any such bond shall not have amounted to such value as aforesaid, or that any such account shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said high treaforer, or commissioners, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law, unieCs he or they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Excess in one, aforesaid, That in case the said company or their successors, shall, to be allowed in any one of the said two years export, or cause to be exported, in the succeed-such goods and merchandises of the growth, produce, or ma- ing year* nuradture of Great Britain, exceeding in value the sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven pounds; then, and in such case, the said excess shall, from time to time, be taken into the account of the exports of such goods and merchandises by the said company, or their successors, in and for the next succeedirtg year, and shall be allowed and considered as part thereof.

CAP. LXV.

An act for explaining two acts, made in the eleventh year of the reign King George the First, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp-duties upon Newspapers.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the eleventh year of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, after re-citing, amongst other things, that the authors or printers of several*0, 1

journals, mercuries, and other newspapers, did, with an intent to Geo. ie-defeot the payments of the duties therein mentioned, and in defraud of cited. the crown, so contrive as to print their said journals and newspapers on one Jbeet and a half Sheet of paper each, and by that means they did neither pay the duties of one penny for each Jbeet, nor a halfpenny for the half Jbeet, as by law they ought to have done, but entered them as pamphlets, and paid only three shillings for each impression thereof, whereby his Majesty had been much injured in his revenue, and the printers of other newspapers, who did regularly pay the said duties, were great fujferers; it was enacted and declared, That such journals mercuries, and news papers, so printed on one Sheet and half Sheet of paper, Should not, for the future, be deemed or taken as pamphlets to be entered, and to pay only three shillings for each imprejfm thereof: end it was also further enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, the following duties Should be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon every journal, mercury, or other publick newspapers, -which Should be printed andpublished in Great Britain; that is to say, for every Sheet of paper on which any journal, mercury, or other newspapers whatsoever, Should be printed, a duty of one penny sterling; end for every half sheet thereof the sum of one halfpenny fierling; as by the said recited act, relation being the reunto had, may snore fully and at large appear: and whereas by another act of parliament, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second^ an additional duty of one halfpenny was imposed upon every

news-

156 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. 066, 67. [1773.

newspaper, paper containing publict news, intelligence, or

/ rr*rr*j, printed in Great Britain, dispersed and made puHkk, whether the same be contained in half a fleet, or any less piece of paper, in any paper larger than half a fleet, and not exceeding one

whole fleet, itvr <7«</ all other rates and duties: and whereat

doubts have arisen whether journals, mercuries, chronicles, or/A*r newspapers, printed on more than on one fleet and a half of paper, might not be entered as pamphlets, and ^27 only three flillings for each impression thereof, infitad of the duty chargeable on every fleet of each copy thereof; and certain printers and publiflers of journals, mercuries, chronicles, and other newspapers, have imreased the number of fleets on which the same have keen printed, with an intent to evade the payment of the said duties, and in fraud of his Majesty's revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said herein-before recited acts of parliament, and Duties of the the duties thereby granted on journals, mercuries, and other before-recited publick newspapers, were meant and intended, and do accord-cd by^his'adnSty extend to, and charge with the said duties respectively, y ' every sheet, and every half sheet of paper, on which any journal, mercury, chronicle, or other publick newspaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, were or shall be printed, whether such journals, mercuries, chronicles, or other publick newspapers, or papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, were or shall be contained in a greater or less number of (beets or half (heets of paper; any thing in the said recited acts, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for raising a certain iqm of money by loans, or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and levtnfy-three.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for laying an additional duty on paper printed, painted, or Jlained, in foreign parts, imported into this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the third year Act' Ed »*l^e rthn of King Edward the Fourth, (intituled, Certain 3 w. 4. merchandises -not lawful to be brought ready-wrought into this realm), amongst feverqI other art'ules therein mentioned, any painted wares are prohibited to be brought into this realm, to be uttered and fofd within the same; and by another act made in the first year of the Ad 1 Ric. 3. reign of King Richard the Third, (intituled, Certain merchandises prohibited to be brought ready- wrought into this realm); it is, amongst other things, ordained and provided, That no merchant fir anger flail bring into this realm to be sold any manner of painted papers and whereas notwithstanding the fetid recited a his, great quantities of paper painted in foreign parts have been clandestinely brought and imported

*57

1773'1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5l.

into this kingdom, and privately runonjbore and fold here; there is great reason to believe that several parcels of such painted paperwhich) upon importation, have been entered for private use,

da/i/r imposed by law upon painted paper so imported, have nevertheless afterwards been fold and disposed of in this kingdom, to the great prejudice of the paper Jlainers and artificers in that branch of business here: and whereas all paper, printed, painted, or stained, tn Great Britain, is liable to an additional duty of one penny halfpenny for every yard square, which duty is not chargeable upon the importation of paper, printed, painted, or JlaineA, in foreign parti-, and it may tend to discourage the clandestine and illegal importation and sale of foreign painted paper, and to encourage the manufacture of painted paper in this kingdom, if the importation of such paper to be sold here was permitted, subject to the like additional duty as is charged upon such paper, printed, painted, or stained, in this kingdom-, be it therefore enacted by the King's, most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August, After August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, it shall and may773> no P-be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, to importnt0 o^fta^ned to this kingdom, by way of merchandise, and to utter and fell the be imported ferae here, any sort of paper, printed, painted, or stained, in or fold, foreign parts; any thing in the before-recited acts, or any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Duty of the said. That from and after the said first day of August, one thou- penny half sand seven hundred and seventy-three, all paper, printed, paint- Jj°' Jjf ed, or stained, in foreign patts, and imported into this kingdom, yrP^ on £\\ over and above the customs, subsidies, and duties, already im- paper import* posed thereupon, shall be charged with and liable to pay a fur- ed.

ther duty of one penny halfpenny for every yard square thereof, and in that proportion for any greater or less quantity of such paper*which said additional duty shall be raised, levied, and recovered, and paid by the same rules and regulations, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties payable upon the importation of such paper are by any law now in force, raised, levied, recovered, and paid; and the same shall be applied and appropriated to the same uses and purposes, and in the same proportions, as the new duties imposed upon painted paper imported into this kingdom, by two acts of parliament, made In the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, are applied and appropriated.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Nottoextend authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained fhnil ex- to affect the tend, or be construed to extend, to charge any paper with the, ndia additional duty by this act granted, which shall be printed, paint- Company*ed, or stained, in the £qfi Indies, and imported from thence by the united company of merchants of England trading thither, or person$ licensed by them j any thing herein-before contained to &e contrary notwithstanding.

1-58

[Preamble.]

After July i, 1773, ihe wa* gesof journey-iuen v % ea era within London to be settled by the lord mayor, &c.

and in Mid-die ex and Westminster, See. by the justices of the peace.

Orders to be published in two newspapers three times, at the expence of persons applying for the lame.

Matter weavers giving more or left wages than Dull be settled, as aforesaid, on conviction, to forfeit 501.

Penalty how

to be applied.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1773.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to impower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the /ilk ma- nufallure within their respective jurisdictions.

WHEREAS it would be for the benefit of persons employed in the silk manufahure, if the magistrates were impowered to settle, between the master weavers and tbtir journeymen, the price of labour in the several branches of the said manufahure; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the drift day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the wages and prices for work of the journeymen weavers within the city of London shall be settled, regulated, and declared, by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the said city 5 and in all places in the county of Middlefe*, by the justices of the peace for the said county; and in all places within the city and liberty of Westminster, at the general quarter sessions of the peace holden m and for the said city and liberty; and in all places within the liberty of xhnTower of London, at the general quarter sessions of the peace holden in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter sessions of the peace respectively; and the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the city of London, and the said justices of the peace, are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpose, to settle, regulate, order, and declare, the wages and prices of work of the journeymen weavers working within their respective jurisdictions as aforesaid; and shall and may, within the space of fourteen days next after the making every such order, cause the same to be printed and published, at the reasonable expence of the person or persons applying for the same, three times, in any two daily newspapers published in London or Westminster; which publication shall be deemed and allowed to be sufficient notice and publication thereof; and from and after publication thereof, all weavers, and their journeymen, are hereby ftriHly required to observe the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That if after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any master weaver, within either of the aforesaid districts, shall give more or less wages, or pay larger or less prices, to any of the journeymen weavers aforesaid, for their work, than shall be settled or allowed as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of the said offences before any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, within either of the districts or jurisdictions aforesaid where the said offence shall be committed, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods; and the said penalty, when recovered, shall be paid into the hands of the master of the weavers' company, first dedtitf-ing

'59'

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

the expence of such prosecution, to be distributed by him, in conjunction with the wardens of the said company, to any distressed journeymen weavers, or their families, who shall have been last employed in eitHer of the aforesaid jurisdictions, at their discretion.

III. And be it farther enacted, That if any journeyman journeymeil weaver or weavers within the districts aforesaid, shall ask, re- weavers tak-ccive, or take more or less wages, or larger 'or less prices for ing more or their work than shall be settled by the respective quarter-sessions, wages

as aforesaid; or shall enter into any combination to raise the settle^or^Mi-wages or prices of the said work, or for this purpose shall decoy, tering'into solicit, or intimidate, any journeyman or journeymen weavers combinations, within the districts aforesaid, lb that he or they quit their diall formatters, for whom they shall then be employed; or (had affcit4°f* fctnble themselves in any numbers exceeding the number of ten, in order to frame or deliver petitions or other representations, touching their wages or prices of work, except to the said justices of the peace, or to the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the city of London^ at their respective quarter-sessions, and shall be convicted of any of the said offences, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, within either of the districts or jurisdictions aforesaid where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding forty shillings: and if the said forfeiture be not immediately paid, it shall and Penalties not may be lawful for the said justices to commit the said offender lrr^c' to the house of correction, to hard labour, for any time not ex- offenders^to* 4 ceeding three months; the said forfeiture, when recovered, to be committed, be applied in the same manner as the forfeiture of fifty pounds aforementioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- justices. on ful for any two justices of the peace, within the limits and juris- suspicion of dictions aforesaid, on information upon oath made before them °^cncc8 corn-by any person or persons whatsoever, that there is reason to fuf-

pect that any master or journeyman weaver, within the districts^neccfhry " or jurisdictions aforesaid, hath been guilty of any of the offences for evidence, aforesaid, at request of such informant, to issue their summons, in writing, signed by any such two justices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice. Servant, or other person or persons employed or retained by such person so suspected to have offended, or any other person or persons whatsoever, whose attendance shall appear necessary for the purpose of giving evidence in the premises, to attend and testify concerning the premises: and if any person so summoned shall not attend, and proof shall be made of the fer- Persons refa-vice of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the same f»ngto attend, at the last or usual place of abode of such person, it shall be lawful for such two justices, or any other two justices of the peace ^an^ot* acting for such county or place, and they are hereby required (unless a reasonable excuse be made for such nonattendance to the Satisfaction of such justices) to issue their warrant, under

160 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.tfS. [1773.

their hands and Teals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or same other two or more justices of the peace acting for such county or* place, to be examined touching or attending the premises j and if any such person so attending, or being and refuting brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined or give ed, ma^be* l^c*r tc^'mony touching the premises, such person shall by the committed*' laid justices be committed to the house of correction for one month, there to remain, unless he or she shall sooner fubnart to be examined and give testimony, as the law requires.

Master wea- V. And^lt furt^cr «na<sted. That if any master weavef re-» ven within siding within the limits aforesaid, shall, dircCfcly or indirectly, in the limits em-any manner whatsoever, retain or employ any journeyman ploying jour- weaver out of or beyond the limits aforesaid, with intent or de-

nona the^i- to e*U(*c or cvade act» or g*vc> allow, or pay, or rnits, with de cause to be given, allowed, or paid, to such journeyman, any sign to elude more or less wages than shall be settled, as aforesaid, every such this act, &c, person shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds; to be to foruit 501. £UC(j for jjy action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the ordinary costs of the suit shall be paid; one moiety of Forfeiture* which said forfeiture, when recovered, shall belong and be paid how to be ap- to his Majesty and his successors, and the other moiety to the applied. person who shall sue for the same.

Not to fix the

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing wage* of fore-n this act contained shall extend, or be construeid to extend, to men. fix, controul, or regulate, the wages or allowances to be paid

to servants in the said biffin efs of a weaver, born fidi retained and employed as foremen.

-No (ilk wea-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, vtrs residing That from and after the passing of this act, no person or per-distHfts^forc- ^ons* ^, nS silk weavers, residing within the districts aforesaid, said to have shall l'aven h*s or the*r Tervice at any one time more than two more than apprentices, upon pain of forfeiting for every offence the sum of two apprentx- twenty pounds; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's time1 under &°°^s an<* c^attcls» upon conviction, on the oath or oaths of penalty of 20l.one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two justices of the peace within either of the jurisdictions aforesaid where the said offence shall be committed; and the said penalty, when re-Penaky to be covered, shall be paid into the hands of the master of the wea-applied as a- vers' company, to be applied by him, as aforesaid, and the said foresaid. justices are hereby authorised and required to discharge every such apprentice or apprentices exceeding the number of two. Person* coti-.VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it /shall victed before and may be lawful for any person convicted before any two ju-two justicM ftices of the peace, as before mentioned, to appeal to the justices th*yqwur to of r^e Peace assembled 3t the next general quarter sessions, or kfliwis.*general sessions to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein such conviction^shall be made, giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justices for being personally prefect at such general quarter

Determination of justices shall be final. Con v id ion affirmed at quarter sessions, appellant may be committed.

Limitation of action*.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 161

sessions or general sessions, and for prosecuting the said appeal with effedf, and abiding the judgement of the court; and such justices, in such general quarter sessions or general sessions, shall finally hear and determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonable cods to either party as to them shall seem just; and if such conviction shall be affirmed at such general quarter sessions or general sessions, such appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the said conviction, and until payment of the costs so to be awarded.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action shall be brought against any justice of the peace, constable, headborough, or other officer, or against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed, under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought within six calendar months next after the doing or committing of such matter or thing.

X..Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereafter be Commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their full costs, for which he, she, or they,

shall have like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a publick act in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned, which hath, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, is near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe in- Act 4. Geo. j. to the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four^ for the term of one year, and from thence to the then next session of parliament,

General issue*

[Publick act.]

Full costs.

162

and aft 6 Geo. j.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C.yol [1773.

and which, by an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is further conti- hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the the expiration twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thereof, till eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session ctf June4, 1780. parliament.

CAP. LXX.

An act to continue an act, made in the thirtyfrft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lj(bon, in the kingdom of Portugal, and for charging a higher duty upon culm exported thither in so* reign flipping.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by on aft, made in the thirty-first year of the Act 31 Geo. a.* reign of ^ls ^ate majesty hCing George the Second, (intituled, recited, An act for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon, in the kingdom of Portugal), it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of Marsh, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, for and during the term of fifteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, to export any quantity of culm to the city of Lisbon, in the kingdom of Portugal, upon payment of a duty of one shilling for every chalder, Newcastle measur, of culm, so exported under the regulations in the said act mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the fold encouragement Should be further continued to any persons exporting such culm, as aforesaid, in British )hipping, but that the larger duty Should be paid for culm so exported in foreign shipping\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad-v vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety.three, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-Pf niM^h n Parliam*nt> for, an(l respect to all culm which shall be »5i>793* arCfi cxPortec* under the regulations and restrictions in the said act mentioned, in British A>u\\t shipping navigated according to law.

Any person H. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, whatever, du- That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons what-ring the con- feever, from and after the passing this act, and during the continuance thereof, to export any quantity of culm to the said city of Lisbon, in any foreign ship or vessel, upon payment of a duty of one shilling and sixpence for every chalder, Newcastle measure; which culm shall be exported in all other respects under and further continued from the ex

tinuance of this act, may export culm to Lisbon, on payment of

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 71'. 163

der the like rules and regulations, and subject to the same fe-» 6d. per curitics, penalties, and forfeitures; and the said duty of onechaWcr* shilling and sixpence shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, in the same manner, and by the same methods, as are prescribed in and by the said recited act for culm exported in pursuance thereof; any thing in the said recited act, or any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clippings and other diminishing the gold coin of this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the preventing the currency of clipped and im-

lawfully diminished and counterfeit money is a mo^e effectual means to preserve the com of this kingdom entire and pure, than the mqfl rigorous laws for the punishment of such as diminish or counterfeit tie same: and whereas by the known laws of this kingdom, no person ought to pay, or knowingly tender in payment, any counterfeit or uniatufully diminished money, and all persons may not only refuse the same, but may, and by the ancient Statutes and ordinances of this kingdom have been required to destroy and deface the same, and more particularly the tellers in the receipt of the exchequer, by their duty and oath of office, are required to receive no money but good and true, and to the end the same might be the better discerned and known by the ancient course of the said receipt of the exchequer, all money ought to be received there by weight as well as tale: and whereas, by an act. Act9& to, passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William Gul. 3. the Third, (intituled, an act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the coin of this kingdom,) provisions are made for preventing the currency of clipped and counterfeit fiver money, but respecting the gold money no provision is thereby made; be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it is Persons to and shall be lawful to and for any person to whom any gold whom gold money shall be tendered, any piece or pieces whereof shall be diminished, otherwise than by reasonable wearing, or that by the diminished/ (lamp, impression, colour, or weight thereof, he shall suspect otherwise to be counterfeit, to cut, break, or deface, such piece or pieces; than by rea-and if any piece so cut, broken, or defaced, shall appear to be diminished (otherwise than by reasonable wearing) or counter- pCaringto be fcit, the person tendering the same, shall bear the loss thereof; counterfeit, but if the same shall be of due weight, and appear to be lawful may cut or money, the person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall, ^a^y; ucl1 and is hereby required, to take and receive the same, at the ralepjfputet tobe is was coined for; and if any question or dispute shall arise, finally deter-whether the piece so cut be counterfeit or diminished, in man- mined by ner aforesaid, it shall be heard and finally determined by the may ors, See. mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer, of any city or j" town corporate, where such tender shall be made; and if such 0ftbecounty tender shall be made out of any city or town corporate, then where such

M a OO^lC by

164 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72.

[17

tender shall by same justice of the peace of the county inhabiting or being be made)^near the pjace where such tender shall be made $ and the said

aUUroathi.mayor» or ot^cr °ccr> anc* justice of the peace, shall have full power and authority to administer an oath, as he shall Tee convenient to any person for the determining any questions relating to the said piece. '

Tellers of the

IL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* exchequer are That the tellers at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and freehold mo- t*ie'r deputies and clerks, shall, and they are hereby required, ney unlawful, to cut, break or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced* ly diminished. every piece of counterfeit or unlawfully diminished gold money that shall be tehderdd in payment to them, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or for or in respect of any part of the revenue, aids, impoOtions, duties, or taxes, of his Majesty, his heirs or successors: and the better to discover gold money that is counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, from that which is good and true, the said teliers, and their respective deputies and clerks, shall weigh in whole sums or otherwise, all gold money by them received; and if the same, or any piece thereof, shall, by the weight, or otherwise, appear to be counterfeit, or unlawfully diminished, the same shall not be received by or from them, in the said receipt of the exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their respective accounts.

CAP. LXXII.

An act to permit the free importation of cod-fish, ling, and bake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other1 part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coast of Labrador.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the second and third years of Act*& j y, the reign of ber fag majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, an act Ann* for the better securing and regulating the duties upon salt,) cod fish, ling, or hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland, or Iceland, are permitted to be imported, brought in, or landed, under certain restrictions and regulations therein particularly mentioned: and whereas it may tend to the increase of the trade and navigation of this kingdom, if the like permijfm were granted of importing and bringing in cod fish, ling, or hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coajl of Labrador; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and After parting with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ^and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

and hake, ing authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this caught in aft, it shall and may be lawful to import, bring in, in British-Chaleur Bay. built vessels, navigated according to law, and subject to the &c. may be ru{es prescribed in an act of the tenth and eleventh years of the lub^cftVthe re»gn late majesty King William the Third, (intituled,

rules in aft 10 an act to encourage the trade to Newfoundland,) and to land in k\i WiLj. Great Britain, all cod fish, ling, and hake* caught and cured in

Chaleur

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72. 165

Chaleur Bay> or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence^ or on the coast of Labrador, so as oath be first made before the Oath being landing thereof, by (tie owner or proprietor of such fish, or the made by the matter of the vessel bringing the same, before the officer for the th, f

duties on salt, in the port or place where such fish shall be im* JJji brought ° ported or brought in, (who is hereby required to administer the jn> cameTrom same without fee or charge,) that all the fish so imported or the gulph of brought in, came from the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the coast ^t. Lawrence, of Labrador, and were caught and cured there; and so as the said fish be, at the landing thereof, and before the same be removed from the shore, tendered to the officer of the port or place for the said duties, to have part of the tail of every such cod fish, ling, or hake, cut off, that no allowance for such fish may be obtained upon exportation; and the said officer is hereby impowered and required to cut off part of the tail of all such fish on the landing thereof: and in case any such fish shall be Penalty on r landed or removed from the shore before the same shall be t^e^rt tendered to the officer, to have part of the tail cut, as aforesaid, b^o).c tender! all the fish so imported and landed shall be forfeited, and double ed to the of the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer, proprietor, or Acer, matter of the vessel.

II. And whereas, in the curing of cod fish> ling, and hate, con- The matter of siderable quantities of salt are necessarily thrown aver them, when shippedy to preserve them from spoiling, and a great part thereof falls 00111"

off in unloading the vessel, and it bath bten too common a practice for Newfound-the owner or master of the vessely and people belonging thereto, to col- land, &c. to 1

1 presence of a

after the passing of this act, the matter of every vessel laden with salt officer, cod fish, ling, or hake, either coming from Newfoundland, the North Seas, or Iceland^ or the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the coast of Labrador, into any port or place in Great Britain, shall, and is hereby required to throw, or cause to be thrown, overboard, and destroyed, all the salt that shall so fall off, or be in the vessel, at the time of the unloading or landing of all or any part of her cargo, in the presence of an officer for the duties on (alt; and if the matter of such vessel shall neglect or refuse so to Penalty on do, it shall and may be lawful to and for the salt officer on board, refusal or by himself, or with such assistance as may be necessary, to throw 10

all and every part thereof overboard, or otherwise destroy the same, and the matter, for such negledfc or refusal, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and costs; and if any such salt shall be landed or run on shore, the same, and every part thereof, shall be forfeited, and treble the value thereof; and all and every per- Persons in fun and persons in whose custody the same shall be found, and whoe custody all and every person and persons who is, are, or shall be aiding 18

or afliftingin the landing or running thereof, shall forfeit the like forfeit % o\.^sum of twenty pounds, and costs; one moiety of all which for- Forfeitures feitures shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succes- how to be fors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers who shall applied, seize, prosecute, or inform for the same; to be recovered and

M3'levied

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. j.

further continued till Nov. j, 1780.

except what relates to Jamaica,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73, ' [1773.

levied in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland* wherein no essoin, protection, or privilege, wager of law, or more than orq imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. LXXIII.

'An to continue and amend an a&3 made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandises for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such ports 5 for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom, and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony; and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the said island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, colonies, or plantations in America for a limited time.

WHEREAS an <tft % made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty^(intituled, an act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandises; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony,) which was to continue iu force until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and from thence to the end of the then next fejjkn of parliament, hath been found useful and beneficial, and would become more so if it was continued, altered, and amended; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eqaded by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and every thing therein contained, (except so much thereof as is by this act altered and amended,) shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first day of November, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, (except what relates to the said island of Jamaica,) which shall have continuance only

until

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73* 167

until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and which shall

seventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- only

/ / till Nov* i«

fion of parliament. 1774>#

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of November, in the present J77J. coco*'year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any cocoa and coffee, of and coffee, either in or out of the husk, being the growth and the produce produce of the said island of Dominica, may be imported into £c

Great Britain under certificate, in like manner, and under such imported un-securities, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to such pe- der such re-palties and forfeitures, as sugar and rum, the growth and pro- gelations as duce of the said island, are allowed by the said act to be imported fa

into Great Britain; and that from and after the said first day of island, November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any coffee in the husk, being of the growth and produce of any other of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, may be imported into Great Britain in British-built ships, navigated according to law, from any of the said colonies or plantations.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority An allowance aforesaid, that a deduction or allowance of onc-seventh part of cme seventh shall be made from and upon every one hundred pounds weigiit be*

of all coffee in the husk, of the growth and produce of the said made from all island of Dominica, or of any other British colony or plantation coffee in the in America, which shall be from thence imported into Great hk import-Britain; for which quantity, so deducted as aforesaid, no custom cd, duty pr duty of excise shall be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties pay-That from and after the said first day of November, in the pre- able on the lent year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the importation duty of one pound ten shillings, payable by the said act of the ?£nofi^groes sixth year of the reien of his present Majesty, for and upon to and from every negroe imported into the said island of Dominic0, and upon Dominica and every negroe exported from the said island of Jamaica, shall Jamaica, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that, instead and in lieu of the said duties, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of two shillings and Gxpence for and upon every negroe which shall be imported into the said island of Dominica, or which shall be brought into any port, harbour, or river, belonging to the said island, with an intent to be landed, fold, or re-shipped on board any other vessel there, in order to he carried into any other colony or place whatsoever; and also a duty of two shillings and sixpence upon every negroe which shall be exported from the said island of Jamaica; which said rest>sftive duties shall be deemed and taken to be sterling money of Great Britain, and shall be respectively received, raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, and shall be applied and disposed of, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as the duties hereby repealed and taken off are by the said recited act directed to be received, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, applied, and disposed of,

?le

W.Ani

168

Timber of the growth of Dominica may be exported smd imported into America, subject to the penalties in Act it Car. i.

until Nov.776.

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. a.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1773.

V. And whereas there are growing in the said island ^Dominica, great quantities of timber and wood fit for building sugar mills and other purposes: and whereas those articles are frequently purchased of the inhabitants of the other British island:, colonies, qnd plantations in America, from foreigners, at a great expence; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, any timber or wood of the growth or produce of the said island of Dominica, may be exported therefrom, and imported into, any other of his Majesty's jstands, colonies, or plantations, in America, in any ship or vessel, British-buiUy not having more than one deck, and navigated according to law, and landed therein, under such securities, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the same penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in an act, made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, (intituled, an act for encouraging and inireafing of shipping and navigation,) until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; the said herein first-recited act, or any other act, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for the better ascertaining the tonage and burthen of ships and vessels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coasts theros; for amending so much of an a8, made in the last session of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the filing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby infixed in the court of exchequer in Scotland \for appropriating the duty on oak bark, granted by the said aH; and for obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the drawback upon certain catticoes-, and the bounty upon British-made cordage exported to the islands of Madeira, the Canary islands, and the Azores or western islands.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the Jfxth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firfit intituled, an act for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp-duties, post office, and house money, and by several subsequent efts of parliament, a rule is prescribed for admeasuring of ships and vessels importing brandy end other spirits, and hovering upon the coajls of this kingdom with various goods prohibited to be imported here \ but no rule being prescribed by law for the admeasuring of ships or vessels exporting spirits from Great Britain into foreign parts, and in various other cases where the tonage and burthen of ships or vessels, trading to and from this kingdom, is necessary to be known and ascertained 5 and it being expedient

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.. 169

dent that one certain rule for this purpose Should he settled and efea-ilished in all cases, to prevent any disputes that may arise concerning: he tonage and burthen of such/hips or vessels; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fitft day of August, one thousand R?1*by whid* seven hundred and seventy three, the tonage and burthen of any measured1 for ship or vessel importing or exporting brandy, or other spirituous afccrtsimng liquors, -or any other goods whatsoever, into or from this king- the tonage, dom, or hovering upon the coasts thereof, and where the owner or proprietor, or other person, shall be intitled to any bounty or allowance, according to the tonage of any ship or vessel, and in all other cases whatsoever where the tonage and burthen of any ship or vessel shall be necessary to be ascertained and known by any act or acts of parliament made, or hereafter to be made, concerning the revenues of customs, excise, or salt duty, the rule for admeasuring such ships or vessels shall be as follows*that is to say, the length shall be taken on a streight line along the rabbet of the keel of the ship, from the back of the main stern post to a perpendicular line from the forepart of the main, flem under the bowsprit, from which subtracting three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of thfe keel to find the tonage; and the breadth shall be taken from the outside of the outside plank, in the broadest place of the ship, be it either above or below the1 main whales, exclusive of all manner of doubling planks that may be wrought upon the fides of the ship, then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth fp taken, and that pfodudi by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonage; according to which rule the tonage of all such ships and vessels shall be measured and ascertained, any thing in the said recited act of the sixth of King George the First, or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Not to alter authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, the method of or be construed to extend, to make any alteration in the method

of admeasuring keels, boats, and other vessels, used in carrying L c

coals, pursuant to an atf, made in the sixth and seventh years

of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, an act for the better admeasurement of keels and keel boats in the port of Newcastle,

and the members thereto belonging: provided also, that nothing nor of vessels

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to her-

make any alteration in the method of admeasuring any buss or ringliihery*

vessel used iti carrying on the white herring fishery, pursuant to

the several aefts made for the encouragement of the British white

herring fishery.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the conferuRion of an aR> A 6k i» Geo. j. made in the last session of parliament, intituled, an act for encouraging the aumuu&ure of leather, by lowering, the duty payable

upon

; y

tyo Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.' [1773.

upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such baric shall exceed a certain rate, for a limited time, 1whether oak bark* seized and condtmned within that part of Great Britain called Scot-jand, in pursuance of the said recited act* and the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted* may be fuei for* prosecuted, and recovered* in the court i/*Exchequer in Scotland 5 and by reason of such doubts great frauds and abuses may be committed: now* for removing and putting an end to the same; be it enacted by the authority afore-Penalties for kid. That all such oak bark which shall be seized and con-oak bark feiz- demned within that part of Great Britain called Scotland* in pur-cd and con- fuance of the said recited act, and all offences against the same, Scotland1 may anc* Penalries and forfeitures whatsoever thereby inflicted, be recovered7 shall and may be respectively sued for, prosecuted, recovered, an4 in the court of applied, in the court of exchequer in Scotland* by such persons exchequer respectively, and in the same manner, as fully and amply, to all coom of re- >ntent8 and purposes, as they might in any of his Majesty's cord at West- courts of record at Westminster* in like cases happening in that minder. part of Great Britain called England.

How the duty

IV. And whereas the duty of one penny per hundred weight upon of id per hun- oak bark imported into this kingdom, which was granted by the said dred weight recited act* is net appropriated by parliament*be it therefore further

imported into cna&tf by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies a riling this kingdom by the said duty on oak bark, which was granted by the said k to be ap- recited act, shall be accounted for by the several officers of plied. his Majesty's customs, who shall collect and receive the same,

to that branch of the customs which is called The Old Subsidy* and shall be applied and appropriated to the same uses and purposes as other monies arising by the said branch of customs are applied and appropriated by virtue of any act of parliament now in force.

6 Geo. 3. V. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America* it is* amongst other things* enacted, That a drawback or allowance of the duty paid in pursuance of that act JEill be repaid* according to the respective rates and values therein expressed* upon the exportation from this kingdom to Africa of certain printed callicoes of the manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and act n in the said act particularly enumerated: and whereas by another act Geo. 3. recit- 0j parliament* made in the twelfth year of his said Majesty's reign* intituled An act for granting a drawback of part of the customs upon the exportation of tea to Ireland and the British dominions in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign sugars exported from Great Britain xo'Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of British-miAn cordage; for allowing the importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports

4

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7+; 171

of Bristol* Liverpoole* Loncaster* and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impower the chief magi-? strate of any corporation to administer the oath, and grant the certificate required by law upon the removal of certain goods to fondon* which have been sent into the country for sale, it is* amongst other things, enafiedy That no bounty shall be allowed for any cordage which shall be exported* or entered for exportation, to any part of Asia, Africa, or America, the Isle of Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro 2 and whereas doubts have arisen, whether the islands of Madeira, and the Azores or western islands, are to be deeped part of Africa, within the intention of theje acts; and there is reason to believe that such callicoes have been, and may be* entered for exportation from this kingdom to the said islands of Madeira, as well as to the Canary islands, and the Azores or western islands, and afterwards clandijHnely landed in the British plantations in America, and (bet British-mj^ cordage entered for exportation from this kingdom to the said Madeira islands, and the Azores or western islands may be afterwards elandeflinely landed in same parts of Asia, Africa, or America, whereby the good purposes intended by the said recited acts may be frustrated j for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the au- After An*uft thority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of August, 1, 1773* the one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the drawback {Jr»whack* granted by the first recited act, made in the sixth year of his ^bVthebel" Majesty's reign, upon the exportation of the printed calicoes fore recked therein mentioned; and the bounty by the last recited act, made upon ccr-in the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, or by any other act of t*in parliament upon the exportation of British-rcto&t cordage, shall riJ^ecTn^to not be paid or allowed upon the exportation of such goods re- be allowed on spectively from this kingdom to the said islands of Madeira, the raid goods Canary islands, the Azores or weftem islands, or to any or either sported to of them; amr thing in the said recited acts, or any other act, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. islands, &c.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalty for That if any merchant or other person shall enter any such calli- entering cal-coes or cordage for exportation to foreign parts, other than to licoes and the said islands, in order to obtain the drawback or bounty for n

the same, and such goods shall nevertheless be carried to the said par*£, ^gn islands, or either of them, and landed there, contrary to the true landing them intent and meaning of this act 5 that then, and in every such on said case, the drawback or bounty paid, or to be paid, for the same shall be forfeited, and the exporter of such goods, and the master of the ship or vessel, on board which such goods were loaden and exported, and every person concerned or assisting in the exportation or landing thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods, and the ship or vessel on board which such goods were loaden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of the customs in Great Britain; and the several penalties and forfeitures herein-before mentioned shall and may be sued for and recovered, in such and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any law of the

revenue

I*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75/ [1773.

revenue of customs may be sued for and recovered in this king* dom; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures, after deducing the charges of prosecution, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same.

Afar Aug*

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, island/of Ma- That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand dcira, &c. to seven hundred and seventy-three, the said islands of Madeira, be added to the Canary islands, and the Azores or western islands, shall be chhcnturc8Pfor ac^ec* to? anc* inched in, the oath, upon all debentures for callico€srand°r such callicoes and cordage exported, whereon the exporter is to cordage ex- swear that the same are not landed, or intended to be landed, in farted. Great Britain or Ireland.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for enabling John, Robert, James, and William Adam, to dispose of several houses and buildings in the parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary le bon, in the county of Middlesex, and other their effeSs, by way of chance, in such manner as may be moji for the benefit of themselves and creditors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS John, Robert, James, and William Adam, of the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, have ere lied many great and expensive buildings, with commodious wharf and warehouses, upon a piece of ground formerly ealled Durham Yard, noiv called The Adelphi, fuuate in the said parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and adjoining to the river y Thames; and have, by means of subterraneous freets, pointed out

a new and effectual method to keep the access to the houses dfiinct from the traffick of the wharfs and warehouses, thereby connecting grandeur and magnificence with utility and commerce; and have also erected fme great and expensive buildings in Queen Anne Street and Mansfield Street, in the parish of Saint Mary le bon, in the said county of Middlesex, and are possessed of several shares of flock in trade of the Carron Company, and of many valuable statues, pictures, and antiquities: and whereas the said John, Robert, James, and William Adam, have employed great numbers of workmen and crtijls in erecting the said buildings, wharfs, and warehouses, and have expended great sums of money, and controlled large debts, in bringing the said buildings, wharfs, and warehouses to the degree of perfection in which they now are, and it will yet require a very considerable sum for the completion thereof; and unless some encouragement, under the sanction of parliament, be given, to impower them to dispose of their cjlates and effects to the be ft advantage, whereby they may be enabled to continue their useful endeavours, which have for many years pa ft found employment for many thousand workmen end artists in different parts of the kingdom, the debts which they have contracted cannot speedily be d\ [charged, and great numbers of the said workmen and artjfh will b$ deprived of employment: in order therefore

l73

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75.

fore that these useful undertakings may be completed; may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said John, Robert, James, and William Adam) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John, Robert, James and William Adam, their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any time or times, before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to sell and dispose of the said buildings, wharfs, and warehouses, composing the said Adelphi, and of the buildings in Queers Anne Street, and Mansfield Street aforesaid, and other their estates and effects, specified in the schedule to this act annexed, in such manner as they the said John, Robert, James and William Adam, their heirs, executors, administrators, orassigns, shall think proper, without being liable or subject to any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any act or acts of parliament against any sale or sales by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, numbers, or figures; and that such sale or sales, so to be made of the said buildings, wharfs, and warehouses, and of the several parts thereof composing the said Adelphi, and also of the said buildings in Queen Anne Street and Mansfield Street, and other their effects, as aforesaid, by the said John, Robert, James, and William Adam, their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall be good and valid, any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise any more than three lotteries for disposing of the said eflfeds.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum to be raised by the said John % Robert, James, and William Adam, their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, by way of lottery tickets or numbers, shall not exceed the sum of two hundred and twenty-four thousand pounds, upon the sale of the whole of the said buildings, wharfs, warehouses, and other the premises and effects mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ticket in the said lottery shall be sold at a less value than fifty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That previous to the drawing of each or any of the said lotteries, a list of the particular prizes in such lottery shall be published in one or more of the London daily newspapers, in which lift the ground rents affecting each house or building composing the prizes in such lottery shall be particularly specified.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be

At any time before Jan. tf 1778, mef fieurt Adams are impowered to fell their buildings, See. without being liable for penalties for sale by way of lottery.

[Proviso.]

What sum of money shall be raised.

Tickets not to be left than 501. each.

Lift of the prizes and ground rents to be published before the drawing of the lottery.

Publik ad.

be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE above referred to,

CONTAINING

An account of the buildings, wharfs, and warehouses, already completed, or now completing, together with other effects of, the said John, James, and

Wiliam Adam, which are intended to compote a drie or sales by way of lottery.

In the parish of Saint Mary Ron*.

ON E house with a stone front in Queen Amt Street, Coven-dish Square, facing Chondtis Street.

One house on the west side of Mansfield Street, and the comer of New Cavendish Street, in the occupation of lord Scarsdale. One house on the east side of Mansfield and the corner of New Cavendish Street, fronting lord s.

In the Adelphi;

One house on the terrace, being the second west from Adam Street, in the occupation of John Hart Cotton esquire.

One house on the terrace, being the fifth west from Adam Street, in the occupation of meftieurs Adam.

One house on the terrace, being the seventh west from Adam Street.

One house on the terrace, being the eighth west from Adam Street.

One house on the terrace, being the ninth west from Adam Street.

One house on the terrace, being the tenth west from Adam Street.

One house on the terrace, being the eleventh west from Adam Street.

One house bn the east side of Adam next to the terrace,

in the occupation of William Gunthorpe esquire.

One house on the east side of ditto, being the third from the terrace.

One house on the east side of ditto, facing John Street.

One small house on the west side of Adam Street, in the occupation of John Jones, pastrycook.

One house now used as a tavern on the west side of Adam Street, and corner of John Street, in the occupation of William Osborn. One house next to ditto, on the north side of John Street, in lease to Mr. Alexander Eddie.

One house on the north side of John Street, adjoining on the west to the house belonging to the society of arts.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75;

One house on the north side of ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One house on the north side of ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One house on the north side of ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One house on the north side of ditto, adjoining to ditto.

[The three last mentioned houses, together with three small houses in William Street, are eventually intended to be formed into a chapel.]

One house on the south side of John Street, being the second west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of John Street, being the third west from Adam Street, in the occupation of Mr. Anthony Zucchi.

One house on the south side of ditto, being the fourth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto* being the fifth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto, being the sixth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto* being the seventh west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto, being the eighth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto, being the ninth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto, being the tenth west from Adam Street.

One house on the south side of ditto, and corner of Robert Street, being the eleventh west from Adam Street, in the occupation of William Adam, esquire.

One house on the west side of Robert Street and comer of John Street, confiding of five (lories, each story being one set of chambers, viz.

First ground story in ditto.

Parlour story in ditto.

One pair of stairs story in ditto.

Two pair of stairs story in ditto.

Attic story in ditto.

One house in John Street, confiding of five (lories as above, each story being one set of chambers, viz.

First ground story in ditto.

Parlour story in ditto.

One pair of stairs story in ditto.

Two pair of stairs story in ditto.

Attic story in ditto.

One house in John Street and corner of George Street, Tori Buildings.

One house in George Street, adjoining southwards to the above.

One house in Robert Street, confiding of five dories, each story being one set of chambers; inz«

First ground story in ditto.

Parlour story in aitto.

One pair of stairs story In ditto.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75.

[177 j.

Two pair of stairs story in ditto.

Attic story in ditto.

One great house on the west side of Robert Street, fronting the river.

One house on the east side of Robert Street, being the second from the terrace.

One house on the east side of James Street and comer of John Street.

One house on the east side of James Street and comer of William Street.

One house on the south side of William Street, adjoining on the east side to ditto.

One house on the south side of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One house on the south side of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One house on the south side of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One house oil the south side of William Street, and corner /of Durham Street, adjoining to ditto.

One house in the Strand, and east corner of Adam Street.

One house adjoining to ditto* entering from the Strand.

One house adjoining eastward to the last mentioned house, and corner of Ivy Lane, in the occupation of KettUwellr,

dyer.

One house on the east side of Adam Street, being the second from the Strand.

One house adjoining to ditto, southward, on the east side of Adam Street, being the third from the Strand.

One house entering from the Strand, being the second westward from Adam Street, in the occupation of Benjamin Hodgson, leather-feller.

One house adjoining to ditto, westward, being the third from Adam Street, in the occupation of Walter Russell, cabinetmaker.

One house adjoining to the last mentioned house, west ward, being the fourth from Adam Street, in the occupation of Mr. Townshend.

One house adjoining to the last mentioned house, westward, being the fifth from Adam Street, in the occupation of messieurs Edie and Dupin.

One back house, situated behind the houses above-mentioned, to be in the occupation of Walter RuffeL

One back house behind the house mentioned, to be in the occupation of Benjamin Hodgson.

One wharf, containing one hundred and sixty-two feet in front, being the most westerly, adjoining to York Buildings, together with (tabling for twenty-five horses, under the west end of John Street:

One wharf, containing one hundred and six feet in front, adjoining to ditto, eastward, together with (tabling for twenty-five horses, under the west end of John Street.

One wharf, containing seventy-five feet and a half in front, adjoining eastward to ditto, with (tabling for sixteen horses, under Adam Street.

l77

One wharf, adjoining eastward to ditto, and bounded eastward by Ivy-bridge Stairs, being sixty-eight feet and a half in front, with (tabling for sixteen horses, under Adam Street.

One large room or warehouse under Adam Street, fronting the river. One small hoofe under the terrace, and over the areade, oppo* site to the terrace houses, and fronting the river.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One large room or warehouse under Robert Street, fronting the river.

Ten double warehouses, situated between Lower Adam Street and

Lower Robert Street, entering from the wharfs and arcade*viz*

One warehouse under the areade, lower story.

One ditto — ditto — - upper story.

One ditto — ditto — — lower story.

One ditto — ditto — - upper story.

One ditto -.ditto — lower story.

One ditto — ditto upper story.

One ditto — - ditto - — lower story.

One ditto — ditto — upper story.

One ditto — ditto lower story.

One ditto — ditto upper story.

One ditto — ditto — lower story.

One ditto — ditto upper story.

One ditto -, ditto — lower story.

One ditto ditto — upper story.

One ditto ditto lower story.

One ditto ditto — upper story.

One ditto - — - ditto — lower story.

One ditto — ditto — upper story.

One ditto ditto lower story.

One ditto — ditto upper story.

One small office under the areade, and entering from ditto.

One ditto ditto — ditto.

One ditto — ditto — ditto.

One ditto d; tto — - ditto.

One ditto — ditto — ditto.

One ditto — ditto — ditto.

One ditto ditto — ditto.

One ditto ... — ditto ditto.

One ditto — - ditto ditto.

One ditto Vol. XXX. ditto ns ditto.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1773.

A large vault, or double warehouse, under the east wing of Adam Street, fronting the river, upon the wharfs, lower story.

Ditto upper story.

Eight vaults or warehouses adjoining to ditto, and entering front Lower Adam Street; viz.

One vault, being the second from the wharf.

One ditto, being the third from ditto.

One ditto, being the fourth from ditto.

One ditto, being the fifth from ditto.

One ditto, being the sixth from ditto.

One ditto, being the seventh from ditto.

One ditto, being the eighth from ditto.

One ditto, being the ninth from ditto.

A large vault or double warehouse, lying under the great house in the west wing of Robert Strfronting the nver, lower story.

Ditto. — upper story.

One vault under the broad part of Adam Street.

One ditto. — ditto.

One double vault for coach-house and stable on the north side of the Mews Street, situated between Lower Adam Street and Lower Robert Street.

One ditto. — ditto.

One.ditto.*ditto.

One —, ditto. — ditto.

One - ditto. ditto.

One.- ditto. — ditto.

One ditto. ditto.

One ditto. — ditto.

One - - - ditto. __ ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One double vault for coach-house and stable on the south side of the Mews Street, situated as above.

One. — ditto. — ditto.

One — ditto. - ditto.

One — ditto. — ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One — p. ditto. ditto.

One ditto. — ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One vault, situated under the houses < Street.

One ditto. — ditto.

One ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. — ditto.

One ditto* — 2 ditto. Gc 5k

One

One - ditto, v- ditto.

One - ditto. — ditto.

One - ditto. ditto.

One - ditto. - ditto.

One - ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. - cfitto.

One vault under the chambers in Robert Street.

One — ditto. — ditto.

One finall vault under Lower John Street.

One — ditto. ditto.

One ditto. ditto.

One'ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. ditto.

One — ditto. — ditto.

One ditto. —: — ditto.

One ditto. ditto.

One ditto. ditto.

One ditto. — ditto.

One vault under the chambers at the corner of John Street and Robert Street.

One — ditto. — ditto.

CARRON SHARES; viz.

Two shares in the (lock in trade of Carron Company, with the profits to 30 June 1773.

Two — ditto. — ditto.

Two----- ditto. -- ditto.

Two -- ditto. -- ditto.

Two — ditto. — ditto.

Two -- ditto. -- ditto.

Two — ditto. — ditto.

Two -- ditto. -- ditto.

Two -- ditto. -- ditto.

Two — ditto. -- ditto.

Nmb.

1.

2.

3-

4-

5*

6.

I:

PICTURES, viz.

Study of heads.

- Mola.

A candle light, in the (lile of Salvator Rosa, Spanish.

A ditto. - its companion, --- Ditto.

St. James fighting the Turks* — Burgagnone.

The head of St Peter, Guido.

A landscape with figures and horses, M. Angelo Bamboccia.

Eve offering to Adam the fruit, The pope's guards gaming,

9.The prince of Montelibana,

20. A landscape with hunters,

11. A landscape,

n 2

Carlo Lotti. Guercino.

Nogem. Old IVyke. Tempefla. 12. Our

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

Numb.

12. Our Saviour bound in the garden,

13. Mary Magdalen in a landscape, --

14. St. Peter, — its companion, ——

15. St. Francis with an angel, ——

J 6. A landscape, very capital, -

17. A ditto, — -- ditto, —

18. David dancing before the ark, —

19. Paul preaching at Athens, —

2c. Diana and her nymphs and Afleon> -

21. A landscape, the figures by N. Poussin, -

22. A conversation, ——

23. A landscape, ——

24; A dead Christ with Joseph of Arimatbea> —

25. Seneca dying in the bath, ——

26, A landscape with figures* -

c. 75. [1775.

ll

29.

3°-

3»-

3*-

33-

34.

35*

36-

37-

38'

39*

40.

4»*

42.

43-

44.

45-

46.

tl:

49.

50.

51.

St. Augujiine praying,

The head of St. Prancis, -

St. Catherine, -

Game, -

An adoration of the Magi,

Murder of the innocents, -

A landscape, — ditto. —

The entombing of our Saviour, -

Time trampling on youth and beauty, —

A landscape, ——

A ditto, ——

Neptune and Amphitrite9 -

The triumph of Bacchus, -

Ruins and figures, ——

Sophonijba drinking the poison, —

Witchcraft with spells and charms, — Ditto, - its companion.

Giardino Della Notte.

- Teniers.

- Ditto*

- H. Carracci.

- Tempefa.

- Ditto.

- Seb. Ricci. ----- Ditto.

Mic. Roche. G. Poussin. D. Teniers.

Sal. Rosa. P. Veronese. Luc. Jordano. Sal. Rosa. Lanfrance.

- Guido.

- Ditto. John Fyte. N. Poussin.

- Ditto. both of Italy. Lod. Carracci.

Dominichino. Voglefon.

Ditto. Manicocbe.

- Ditto. Gbifolpi.

- Celefli.

- Teniers. Ditto.

A landscape with sheperds and flocks, — - Fr. Mela.

A conversation*, - Baffin.

An old man, - P. Veronese.

A dog, - Ditto.

A landscape with figures, - Lucatella.

A ditto, - ditto, — Ditto.

Cleopatra with an attendant and servant, — P. Veronese. A landscape with figures on marble, - Van Gowant

Numb.

DRAWINGS.

1. /-\UTSIDEofa sepulchral building, — Clerijfeau.

2. V-/ Inside view of an antique temple, — Ditto.

- Marco Ricci.

3. A landscape,

4. Portrait of a lady, -

5. Ruins of a sepulchral room,

6. A landscape, ——

7. A head of a lady, -

8. A head in black chalk,

Rosa Alba. — CLriffeau. Marco Ricci. Rosa Alba. Piazetto. 9. A

c. 75-

Lalman. Ditto. — £>///*. Marco Ricci. Torregiano. Pecbeux.

-D///0. Lalman. l?*/2r Alba. Panini.

- Lalman.

- D/tf*.

- Ditto. Panini.

- Ditto.

- D///0.

Marco Ricci.

- Z)///*.

- Lalman.

STATUES, and PIECES of ANTIQUITY.

tfmnb.

1. A Pedestal with rams' heads, fphynxes, fafr.

2. \ A circular pedestal with candelabra, Wr.

3. A square pedestal with heads of Jupiter Ammon, lAc,

4. Regulus leaving.A cenerary urn, with griffins, £jfc.

A vase representing the labours of Hercules.

A ditto, in form of a cenerary urn, with candelabra, &c*

A Ceres with a crown of barley and a cup in her hand.

9.A muse with a lute.

10. The muse Erato.

11. A large Flora.

12* A sideboard of granite.

13. An yrn with marine figures,

14, A circular altar or pedeflal. ic. Two mosaic tables.

16. A vase with vines twisted round it.

17. An Efculapius, with a rod and serpent. j8. Another ditto.

19. A faun, with a pipe.

20. A Flora with a crown of flowers.

21. A Morpheus, asleep on a lion's skin.

22. The muse Euterpi with her mask and flutes#

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.

N«mk.

9.A landscape with ruins and figures, -

Ditto, ——

A sketch of Tivoli, taken on the spot, —

Ruins and figures, -

A landscape with ruins, -

A drawing of Marcus Aurelius, --

The centaur Borghese, ——

A view in Rome, -

Head of an abbe, -

Ruins and figures, -

A landscape with ruins and figures, -

A ditto, - ditto,-

A view of the Campo Vaccino, —

22/ A view of Tivoli, -

23. An aqueduct near Tivoli, —

Ditto, ——

Ruins of architecture, -

Ditto. - ditto, -

A landscape in the ftilc of Sal. Rosa. —

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14-

*5*

16.

IS:

19.

20.

21.

24.

IS:

3

---

23. A Minerva in armour.

24. An Apollo with a bow and arrow.

25. A faun holding a child.

182 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. [1773.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time far those purposes.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS divers justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of militia, or others, who ought to have regiJUred or delivered in their qualifications, according to an act, made in the Act ig Geo. 1. eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or Act % Geo. 3. according to another act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or according to another act, made in Act 9 Geo. 3. the ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for explaining, amending, and continuing an act, made in the ftcond year or the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into on* act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain Called England, have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to register, or deliver tn their qualifications as aforesaid, within such time, and in such manner as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring divers penalties, and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such ornij-'fions 5 be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and All justices, by the authority of the same, That all and every justice or deputy lieu- justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the tc"a, J^8»militia, or others who, at the time of the passing of this act, omkted to re- *ave 01tted to register or deliver in their qualifications,

gifter their within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said act, qualifications, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf and before js required, and who hath or have, or who shall, on or before ffinUreeifterin twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred manner re- and seventy-three., register his or their qualification, in manner quired, shall and form as in and by the said in part recited acts, or any of be freed from them, are required, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, omission8^anc* discharged, ^rom anc* against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous to the passing of this act, for not registering his or their qualification, according to the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77, 78. 183

above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated, and restored to the same (late and condition, as he or they were in before such neglect or omission; and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him or themselves, according to the above-mentioned alts, and every of them; and that all acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity, as the same, or any of them, would have been, if such person or persons respectively had registered his or their qualification, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; any thing in the said in-part recited acts, or any of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Not to extend tained, shall not extend, or.be construed to extend, to indemnify to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have been given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his final judge- Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having ment ftuil oeglefted to qualify himself within the time limited by law. h?ve

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund $ and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervict of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy*three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament} and for paying to John Harrison a further reward for his invention of a time-keeper for ascertaining the longitude at Tea, and his discovery of the principles upon which the same was constructed. Preamble 1, 349, 8061. 11s. 7 a ?q. granted out of the fund, for the service of the current year) to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Trea-fory impowered to raise the said sum, or any pact thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament^ the Statutes now in being, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws now in being for the amendment and

preservation of the highways of that part of Great Britain called England require some explanation and amendment; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and On Sept, is, commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- yearly, a list thority of the same, That from henceforth, upon the twenty- ^eaiTten second day of September, in every year, unless that day shall be persons| by Sunday, and then on the day following, the constables, head- the confU-boroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, surveyor of the high- bles. <fcc. at ways, and householders, being assessed to any parochial or pub-

: c, shall assemble toge- ^etuiM?

lick rate of every parish, township, or place.

ther

1*4

Qualification of fiuveyprs.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78^ [1773.

ther at the church or chapel of such parish, township, or place, or if there shall be no church or chapel, then at the usual place of publick meetings for such parish, township, or place, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon: and the major part of them, /o assembled, shall make a list of the names of at lead ten persons living within such respective parishes, townships, or places, who each of them have an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within such respective parish, township, or place, in their own right, or in the right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds by the year; or a personal estate of the value of one hundred pounds; or are occupiers or tenants of houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds: and if there shall not be ten persons having such qualifications as aforesaid, then they shall insert in such lift the names of so many of such persons as are so qualified, as above required, together with the names of so many of the most sufficient and able inhabitants of such parish, township, or place, not so qualified, as shall make up the number ten, if so many can be found; if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the office of surveyor of the highways: and the constable, headborough, or tythingman, of such parish, township, or place, shall, within three days after such meeting, transmit a duplicate of such lift to of thTjusticei, one of t^ie justices of the peace within the limit of the county, and the origi- riding, division, hundred, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, nal lift to the where such parish, township, or place, shall lie, living in or near the same; and shall also return and deliver the original lift, fUbleC made and agreed upon at such meeting, to the justices of the peace, at their special sessions to be held for the highways within that limit, in the week next after the Mitbatlmes general quarter Notices to the sessions of the peace in every year; and shall also, within three persons con- days after making the said lift, give personal notices to, or cause*j — u- notices in writing to be left at, the places of abode of the several persons contained in such lift, informing them of their being so The justices named, to the intent that they may severally appear before the are to give 10 justices at the said special sessions to accept such office, if they days notice shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have any, facial fefions aSa, n^ their being appointed: and the said justices are hereby to the con-0"8 authorised and required to hold such special sessions at such con-itables, See. venient place or places within their respective limits, as they in their discretion shall judge proper; and to give notice of the time and place where they intend to holdthe same to the constables, headboroughs, or tythingmen, of every such parish, township, or place, at lead ten days before the holding of the said session; and the said justices, then and there, from the said lifts, according to their discretion, and the largeness of the parish, township, or place respectively, by warrant under their

A duplicate of such lifts shall be transmitted to one

tained in the lift.

and may appoint from the lifts such number of surveyors as they shall judge fit, if they shall in

the opinion

of the )uitice9 hands and seals, shall appoint one, two, or more of such per-be qualified fons, as aforesaid, if he or they shall, in the opinion of such ifnor^ot^er*Ju^ces» be qualified for the office of surveyor, if not, one, two, inhfhi'ants'oror more t*ie other substantial inhabitants or occupiers of perqpiers, &c. l«tnd$, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within such

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78^ 185

parish, township, or place, living within three miles thereof, and within the same county, fit and proper to serve the office of surveyor of the highways for such parish, township, or place, if any such can be found; which appointment shall, by the con- which ap» (tables, headboroughs, or tythingmen, aforesaid, be notified to pointment every person so appointed by the said justices, within three days 1* nort-after such appointment, by serving him with the said warrant, fons^amed^" or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his house, or by the con- usual place of abode 5 and every person so appointed, if he ac- (tables, &c. cepts the said office, shall be surveyor of the highways for thend said parish, township, or place, for the year ensuing, and hold his office shall take upon him and duly execute the office aforesaid; and for one year, the said justices shall then and there give such of the said fur- Justicestogite veyors as shall personally appear before them a charge, for the a charge for better performance of their duty, according to the directions of ance of to" this act: and if any of the said persons, so appointed, whose veyor's duty, names were contained in such lift, and who were served with Persons ap-the said notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the said special Pint*d from sessions, and accept the said office, if appointed thereto, in man- toCfcrY€ ner aforesaid, or shall not, within six days after being served foali forfeit 5U with such warrant of appointment, signify his acceptance thereof, either in person, or by writing, to one of the said justices, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and in case any and those not person so appointed by the said justices, whose name was not 'V contained in such lift, shall refuse or neglect to accept the said j£rfciat office, or shall not, within six days after being served with such 5 appointment, shew to one of the justices signing such appointment, sufficient cause why he Should not lerve such office, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty shillings: provided that no person No person who hath been appointed and served the office of surveyor for "ho hath one year, shall be liable to be appointed surveyor for the same efg parish, township, or place, within three years from the time of igainappoint-such first appointment and service, unless he shall consent there- ed for the same to 5 but if no such lift shall be made and returned, or if the said place within justices shall make such appointment, as aforesaid, and the person or persons so appointed shall refuse to serve the said office, consent. the said justices, or any two of them, shall and may, and are if no such lift hereby required, at the said special sessions, or at some subse- be made, or quest special sessions, to be held within one month after, to the person nominate and appoint some other person or persons to be fur-

to serve.

veyor of such parish, township, or place, whom they shall judge another per-proper to execute that office, and shall and may fix such salary fonmaybeap-to be'paid to such surveyor, to be appointed as herein last before pointed, at a mentioned, out of the said forfeitures, and all other forfeitures, f?2Ufeffines, penalties, assessments, and compositions, to be paid, levied, jJon8> and raised, under the authority of this act, within such parish, and a salary township, or place respectively, as such justices shall think fit, fi*ed* not exceeding one-eighth part of what shall have been raised by not exceeding an assessment of sixpence in the pound, for the use of the high- P^t ways, within such parish, township, or place, where any such j£c*d# assessment shall have been raised, and observing the same restric-

A

Justices may require the con (tables,

&c. to return an account, in writing, of the (um which the assessment of 6 d. per pound will raise.

40c. penalty on the contta-bks. See. not making or returning fgch lilts, or not giving the notices required.

Where the justices, upon such refusal, shall appoint another person they are to appoint oneiubftantiaJ inhabitant for his afliltant; and on his rtfufal to accept that office, he shall forfeit 50 s. and the ju-11 ices may in that case appoint another, who, on refusal, shall also forfeit 50s. and in that case, they may appoint a third person, who shall be sntitled to the said forfeitures, and to a further allowance, by way of salary, if the justices shall think it necessary.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

tien as near as they can, from the bed information they shall be able to get of the probable amount of such an assessment, where none hath been already made; and the said justice shall and may, if they think fit, require the constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and surveyor, of every such parish, township, and place, or any of them, to return to them, at such time and place as they shall appoint* an account, in writing, of the sum which such assessment of sixpence in the pound hath raised, or will, in his or their opinion, raise, within such parish, township, or place: and if the constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, surveyors of the highway, and such householders as aforesaid, of any parish, township, or place, shall neglect or refuse to make such lift as aforesaid; or if the constable, head-borough, or tythingman, of any parish, township, or place* shall not return the said lift of names when made* and such duplicate thereof, as aforesaid, and give such notice or notices, and serve such warrant or warrants, as in this act is directed; or if the said constable, headborough, tythingman, and surveyor, or any of them, shall neglect to return such account of the amount of such assessment, as aforesaid, when so required as aforesaid; every constable, headborough, tythingman, churchwarden, or surveyor, so neglecting or refuting, in any of the said cases, shall, for every such default respectively, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the said justices, upon neglect or refusal of the person so nominated surveyor as aforesaid to accept the said office, shall appoint any other person for such surveyor with a salary as aforesaid, the said justices shall, and are hereby required to appoint one substantial inhabitant of such parish, town ship, or place, for assistant to such surveyor in the several matters, and for the several purposes hereafter mentioned, until the next annual appointment of surveyors, according to the directions of this act; and if the person so appointed assistant shall, upon notice of such appointment, refuse to accept that office, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty shillings: and in that case, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to appoint any other substantial inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, for assistant to such surveyor, in manner and for the time aforesaid; and if such second appointed assistant shall decline or refuse to accept the said office, he shall, in like manner, forfeit the sum of fifty shillings; and the said justices shall and may appoint any other person, inhabiting in such parish, township, or place, assistant to such surveyor, who shall be intitled to the said forfeitures herein last before mentioned; and also to some furthtr allowance by way of salary, (to be paid as the surveyor's salary is hereby directed to be paid,) if the said

J'ustices shall think any such salary necessary, and shall order the ame, which they are hereby authorised to do: provided that no person so appointed assistant for one year shall be liable to be appointed assistant for the same parish, township, or place, within three years next following such first appointment, without jHS>consent.

ni' And

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78'. 187

III. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor of every Bond to he

parish, township, and place, who shall not reside therein, but gi*en by the shall be appointed with such salary as aforesaid, shall, if requiredurv€yor ap-by the churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or any principal wU"

inhabitant of the parish, township, or place, for which he shall be lb appointed surveyor, at the time of his appointment, or

within fourteen days after, give a bond upon paper, without

(lamp thereupon, to some proper person within such parish,

township, or place, to be nominated by the said justices, with to account for

sufficient surety, to account for the money which shall come to °nc7

his hands as surveyor, according to the directions of this act;

which bond shall be good and effectual in law. hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the assistant, so to be Duty 0ftj, c nominated and appointed, shall, and is hereby required to the assistant for* best of his (kill and judgement, to assist the said surveyor, when- veyor. ever requested by him, in calling in and attending the performance of the Statute>duty; in collecting-the compositions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures; in maldqg and collecting the assessments; in making out and serving the notices authorised by

this act; and in such other matters and things as shall be reasonably required of him by the surveyor, in the execution of his

office as surveyor, pursuant to this act: and the said assistant

shall justly and truly account with, and pay to, the said surveyor,

or to his order, from time to time, according to the directions

of this act, all the money which shall come to his hands as

assistant, by the means as aforesaid 5 and, in default thereof, he Forfeitures

shall forfeit double the value of the money by him so received, for neglea of

and not so paid and accounted for; and if the said assistant shall* duty*

+wilfully neglect or make default in the performance of any of the duty required from him by this act, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices of the limit within which such assistant shall be appointed: and the Surveyors to

said surveyor shall, and is hereby required to fend orders, in fend orders

writing, upon the said assistant, for the payment of all sums due to any person or persons, for work or materials, by virtue of this act, which amount to forty shillings or upwards; and the said sums amount-

surveyor shall not be responsible for any sum or sums of money ing to 40s. or

which shall be received by the said assistant, and shall not be upwards.

actually paid to such surveyor, or to his order, as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if two if two parts parts out of three of those so to be assembled in any such parish, out of three township, or place, for the nomination of surveyors, as afore- ot those aflem-said, shall agree in the choice of any particular person of (kill ^£5^ and experience, to serve the said office of surveyor for such parish, Jj, an agree in township, or place, and in the settling of a certain salary for his the choice of trouble therein, and shall return the name of such person, toge- ^Pfrfo"of ther with the lift herein-before directed, to the justices of the ^office of peace at their said sessions, to be held in the week next after the surveyor, and Michaelmas quarter sessions; that then, and in every such case, in settling his it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, ifthey shall think salary*

proper.

j88 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

Justices may proper, to appoint such person to be surveyor for such parish, appoint such township, or place, and allow him the salary mentioned in such person, and agreement, which shall be raised and paid in the same manner said^salary '*as ^a^a, 7 herein-before mentioned is directed to be raised and and if any*paid; and in case any surveyor to be appointed under the autho-surveyor shall rity of this act shall die, or become incapable of executing that die, or become office, before such next special sessions for appointing surveyor*, exTcu^ng^he^justices, or any two of them, shall and may, at some office, the special sessions, nominate and appoint such person or persons as justice may they shall think proper, to execute the said office, until such appoint ano- next special sessions for appointing surveyor* as aforesaid; and and a^fowhim^deceased surveyor had a salary, they may allow the same the feiary. salary to his successor, in proportion to the time he shall serve If more fur- the said office; and if the said justices of the peace, at their said veyors than special sessions, or at any time afterwards, pursuant to the powers

°nCohuedbC X^S a<^> appoint more l^an onc for surveyor of

they are all any P*rish, township, or place, all and every person or persons comprehend- so appointed, shall be comprehended under the word Surveyor cd under the in every part of this a8t.

ve*or SUr" VI. And^urt^cr enacted, That no tree, bush, or shrub. No n-ee buffi be P*1^ to stand, or grow, in any highways, within or shrub, al-9 the distance of fifteen feet from the centre thereof, (except for lowed to grow ornament or shelter to the house, building, or court-yard of the or stand with- owner thereof,) or hereafter to be planted within the distance the*centre of rfore^a^ > but the lame shall respectively be cut down, grubbed the highway s up, and carried away, by the owner or occupier of the land or on forfeiture foil where the same doth or shall stand or grow, within ten days of 10*. by the after notice to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their steward owner*. or agCnt> given by the said surveyors, or any of them, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect the sum of ten shillings.

Hedge* and

VII. And be it further enacted, That the possessors of the tree* adjoin- land next adjoining to every highway shall cut, prune, and plafti ing to high- their hedges, and also cut down or prune and lop the trees whom and in grow*ng >n, or near such hedges or other fences, (except those what manner, trees planted for ornament or shelter, as aforesaid,) in such man-to be cut and ner that the highways shall not be prejudiced by the (bade pruned. thereof respectively, and that the fun and wind may not be excluded from fuen highway to the damage thereof; and that if such possessor shall not, within ten days after notice given by the surveyor for that purpose, cut, prune, and pla(h, such hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such tfees, in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor, and he is hereby _ required, to make complaint thereof to some justice of the peace of the limit where such highway shall be, who shall summon the possessor of the said lands to appear before the justices at some special sessions for that limit, to answer to the said complaint; and if it shall appear to the justices, at such special sessions, that such possessor had not complied with the requisites of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, upon hearing the surveyor and the possessor of such land, or his agent, (or in default of his appearance, upon having due proof of the

1773.] Anno 0 dttirtu* tertio Georgii III. c. 7?. 189

service of such summons,) and considering the circumstances of the case, to order such hedges to be cut, plashed, fend pruned, and such trees to be cut down, or pruned in such manner, as may best answer the purposes aforesaid; and if the possessor of such lands shall not obey such order, within ten clays after it shall have been made, and he shall have had due notice thereof, he shall forfeit the sum of two shillings for every twenty-four feet in length of such hedge which shall be so neglected to be cut and pla(hed, and the turn of two shillings for every tree which shall be so neglected to be cut down or pruned, and lopped; and the surveyor, in case of such default made by the possessor,

shall, and is hereby required to cut, prune, and plafli such hedges, and to cut down or prune and lop such trees, in the manner directed by such order; and such poilessor shall be charged with, and pay, over and above the said penalties, the charges and expences of doing the same; or, in default thereof, such charges and expences (hSl be levied, together with the said forfeitures, upon his or her goods and chattels, by warrant from a justice of peace, in such manner as is authorised for forfeitures incurred by virtue of this ach

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ditches, drains, or occupiers of watercourses, of a sufficient depth and breadth, for the keeping lands shall all highways dry, and conveying the water from the same, shall make suffici-be made, fcourea, cleansed, and kept open, and sufficient trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, shall be t made and laid where any watercourse« cartways, horseways, or footways, lead out of the said highways and lay suffi- into the lands or grounds adjoining thereto, by the occupier or cient trunks, occupiers of such lands or grounds; and every person or persons Pj?"' r who shall occupy any lands or grounds adjoining to, or lying £art. near such highway through which the water hath used to paw ways, &c. from the said highway, shall, and is hereby required, from time lwd out of to time, as often as occasion shall be, to open, cleanse, and scour,

the ditches, watercourses, or drains, for such water to pass with- uc an 15 out obstruction; and that every person making default in any of They shall for the matters or things aforesaid, after ten days notice to him, for her, or them, given of the same, by the said surveyor, shall, for offence, 0* every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons laying fons, shall lay, in any highway, any (lone, timber, draw, dung, (tone, timer other matter, or in making, scouring, or cleansing the ditches her, straw, &c. or watercourses, shall permit the foil or earth, dug out of such waynor loU ditches, drains, or watercourses, to remain in such highway, out of ditches, in such manner as to obstruct or prejudice the same, fot the &c. shall, for fptce of five days after notice thereof given by the surveyor ofvery °ffence» the highways; every person or persons offending in any of the fortcit, 0, # said cases, mail, for every such offence, forfeit and pay4he sum

of ten shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any done or timber. Stone, timber, or any hay, draw, dubble, or other matter, for the making of hay, straw, manure, or on any other pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by &c; fla, d

this act, shall be laid in any highway* within the didance of antrcoitht

fifteen

the adjacent lands may remove and dispose of the same to his own use.

lot.

Surveyors duty, on taking a view of the condition of

190 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

highway, and fifteen feet from the centre thereof, and shall not, within five not removed days after notice given by the surveyor, or some person aggrieved in 5 days after thereby, be removed, it shall and may be lawful for the owner tTcowncrof w P°^ffor of the lands adjacent, or any other person or persons whomsoever, by order from some justice of peace, to clear the said highways, by removing the said (lone, timber, hay, draw, dung, or other matter, and to have, take, and dispose of the same, to his'and their own use.

__________ XI. Andy for preventing obstructiom in the said highways, be it

Obstruction in enacted, That if any person shall wilfully fct, place, or leave, the highways any waggon, cart, or other carriage, or any plough or instru-by carriages ment of husbandry, in any of the said highways, (except only

of husbandry* with refPe<^ to such waSg°n> cars> or carriage, during such u 2X1 ry* reasonable time as the same shall be loading or unloacting, and Handing as near the side of such highway as conveniently may makes the of be), so as to interrupt or hinder the free passage of any other fender forfeit carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects; every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Purveyors of the highways, to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall, at all such times and seasons as they shall judge proper, view all the com-the highways, mon highways, trunks, tuiinels, plats, hedges, ditches, banks, &c. within the bridges, causeways, and pavements, within thepari(h, township, or place, for which they maH be appointed Purveyors; and in case (knees ob"m*key ^all °bferve any nuJTances, incroachments, obstruCUons, itructions, &c. or annoyances, made, committed, or permitted, in, upon, or to the prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the directions of this act, they shall, from time to time, as soon as conveniently may be, give, or cause to be given, to any person or persons, doing, committing, or permitting the same, personal notice, or notice in writing, to be left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, specifying the particulars where-If the offender in such nuisances, defaults, obstructions, or annoyances, con-does not re- fist.and jf such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, shall iTuiranceC &c. not amoved* and the ditches, drains, gutters, and water-after notice/ courses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened, and such trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges, made and laid, and such hedges properly cut and pruned, within twenty days afrer such notice of the same respectively given as aforesaid, then the said surveyors shall be, and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered, forthwith to remove such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, and open, cleanse, and scour such ditches, gutters, and water-courses, and make or amend such trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, and cut and prune such hedges, for the benefit and improvement of the said highways, to the bed of their (kill and judgement, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the person or persons so neglecting to make, or open and cleanse such ditches, glitters, or watercourses, or to cut or prune such hedges, during the time aforesaid, after such notice given, shall forfeit, for ever-ry ifoot in length which shall be so neglected, the sum of one

the surveyor shall do it.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 191

penny; and the said surveyors shall be reimbursed what charges and the often-and expences they shall be at in removing such nuisances, ob-"11 P structions, or annoyances, and making or opening, cleaning Jnereof!S* and (souring, such ditches, gutters, and watercourses, and in making or amending such trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, and in cutting and pruning such hedges respectively, by the person or persons who ought to have done the same, over and above the said forfeiture $ and in case such person or persons shall, upon demand, refuse or neglect to pay the said surveyor his charges and expences occasioned thereby respectively, and also the said forfeiture of one penny per foot, then the said surveyor shall apply to any justice of the peace; and, upon making oath before him of notice being given to the defaulter in manner aforesaid, and of the said work being done by such surveyor, and of the expences attending the same, the said surveyor shall be repaid by such person or persons all such his said charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said justice; or, in default of payment thereof on demand, the same shall be levied in such manner as the penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That no person or persons shall Time* of cut* be compelied, nor any surveyor permitted, by virtue of this act, ting hedge*, to cut or prune any hedge at any other time than between the

lift day of September and the last day of March; and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to oblige any person or persons to fell any timber trees growing in hedges lnd^fyi; ne at any time whatsoever, except where the highways mall be or- treej> &c. dered to be enlarged, as herein after mentioned, or to cut down growing in or grub up any oak trees growing within such highway, or in the highway*, such hedges, except in the months of A, or, or any ash, elm, or other trees, in any other months than in the months of December, January, February, or March.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the ditches, gut- Where the old ten, or watercourses, which have been usually made, or which ditche*>ut* are herein-before directed to be made, cleansed, and kept open, cwirfw aro^" shall not be fuflkient to carry off the water which shall lie upon insufficienr, and annoy the highways; that then, and in every such case, it

shall and may be lawful for the said surveyors, by the order of any one or more of the said justices, to make new ditches and new one* nay drains in and through the said lands and grounds adjoining, or be made, lying near to, (bch highways, or in and through any other lands or grounds, if it shall be necessary, for the more easy and effectually carrying off such water from the said highways, and also to keep such ditches, gutters, or watercourses, scoured, cleans-td, and opened; and the said surveyors, and their workmen, are hereby authorised to go upon the said lands for the purposes aforesaid: provided that the said surveyors make proper trunks, tunnels, plats, bridges, or arches, over such ditches, gutters, or watercourses, where the same shall be necessary, for the convenient use and enjoyment of the lands or grounds through Which the same shall be made, and, from time to time, keep

i9*

Cartwayi to market towns are to be made ao feet wide,

and horse-ways or driftways eight feet wide. Justices may order narrow loads to be widened.

or diverted and turned.

Surveyors to agree with owners of lands for re* eompence;

and if they cannot agree.

the same may be assessed by ajary.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c-78. [1773.

the same in repair; and do also make satisfaction to the owner or occupiers of such lands which are not waste or common, for the damages which he, she, or they, shall sustain thereby; to be settled and paid in such manner as the damages for getting materials in several or inclosed lands or grounds are hereafter directed to be settled and paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyors of the highways shall, and they are hereby required to make, support, and maintain, or cause to be made, supported, and maintained, every publick cartway leading to any market town, twenty feet wide at the lead; and every publick horseway or driftway, eight feet wide at the lead, if the ground between the fences inclosing the same will admit thereof*

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall appear, upon the view of any two or more of the said justices of the peace, that the ground or foil of any highway between the fences thereof is not of sufficient breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged, or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged, and made commodious for travellers, without diverting and turning the lame; such judices shall, and they are hereby impowered, within their respective jurisdictions, to order such highways respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such manner as they shall think fit, io that the said highways, when enlarged and diverted, shall not exceed thirty feet in breadth; and that neither of the said powers do extend to pull down any house or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard; and for the satisfaction of the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who are fei/ed or possessed of, or interested in their own right, or in trust for any other person or persons, in the said ground that shall be laid into the said highways respectively, so to be enlarged, or through which such highway, so to be diverted and turned, shall go, the said surveyor, under the direction, and with the approbation of the said justices, shall, and is hereby impowered to make an agreement with him, her, or them, for the recompence to be made for such ground, and for the making such new ditches and fences as shall be necessary, according and in proportion to their several and respectivo interests therein, and also with any other person or persons, bodies politick or Corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging, altering, or diverting such highways respectively, for the satisfaction to be made to him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid: and if the said surveyor, under the direction, and with the approbation, of the said justices, cannot agree with the said person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat, or take such recompence or satisfaction as shall be offered to them respectively by such surveyor; then the justices of the peace, at any general Quarter feuions to be holden for the limit wherein such ground shall lie, upon certificate in writing, signed by the justices making such view as aforesaid, of their proceedings in the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7 193

premises, and upon proof of fourteen days notice in writing laving been given by the surveyor of such parish, township, br place, to the owner, occupier, dr other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, intdrerted in such ground, dr to his, her, or their guardian'; trustee, clerk, or agent, signifying an intention to apply to such quarter sessions for the purpose of tak- at the quarter ing such ground, shall impanel a jury of twelve disinterested session* met! out of the persons returned to serve as jurymen at such quarter sessions; and tfae said jury shall, upon their Oaths, to the bed Of their judgement, assess the damages to be given, and recommence to be made, to the owners and others interested a aforesaid in the said ground, for their respective interests, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding forty years purchase for the dear yearly value of the ground so laid out, and likewise such rodotnpenCe. as they shall think reasonable, for the making ef-new- ditches and fences on the side or Tides of the said high-wvp'&at shall be so enlarged or diverted, and also satisfaction totfiVperson or persons, bodies politick or corporate, that may beOCDCFwife injured by the enlarging or diverting the said highways pespectively r ana, upon payment or tender of the money on payment firfirte awarded and assessed to the person or persons, bodies of money af-pditick or corporate, intitled to receive the same, or leaving it sessed. ground in the hands of the clerk of the peace of such limit, in case such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, cannot be found, highway, or shall refuse to accept the same, for the use of the owner of, or others interested in, the said ground, the interest of the said person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, in the said ground, shall be' for ever diverted out of them, and the said ground, after such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, shall be (deemed and taken to be a publick highway, to all intents and porposes whatsoever; faVing nevertheless to the owner or owners of such ground all mines, minerals, and fossils, lying under the same, which can or may be got without breaking the fur-face of the said highway; and also all timber and wood growing upon such ground, to be fallen and taken by rtich owner or owners within one month after such order shall have been made, or in default thereof, to be fallen by the said surveyor or surveyors, within the respective month aforesaid, and laid upon the fend adjoining, for the benefit of the said owner or owners: and where there shall not appear fufikient money in the hands of Where there the surveyor or surveyors, for the purposes aforesaid, then the It not money feid two justices, in case of agreement, or the said court of sufficienc, ai-quarter sessions, after such verdict as aforesaid, shall order an £flmenrsiriay equal assessment to be made, levied, and-collected, upon all and J^roftSe every the oocupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and justicetat hereditaments, in the respective parities, townships, or places, their quarter where such highways shall lie, and direct the money to be paidfessiont, to the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, so interested, in such manner as the said justiceV, or court of quarter sessions respectively, shall direct and appoint: and the money* thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according V01.XXX. O tw

f9*

not exceeding 6 d. in the pound.

Old highway and foil may be sold by the iurveyor,

fut)je6l to ancient right of way and passage.

Mines and minerals reserved to the owne/s.

Colts of proceedings by whom payable*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c*8*v

to the order and direction of the said justices, or court of quarter sessions respectively, for and towards the purchasing the Jand to enlarge or divert the said highways, and for the roakin& the said'ditches and fences, and also iatisfadlion for the damage* jfhftained thereby; and the said assessiqent, if not paid within ten days after demand, shall, by order of the said ju&ice?, or court of quarter sessions respectively, be levied by the (kid fuf-veyor, in the manner herein after mentioned: prpyided* that no such assessment to be made in any one year shall exceed the rate of sixpence in the pound of the yearly value of the lands* tenements, woods, tithe?, and hereditaments, so assessed. v

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any such MW highways shall be made as aforesaid, the old highway shall be stopped qp, and the fend and foil thereof shall be sold by the said surveyor, with the approbation of t|ie said justictfe to foot* person or persons whose lands adjoin thereto, if he, she, or they, shall be willing to purchase the same, jf ppt, tq some other person or persons, for the full value thereof;, hqt if such old road shall lead to any lands, hpuse, or place, which carUWH in the opinion of fuph justices respectivqly be ac^mn^odtltod.wilkw convenient way and passage from such new highway* w6kb »qi are hereby authorised to order and lay out, if they find it non ceflary i then, and in such case, the said old highway shall only be sold subject to the right of way and passage to such land?, house, or place resppdlively, according to the ancient ufego in that respect; and the money arising from such fele, in either of the said cases, shall be ^ppjied towards the purchase of the Jand where such new highway fli^ll be made: and upon payment or tender of the money fp to be agreed for as. aforesaid, and upon^certificate being (ignifd W l^ie &id two justices, or by the chairman of the said coprt.of quarter-sessions, in case the same shall be determined there*, describing the lauds so fold, and expreiT-ing the sum so agreed for, and directing to whom the same shall be paid; and upon the purchaser's taking a receipt fqr such purchase-money from tfye person infilled tq feseiYe the same, by an irndorfement on the back, of such certificate, the foil of such old highway shall become veiled ip futh purefiafer and his heirs; but all mjnes^ minerals, and fQflils, lying under the same shall continue to be the property.of the perfiqp orperfqns who would frorp titrie to tipipte have been intitled to schp same, if such old highway had continued there. --c.:

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That ip case such jury shall give in and deliver a yerdidl for more monies, as a recoin-pence for the right, ihte^eft, or property* of any person or per- (bus, bodies politick or cprppr^te, in such lands or grounds, or for the making such fence, or for such damage or injury to be sustained by him, bqr, or ihfloa, respectiyjely, as aforesaid, than what shall have been proposed ajid; offend by ^he said furweyor, before such application to the said court of quarter-session^, as aforesaid tfiat then, and-ift fechease, the cQft$-jmd expences attending the said several 'proceedings shall be botneaud paid by

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. ?8. 195

the surveyor of the said highway, out of the monies in his or their hands, or to be assessed and levied by virtue and under the powers of this aeft $ but if such jury shall give and deliver a verdict for no more, or for less monies than shall have been so offered and proposed by the said surveyor, before such application to the said court of quarter sessions } that then the said costs and* expences shall be borne and paid by the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who shall have refused to accept the recompence and satisfaction so offered to him, her, or them, as

aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when it shall appear, highways upon the view of any two or more of the said justices of the bridleways, peace, that any publick highway, not in the situation herein- and footway?, before described, or publick bridle-way, or foot-way, may be IJ, ayhl>ct^.nc<, diverted, so as to make the same nearer or more commodious ^theirfreest to the publick, and the owner or owners of the lands and sessions, with grounds through which such new high-way, bridle-way, or the consent of foot-way, is proposed to be made, shall consent thereto, by the owners ot writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, it theyarenearer shall and may be lawful, by order of such justices, at some spe- ormore con-cial sessions, to divert and turn, and to flop up such foot-way, venientto the and to divert, turn, and flop up, and inclose, fell, and dispose publick, and of such old highway or bridle-way, and to purchase the ground ^aybe^flop* and foil for such new high-way, bridle-way, or foot-way, bypedupand* such ways and means, and subject to such exceptions and con- mclosed. ditions, in all respects, as herein-before mentioned with regard to highways to be widened or diverted; and where any such highway, bridleway, or footway, herein last before described, shall be so ordered to be stopped up or inclosed, and such new highway, bridleway, or footway, set out and appropriated in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons injured or aggrieved by any such order or proceeding, or by the inclosure of any road or highway, by virtue of any inquisition taken upon any writ of Ad quod damnum, to Appealmaybe make his or their complaint thereof, by appeal to the justices made to the; of the peace at the next general quarter sessions, which shall be puarter fef-.holden within the limit where the same shall lie, after such or- ce^n^by ( r made or proceeding had, as aforesaid, upon giving ten days writ of Ad 1 notice in writing of such appeal to the surveyor and party in- quod damnum, terested in such inclosure, if there shall be sufficient time for that or other*iie; purpose; if not, such appeal may be made upon the like notice to the next subsequent quarter sessions of the peace, which courts of quarter sessions are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to hear and finally determine such appeal; and if no such appeal be made, or, being made, such order and proceedings shall be confirmed by the said court, the said inclosures may be made, and the said ways stopped, and the proceedings thereupon shall be binding and conclusive to all persons whomsoever; and the new highway, bridleway, or footway, so to be appropriated and set out, shall be, and for ever after continue, a pub-Jick highway, bridleway, or footway, to ail intents and purpo-. 0 2*fes

No such inclosures to be made until the new highways, &c. shall be com pleated,

and certificate thereof returned to the clerk of the peace.

Concerning those which have been turned above 3 % months and no prosecution commenced.

In.whit cases, and in what nianner, and upon w' at terms, the old highways, 01* the lands lying between the fences in-dosing the same, shall be disposed of.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

[177

fes whatsoever; but no inclosures of such old highways or bridleway; or (loppage of such footway, shall be made, until such new highways, bridleway, or footway, shall be compleated, and put into good condition and repair, and so certified by two justices of the peace, upon view thereof; which certificate shall be returned to the clerk of the peace, and by him inrolled amongst the records of the said court of quarter idfions; but from and after such certificate, such old highways, bridleway, or footway, shall and may be (lopped up, and the foil of such old highways or bridleway fold, in the manner, and subject to the rcferva*-tiens and restrictions herein-before mentioned with respect to highways to be enlarged or diverted by virtue of this aftr tod ^where any highway, bridleway, or footway, hath been diverted and turned above twelve months, either from necessity, where the same have been destroyed by floods, or flips of the ground on which they were made, or from other causes and motived, if new highways, bridleways, or footways, have been made ita lieu thereof, nearer or more commodious to the publick, and the same have been acquiesced in, and no suit or prosecutkm hath been commenced for the diverting or turning! the fame^ every new highway, bridleway, or footway, fct out and used in the place of that so diverted and turned, shall from henceforth be the public highway, bridleway, or footway, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and all persons liable to the repair of toy such old highways, bridleway, or footway, so diverted and turned, of to be diverted and turned, as aforesaid, shall, in the same manner, be and continue liable to the repair of such new highways, bridleway, or footway, except where any agreement shall have been made relative to such repairs, between the parties interested therein, which hath laid the burthen thereof, or of any part thereof, upon any other person or persons in which case the same shall be observed.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no common land, lying between the fences of any old highway to be (lopped up or inclosed by virtue of this act shall be inclosed, and where the land lying between the fences of such highway, not being common land, shall, upon a medium, exceed thirty feet in breadth, and not extend to fifty feet in breadth, the same shall not be (lopped up or inclosed, until farisfaAion shall be made to the owner of such land, for so much thereof as shall exceed the said breadth of thirty feet; and if the parties cannot agree in the Satisfaction so to be made, the same shall be adjusted by the said justices, or the jury, if a jury shall be impanelled-, and if the land between the fences inclosing such highways, not being eotrt-xnon land, shall exceed fiftyfeet in breadth upon a medium, dr if the said old road, so to be diverted or turned shall lie through the open field or ground belonging to any particular person or ersons, such person or persons, and also the perfoft or perforts intitled to the land between the fences on the side of such highway, shall respectvcly hold and enjoy the land and foil of fufeh old highway, and pay to the surveydr, for the use Of the highways,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78, i£jr

so much money as shall be agreed upon between the parties; or if they cannot agree, so much as shall be deemed and adjudged by the said judices, or jury, if such jury shall be impanelled, as aforesaid, to be adequate to the purchase of it, estimating such highway at thirty feet in breadth, upon an average.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any footway when old shall be diverted by virtue of this act through the land belong- footways are ing to the same person who owned the land through which such stopped up, old footway lay, the same shall be adjudged and deemed an ex-n/jnew °.nci change only, and no satisfaction or compensation shall be made, wht^manner unless the land to be used for such new footway shall be of the owners of greater length, and of greater value, than the land used for such the lands shall old footway; and where the said footway shall not be turned and re-through the lands belonging to the same person, the damage faction?'*" pccauoned by such old footway to the lands through which it

lay, if the parties interested shall not agree in adjuring the same, shall be adjudged by two indifferent persons, the one to be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the said two justices; and if the persons so to be nominated cannot agree therein, they shall chuse some third person to adjudge the same, whose determination shall be final; and the money at which such damages shall be assessed shall be applied in making satisfaction to the owner or owners of the land through Which such new footway shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any parish, town- Justices to or-ship, or place, where any highway shall be diverted and turned der unnecef-by virtue of this act, it shall appear to the justices who are here- faTj

by aufborised to view or inquire into the same, that there are oppc other highways within such parish, township, or place, besides that so to be diverted and turned, which may, without inconvenience to the publick, be diverted into such new highway hereby authorised to be made, or into any other highway or highways within such parish, township, or place, and the charge of repairing such highway or highways may be thereby saved to such parish, township, or place, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to order such highway or highways, which (bill appear to them unnecessary, to be (lopped up, and the foil thereof fold, in such manner, and subject to such restrictions, and such right of appeal to the party or parties aggrieved thereby, as are herpin-before respectively directed and given concerning the highways, to be stopped up or inclosed.

XXIII. And be it further eqadled. That every surveyor shall just; ccs on jn.

and m^y, from time to time, give information upon oath to the formation of said justices, or any two or more of them, of all such highways, surveyor, may and of all bridges, causeways, pr pavements, upon such high-

ways, as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any ^repairer! by person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by reason of any tenure, See. to grant, tenure, limitation, or appointment, of any charitable he repaired gift, or otherwise howsoever; and the said justices shall limit a 'vUip" a lime so* repairing (he same, of which notice shall be given by mlU time*

03 the

j$8 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

ftie said surveyor to the occupier or occupier of the lands or te*-nements liable to the burthen of such repairs, or to such other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, as are chargeable.with the same 5 and if such repairs shall not be effectually made

paired'within w^hrn the time so limited, the said justices shall, and are here-that time, may by required to present such highways, bridges, causeways, or prefcut them* pavements, so out of repair, together with the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, liable to repair the same, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the limit wherein such highway shall lie, and the justices at such quarter fefc ftons may, if they (be just cause, direeft the prosecuticm to be carried on at the general expence of such limits and to be paid Cut of the general rates within the same, of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every justice of af-a/Tize and of size> justices of the counties palatine of Chester, L, ancaster, and to makcCpi^ purham, and of the great sessions in Waleiy shall-have author!-fentments of ty by this Statute, upon his or their own View, and every jq-highway#, &c. (lice of the peace, either upon his own view, or upon informant of repair. tien upon path to him given by any surveyor of the highways, 'to make presentment, at their respective assizes or great sessions, or in the open general quarter sessions, of such respective limit of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, or of any other default or offence com? blitted and done contrary to the provision and intent of this Statute; and that all defects in the repair thereof shall be pre-iented in such jurisdiction where the same do lie, and not elsewhere; and that no such presentment, noY any indictment for pny such default or offence, shall be removed by Certiorari', or other wise, Out of such jurisdiction, till such indictment or presentment be traversed, and judgement thereupon given, except where the dury or obligation of repairing the said highways, causeways, or bridges, may come in question \ and that every such presentment made by any such justice of assize, counties palatine, great sessions, or of the peace, upon his own view, or upon such information having been given to such justice of the peace, upon the oath of such surveyor of the highways, as aforesaid, shall be as gopd, and of the same force, strength, and pffeCI, in the lave, as if the same had been presented and found by the oaths of twelve men; and that for every such default or offence so presented, as aforesaid, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great sessions, at their respective courts, and the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall have authority to assess such fines as* to them shall be thought meet: saving to every person and persons that shall be affected by any such presentment, his, her, or their lawful traverse to the same presentment, as well with refyect to the fast of nonrepair as to the duty or obligation of repairing the said highways, as they might have had upon any indictment of the same, presented and found by a grand jury; and the justicCs of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, or the major part of them, may, if they fee just cause, direct the ©rofecqtions upoq

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7?. 199.

such preferments as shall be made at the quarter sessions as aforesaid, to be catried on at the general expdnce of such limit,

Ad to be paid out of the general rates within the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said justices of Justices may the peace, at any special fefiioris to be held by virtue of this act, ^hw^shall may* by writing tinder their hands and fcafs, order and ap- blffirst re- 1 point those highways, (not being turnpike road), which in their paired, opinion do most want repair within their jurisdiction, to be first amended, and at what time, and in what manner, the fam6 shall be amended; according to Which order, if such there be, all and Angular the respective surveyors of the said highways ard hereby required td proceed within their respective liberties.

XXVI. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where five- Direction ral highways meet, be it further enacted, That the said justices, polti where at some special sessions to be held for the purposes of this act, 10*

shall ifltie their precept to the surveyor of the highways for any crc*" parish, township, or place, where several highways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient direction post, or stone, already fixed or erested, requiring him forthwith to cause to be crested or fixed, in the most convenient place where such ways meet, a stone or post, with inscriptions thereon, in large legible letters, painted on each side thereof, containing the name or names of the next market town or towns, or other considerable place or places, to which the said highways respectively lead $ and also at the several approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways as are subject to deep or dangerous floods, graduated (tones or ports, denoting the depth of water in the deepest part of the same, and likewise such direction ports or (tones, as the said justices shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of tra-Tellers in the best and safest tract through the said floods or waters; and the said surveyor shall be reimbursed the expences of providing and erecting the same respectively out of the monies which shall be received by him or them, pursuant to the directions of this act; and in case any surveyors shall, by the spacb of three months after such precept to him directed and delivered, neglect or refuse to cause such (tones or ports to be fixed, as aforesaid, every such offender shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings.

XXVII. And, for the better repairing, and beeping in repair. Materials the said highways, and providing of materials for that purpefi, be where and in it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every surveyor, to be appointed as aforesaid, to take and carry away, or forveyors* y cause to be taken and carried away, so much of the rubbffn or refuse (tones, of any quarry or quarries, lying and being within the parish, township, or place, where he shall be surveyor,

(except such as shall have been got by the surveyor of any turnpike road), without the licence of the owner or owners of such quarries, as they shall judge necessary, for the amendment of the said highways, but not to dig or get stone in such quarry without leave of the owner thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful for every such surveyor, for the use aforesaid, in

*oo Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

pny waste land or common ground, river, or brook, within thm parish, township, or place, for which he shall be surveyor, or within any other parish, townfhij), or place, wherein gravel* (and, chalk, (tone, or other materials are respectively likely to be found, v(in case sufficient cannot be conveniently had within the parish, township, or place, where the same are to be employed, and sufficient shall be left for the use of the roids in fuel* other parish, township, or place), to search for, dig, >gct, and carry away the same, so that the said surveyor doth not thereby divert or interrupt the course of such river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the difiance of one hundred feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like distance of any dam or wear; and likewise to gather (tones lying upon any lands or grounds within the parish, township* or place, where such highway shall be, for such service and purpose, and to take and carry away so much of the said materials ?s by the discretion of the said surveyor shall be thought necessary to be employed in the amendment of the said highways, withoutmak- without making any satisfaction for the said materials, but fa-tionatlS aC- tisfadlion shall be made for all damages done to the lands or but fatitfac- grounds of any person or persons, by carrying away the lame, tien to be In the manner herein after directed for getting and carrying ma-made for da- jterials in inclosed lands or grounds; but no such stones shall be >mges done, gathered without the consent of the occupier of such lands or theni gr°unds* or a licence from a justice of peace for that purpose,

after having fumiponed fuph occupier to come before him, and heard his reasons, if he shall appear and give any, for refuting his consent.

Not to extend JCXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the to stones authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained, relative the°sea ^ie 8a^r*ng or getting of stones, shall extend to any quan-

Beach*Jity of land, (being private property), covered with (tones thrown up by the sea, commonly called Beach.

Jf sufficient X3CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be materials can* lawful for every such surveyor, for the use ^foresaid, to search pot be found f0r, dio, and get (and, gravel, chalk, stone, or other materials, lands &c|C ^ucient c*0001 conveniently be had within such waste lands,

9 f common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and through any of the several or inclosed lands or grounds of any person or persons whomsoever, within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be wanted, or by licence from two justicp$ of the the surveyor peace, at a special sessions within any other parish, township, of may take place, adjpining or lying near to the highway for which fqch lewaloMn- tpaterials shall be required, if k shall appear to such justic's that plofed lands sufficient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parish, pr grounds, township, or place, where such highways lie, of in the waste lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks, of such adjacent parish, tovynship, or place, and that a sufficient quantity of materials will be left for the use of the parish, township, or place, where the same fli^U be, (fuel* lands or grgupd^ nof being a

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. g. 7* lot

garden, yard, avenue to a house, lawn, park, paddock, or inclosed plantation), and to take and carry away so much of the said materials as by the discretion of the said surveyor shall be thought neoeflhry to be employed in the amendment of the said highways; the said 'surveyor making such satisfia&ion for damage to be done to such lands or grounds by the getting and foaioifto the carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between 'him owners, and the owner, occupier, or other perfoa interested. ip such lands or ground respectively, in the presence and with the approbation of two or more substantial inhabitants of such parish, township, or place; and in case they cannot agree, then such what m iadsfaction and recompence shall be settled and ascertained by ner satisfac-order of one or more justice or justices of the peace of the limit tien is to be where such land or ground shall lie: and in such places, where, settled, from the want of other materials, burnt clay may be substituted in the place thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor

to dig clay in such places as he is hereby authorised to dig chalk got and burnt or gravel, and to dry the same upon the lands adjoining, and to into materials bum the same upon any waste lands or common grounds, and for repairing to carry such clay in such manner as other materials are allow- the highways, ed to be carried by this act, upon making such fau?section for the damages within the several inclosed lands or grounds where such clay shall be placed or carried, as herein directed with regard to other materials: provided that when the owner of any such inclosed lands shall have occasion for any such materials lying within the same, for the repair of any highway, 9r other roads or ways upon his estate, or which he shall be under obligation to repair, and shall give notice to such surveyor that he apprehends there will not be sufficient for those purposes, and also for the use of the publick highways; then, and in every such case, the surveyor shall not be permitted to dig or to take such materials without the consent of such owner, or an order of two justices of the peace, after having summoned and heard the said owner or occupier, or his steward or agent; which justices are hereby authorised to inquire into the nature and circumstances of the case, and to permit or restrain such pow«r, in such manner, and under such directions, as to them shall seem just.

XXX. And whenas in same pariJbis, townships, or places, there Expence* in-may not he sufficient materials for the repair of the highways within curred for the same, nor within the'waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or having mate-brooks, of any other parish, township, or place, lying within a con- j^ilhiSioS for venient dislance from such highway, by reason whereof the surveyor damage*, &c. of such highway may be forced to buy such materials, and to make recompence and satisfaction to the owner or occupier of inclosed lands for damage which may be done by getting and tarrying thereof: and whereas no provision is made for raising a fund to rtimburse the expences thereof and also such expences as the said surveyors may incur, by erefling guide-pojh, or otbfrpojls or Jlones, and by making pr repairing such trunks, tunnels, plats, fridges, or arches, as afresaid, (

end by rendering satisfaction for damagesdone to lands by the making of

special sessions^may be raised by an assessmcar.

iol Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. ?1S.

[1773.

of mtv ditches or drains, nor for the fahry to be paid by fitch pari/b9 township, or plate, to such surveyor as aforefindr\ be it therefore on application enacted, That upon application by such surveyor to the justices to iuihces* at of ifo peace, at their special sessions, and qath made tA the sum or fu<n6 of money which he hath bona fide laid out and expended, or which will be required for the purposes aforesaid, the said justices, or aity two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause an equal assessment to be made for the purposes aforesaid, upon all occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within such parish, township, or place, where such money shall be so expended or laid out; and the same shall be made and collected by such person or persons, and allowed in such manner, as the raid justices, by their order at such sessions, shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the direction of the said justices, for the purposes aforesaid; and the said assesshient shall be levied in such manner as herein after mentioned: provided nevertheless. That no such assessment to be made for those or any of these purposes, in any one year, not exceeding cxcce<* rate <*f nxpence in the pound, of the yearly va-6d. in the B hie of the landfc, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, pound. so to be atiefled.

If pit* or holes XXXB. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor, or are made in person employed by him, shall, by reason of the searching for, getting mate- digging, or getting any gravel, fond, (tones, chalk, day, or rials, ^other materials for repairing any highways, make, or cause to cause them to atiypit or hole in any such lands or grounds, rivers

be filled up or or brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such materials shall be found, fenced off, such surveyor, person or persons, shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off, and such fence supported and repaired, during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue open, and (hell, within three days after such pit or hole shall be opened dr made where no gravel, (tones, or materials, shall be found, cause the same to be forthwith filled up, levelied, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the same; and where any such materials shall be found, within fourteen days after having dug up sufficient materials in such pit or hole, cause the some to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced off, and so continued; and every surveyor shall, within twenty days after he shall be appointed to that office, cause all the said pits and boles which shall then be open, and not likely to be further ufc-ful, to be filled up or (loped down, in manner aforesaid; and if they are likely to be further useful, he shall secure the same by ports and rails, or other fences, to prevent accidents to persons or cattle; and in case such (brveyor, person or persons shall rteglecV to fill up, (lope down, or fence off, such pit or r for ft it 10$.n m*nrter and within the time aforesaid, he or they shall for every neg- forfeit the sum of ten shillings'for every such default; and in case ha such surveyor, person or persons, shall neglect to fence off such

pit or hole*, or to flbpe down the same, as herein-before direct-

ed*

1773.] Anno o decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

ed, for tho space of six days after he or they shall havie received notice for either of those purposes from any justice of the peace, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or waste lands, as aforesaid, and such neglect and notice shall be proved upon oath before one or more of the said justices of the peace, such surveyor, person or persons, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor leis than forty shillings, for every such neglect; to be determined and adjudged by such justice or justices, and to be laid out and applied in the fencing off, filling up, or Hoping down, such pit or hole, and toward the repair of the roads in the parish, township, or place, where the offence shall be committed, in such manner as the said justice or justices shall direct and appoint j which forfeiture, in case the same be not forthwith paid, shall be levied as other ferfeitures are herein after directed to be levied.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no stone, gravel, or materials, to be dug for the use of any other parish, township, or place, than that wherein the same are found, shall be removed or carried from the place where they shaft be so dug at any other time than between the first day of April and the first day of November, or in the time of hard frost in the winter season.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall dig, or cause to be dug, materials for the highways, contrary to the direction of this act, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin-works, may be damaged or endangered j every offender therein shall forfeit, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, at the discretion of the court of justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyor, to be appointed as aforesaid, together with the inhabitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within each parish, township, or place, shall, at proper seasons in every year, use their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and shall be chargeable thereunto, as followed; that is to say, every person keeping a waggon, cfert, wain, plough, or tumbrel, and three or more horses or beasts of draught used to draw the same, shall be deemed to keep a team, draught, or plough, and be liable to perform Statute-duty, with the same, irr the parish, township, or place, where he resides, and shall, six days in every year, (if so many days shall be found necessary,) to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, fend on every day, and at every place, to be appointed by the surveyor for the amending the highways in such parish, township, or place, one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished after the ciifton\of the coun-? try, with oxen, horses, or other cattle, and all other fteceflaries fit to carry things for that purpose, and also two ablelfftn with such wain, cart, or carriage; Which duty so perforfood shall egeufe every such person from his duty in such parishj taftnship*

y Qt

303

and for every neglect after notice given.

a sum not exceeding xol. nor leii than 40 s.

Materials dug for the use of any other pa-rim to be removed in summer or hard frost.

Persons damaging mills, buildings, dams, £c. by digging materials, forfeit not exceeding <1. nor less than aos.

Statute-duty,

in respect of keeping a team or occupying lands*

£04

Contribution in money*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

or places in respect of all lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, not exceeding the annual value of fifty pounds, which he shall occupy therein; and every person keeping such team, draught, or plough, and occupying in the same parish, township, or place, lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, over and beyond the said yearly value of fifty pounds, in respect whereof such team-duty shall be performed, and every such person occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parish, township, or place, besides that wherein he resides, and every other person not keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occuping lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any parish, township, or place, shall, in like manner respectively, and for the same number of days, find and fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished with not left than three horses, or four oxen and one horse, or two oxen and two horses, ' and two able men to each wain, cart, or carriage; and, in like manner, for every fifty pounds per iWMwwrespectively which every such person shall further occupy, in any such parish, township, or place respectively, such wains, carts, or carriages, to be employed by the surveyor in the repairing and amending the highways within the parish, township, or place, where such lands* tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, shall respectively lie; and every person who shall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but shall occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in the parish, township, or place, where he resides, or in any other parish, township, or place, and every person keeping a team, draught, or plough, and occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parish, township, or place, than that wherein he resides, shall respectively contribute to the repair of the highways, and pay to the surveyor of such parish, township, or place respectively, in lieu of such duty, the sums following; videlicet, for every twenty shillings of the annual value of such lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, rc-spe<$tively, the sum of One penny for every day's Statute-duty which shall he required and called for by the surveyor of such parish, township, or place respectively, in every year, not exceeding six days duty in the whole, as aforesaid; and every such person respectively shall, in like manner, pay the sum of one penny for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall occupy in any such parish, township, or place respectively, above the annual value of fifty pounds, and less than one hundred pounds, and so for every twenty Quillings that each progressive and intermediate annual value of twenty shillings, of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shallfo occupy, shall fall Short of the further increase of fifty pounds, |n every ^ifhj ^wnflnp, or place* where such lands, tenements,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 405

woods, tithes, and hereditaments, shall respectively lie, for every day's statate-duty so to be required as aforesaid; which said How these several sums shall be considered as compositions, and shall be contribution* paid to the surveyor of the parish; township, or place, in which they are charged, for the use of the highways therein, at the ecj# time such compositions are to be paid under the authority of this act, or within ten days after; or, in default of such payments, such money shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons refusing to pay the same, in such manner as the forfeitures for the neglect in performing the Statute-duty are hereby authorised to be levied and raircd: provided that no person keeping such team, draught, or plough, and performing duty with the same, as aforesaid, in the parish, township; or place, where he resides, and not occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the faitie, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, shall be obliged to fend more than one labourer with such team, draught, or plough.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every person who The duty recall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but shall keep one quired from, or more cart or carts, and one or two horses or beasts of draught persons who only, used to draw in each of such'carts upon the highways; a

shall be obliged to perform his fiktute-duty for the like numbed keep one or of days with such; cart or carts, add horse or horses, or bealtS of two horse» draught, and one labourer to Attend each cart, or to pay for theufed to lands; tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the rate aforesaid, at the option of the surveyor; and every person who shall keep a coach, post-chaise, or who keep a chair, or other wheel-carriage, and not keep a team, draught,

or plough, nor occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, orc] c*c# hereditaments, of the annual value of fifty pounds, in the parish, '

township, or place, where he shall refiae, shall pay to the surveyor one shilling in respect of every such day's Statute-duty, for every horse which he shall draw in any such carriage, or shall pay according to the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the rate aforesaid, at the option of the surveyor; and also every man inhabiting inperfbnal la-any parish, township, or place, and being of the age of eighteen, bour required and under the age of sixty years, not chargeable in any of the Tefpefts aforesaid for lands, tenements, woods, tithes, of here* ^ho^ccupy ditaments, of the yearly value of four pounds, or upwards, and less than 4.1. not being bona fide an apprentice or menial servant, not hav- p*r anmm» ing performed the said duty, of paid the composition for the same, in any other parish, township, or place, for that year,

shall, by themselves, or one sufficient labourer for every of them,

upon every of the said days on whidi they shall be called forth

by the said surveyor, together with the said other labourers,

work and labour in the amendment of the said highways, as they shall be directed by such surveyor; and if the said teams. Three men to

draughts, or ploughs, or any of them, shall not be thought be lent in lieu

ineedful by the surveyor, on arty of the said days, then everyofa team*ttf

such person who Should have sent-any such team, draught, orrcquire 9

plough.

or 4$. 6d. in money.

During what hours, and under what

to6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

plough, according to the directions aforesaid, shall, according to the notice to be given, as herein after directed, fend, unto the said work, for every one so spared, three able paen, there to labour as aforesaid, or to pay to the said surveyor the sum of four shillings and sixpence in lieu thereof; and all such persons as aforesaid shall respectively have and bring with them such (hovels, spades, picks, mattocks, and other tools, and instruments as are ufctul and proper for the purposes aforesaid; and all the said peribos and carriages shall diligently perform the work and labour to which they shall be appointed by such furr thf'du^&all ycy°r for hours in every of the said days, within such be performed* panto* township, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other parish, township, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parish, township, or places for. which they shall be required to perform such duty, and labour as aforesaid: and if any person fending a team, as aforesaid, shall not fend a sufficient labourer besides the driver, (except as herein-before mentioned;,) or if any such labourer, or driver, or any other labourer, or the driver of any cart, required by this act to perform Statute-duty as aforesakl, shall refuse to work*- and labour, during the time above mentioned, according to the

direction of the surveyor; or if any driver shall refuse to cany prpper and sufficient loads; it shall and may be lawful for fact surveyor to discharge every such team, cart, or labourer, and to recover from the owner of every such team or cart the forfeiture which every such person or persons would have incurred by virtue of this act, in case no such team, cart, or labourer respectively had been sent.

The surveyor

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may may call for be lawful for the surveyor, where the employment for teams is part of a team of such sort that two horses will be sufficient for one cart, or where he thinks it necessary.

where a (land cart with one horse shall be necessary, to call upon any person liable to fend a team, draught, or plough by virtue of this act, who keeps one or more cart or carts, and three or more horses, to fend such cart or carts, horse or horses, to perform his (latute-duty, as the surveyor shall find most convenient, and shall direct; and the surveyor shall allow every such (land cart and one horse as half a team, and every cart and two horses as two-thirds of a team; and if a waggon shall be found necessary for any particular business, the surveyor may require the duty, or any part thereof, to be performed with such waggon, by any person who keeps one; which directions of the surveyor shall be observed, or the person liable to perform such duty shall forfeit such sum as the duty so required of him shall bear, in proportion to the forfeiture hereby inflicted for every neglect in performing duty with a team, draught, or plough.

What notice to be given

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such fur- lor veyor shall, from time to time, give to, or quife to be left at performing the house, or usual place of abode of every person or persons so tftf duty. liable to perform such duty or labour, as in this act directed, four days notice at the lead of the day, hour, and place, upon

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. 7$* toy

which each of the laud day's duty shall be required to be per-fortped j and evety person or persons making default in finding Forfeitures for and (ending each wain, cart, or carriage, furnished as aforesaid, <^ery default and such able men with the same, as herein required, or in per- or neSlcit* forming the find duty at the time and pfcce, and in the manner, by this act directed, shall, for every Mich default or neglect in (ending such wain, cart, or carriage, with such men as aforesaid, forfeit the sum af ten shillings; and for every default in fending every cart wkh ooe horse and one man, three shillings; and for not fending every cart with two hotter end one man, five shillings; and every person or perfect making default in fending any such labourer, and every person making default in performing such (about at the time and place, and in the manner, dittoed by bhiartdv or in paying fib com position-money for the ne btrtin mentioned, (haIJ, for every such neglect, forfeit

of One JhtlUog and fixpepcc; all which forfeitures shall Application hHl||wdd for thie use of the highways within the parish, town- of forfei-foip, pUoSy'iwhere the same shall arise; and the said fur- t"[es' veyor flaall fairly: and equally demand and require such duty and labour from every person or persons liable 10 perform the the duty fairly teo.according td. the directions of this act, without favour or and equally, pajfbdity to any person, or persons whomsodyer: and if in fllptflintb* township, or place, it shall not be necessary to Call forth the whole.duty.in any year, it shall be abated in a just and equal proportion amongst all persons liable to the same; and the hid surveyor may and shall, and he is hereby required, with all convenient speed, after default made in performance of such duty or labour as aforesaid, to proceed for the recovery of the penalties or forfeitures hereby inflicted for the same respectively, mi manner herein after directed, so that the same may be recovered before be makes up his accounts in the manner directed by this act.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That Persons may my person or persons liable to perform the said duty, by fending compound for one or more team or teams, draught or draughts, plough or "*tate*work* ploughs, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said surveyor, at the time, and in the manner, herein after mentioned, such (urn or sums of money as the )u(Uces of the peace for the limit wherein such parish, township, or place, shall be, or the major part of them, at their said special sessions, to be held in the fiift week after quarter

fe Axons in every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding six shillings, nor lrfs than rhree shillings, for each CompoCtions team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their fixed, adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of four (hidings and sixpence for and in lieu of every such' day's duty for each team, draught, or plough; and for every cart and one horse or beast of draught, two. shillings'; and for-every cart with two horses or beasts of draught, three shillings, for and in lieu of every day's duty j and every inhabitant liable to perform such duty or '6 la-

20$ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$.

[1773.

labour, as aforesaid, and not chargeable in any other respect, as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the surveyor the sum of four-pence for and in lieu of every such day's duty or labour ref pec-tively, at the time, and in the manner henein-after directed for the payment of compofitianTtnoney.

Justices may

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further en&ded. That if directheper- it shall appear to the justices, at their special sessions, to be held formance of In the week next after Michaelmas: quarter sessions, that from the labour in* °* (^ce<^ons hereinbefore given for the performing andcom-kindUinany pounding: the statute-duty, there will be difficulty in procuring particular pa* the necessaiycarriage, or a sufficient number of labourers for nfti, &c. the repair of the highways, in ahy particular parifil, township, where they or pkc^ within their respective limits, without, paying high and gantCprlcc«a" extravagant prices for the lame, it shall and may be lawful for reqniml/'; such justices.to order and direct the team-duty hereby required,

or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, i within every such parish, township, or place, except in 1 respect of; fiichrteams as belong to persons who do not occupy lands*, tenements*, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of thirty pounds within the same; and also to order the labourers, liable by this act to perform or compound for Statute-duty, or such part of them as they shall think fir, to perform six days labour ripon such highways in kind, in case so many days duty shall be inquired, upon being paid for such labour the usual and -customary wages given to labourers in such parish, township, or place, deducing the reout the sum of four-pence for each day's duty so performed, being the composition hereby allowed for labourers: provided that if part of such teams or labourers only are required, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices in some given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth, part thereof; and the surveyor shall, in that case, at a publick vestry for such parish, township, or place, put the names of all the persons. liable by this act to fend such teams into one hat or box, and the names of alLthe persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box, and some inhabitant then present shall draw out such number from each as shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the said justices, and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year; and that if any such order shall be made or continued in the fiibfe-quest year, the same method: shall be observed, but the names drawn in the preceding year shall not be put into such hat or box; and in every fuccetding year such method and regulation shall be observed by such surveyor, as to render the duty so required to be performed in kind as equal amongst the several persons liable thereto as may be: which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compounding, and shall be binding ami effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in force until it shall be discharged or varied by the justices some subsequent special sessions for the highways within such

209

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

limit, to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter felCons; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

XL. Provided always, and be be it further enacted, That if Justices may any person or persons who shall keep a team, draught, or mitigate the plough, and shall not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, competition, or hereditaments, to the value of thirty pounds per annum, in mafntalnThU1 the parish, township, or place, where he shall reside, but shall in team partly part maintain his horses and beasts of draught used in such team from lands in upon or from lands which he shall occupy in one or more adja- ano.t*Jcr cent parish or parishes, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, at some special sessions, to mitigate and reduce the duty or composition so required to be performed or paid by such person or persons, in such manner, and to such sum, as they shall think just and reasonable.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors to surveyor of every parish, township, or place, shall, on some Pvc notice Sunday in November in every year, cause ten days notice at the least to be given in thevchurch or chapel of such parish, town- pounding, ship, or place, and if there be no church or chapel, or no service performed therein, then at the most publick place there, and repeat the like notice in such churpji, chapel, or place, on the next succeeding Sund.y, of the time and place when and where the persons permitted under the authority of this act, and inclined to compound for the said duty, in manner aforesaid, may signify to such surveyor their intention to compound; and all and every person or persons signifying the same, who shall then, or within the space of one calendar month afterwards, pay to such surveyor the composition authorised and allowed by this act, shall be discharged from the performance of such duty, How the com* which composition-money shall be employed by the surveyor position-mo-for the use of the highways; and that no composition shall be permitted, unless the same shall be paid at the day, or within pi0yed. the time aforesaid; but in cases where the occupation of any lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, shall be changed, or any new occupant or inhabitant shall come to reside in such parish, township, or place, after the time appointed for such composition, then the person or persons occupying such lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, or so residing in such parish, township, or place, shall be allowed to compound in manner aforesaid: provided he, she, or they, shall pay the said compofitiph-money to the said surveyor within fourteen days after he, she, or they, shall enter upon such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or shall come to reside in such parish, township, or place; and every tenant or occupier of any lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, who intends to quit the possession thereof within six calendar months from the time fixed for making such composition, shall and may compound for half the duty hereby required, and the succeeding tenant or occupier shall and may, in that case, compound or perform the duty in kind for the other half thereof\ and if the

210

Persons keeping a draught or plough, and no carnage, to pay for the hoi fes or oxen drawing the m*

Inhabitant* may fix certain timet when the statute-duty shall not be called forth.

Where the surveyor receives com potmen-money due to the turnpike roads, he shall pay it to the treasurer,

to be laid out for the use of the turnpike road within the parish, &c. where it it cohered.

If the duty Md the mosey

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

fufveyor shall receive from any person or persons a composition for more duty than shall be required from the other inhabitants and occupiers within the same parish, township, or place, for the same year, he shall repay such extraordinary composition-money to such person or persons, so as to bring the duty to an equality amongst all such inhabitants and occupiers.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every parish, township, or place, where any person shall keep a draught or plough, and no carriage, he shall pay to the surveyor the sum of one shilling for every horse, or pair of oxen or neat cattle, used in such draught or plough, for every day's Statute-duty on the day such duty is required to be performed, or pay according to the rate aforesaid for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall occupy in such parish, township, or place, at the option of the surveyor.

XLIII. Andy in order to prevent as much as pojjfble any income-nience to the persons liable to perform Statute-duty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the inhabitants of every parish, township or place, at some vestry, or other publick meeting or meetings to be held pursuant to this act, to appoint three months in every year, within which no Statute-dury shall be performed; videlicet, one month in the spring, to be called The Seed month j one month in the summer, for the hay harvest; and one other month in the summer, for the com harvest: provided that notice, in writing, be given of the times so appointed to the surveyor of such parish, township, or place respectively, and also to the surveyor of every turnpike road lying within the same, within three days after every such meeting, and fourteen days at lead before the beginning of each of such months.

XLIV. And whereas, by several acts of parliament concerning turnpike roads, a certain part of the duty called Statute-duty is or may be directed to be performed on such roads, and it maf happen in some places, that the several persons liable thereto may have compounded for the fame\ be it therefore further enacted, That in all such cases, the surveyor of the highways of the parish, township, or place, where such composition shall have been made, shall pay to the treasurer or surveyor of such turnpike roads a certain part of the composition-money so received, to be proportioned according to the number of days duty which such person or persons was or were liable to perform on such turnpike road; which money shall be laid out and expended on such part of the said turnpike road as lies within the parish, township, or place, from which it was received, and not elsewhere; and if such surveyor of the highways shall refuse or neglect to pay to the treasurer or surveyor of such turnpike road such part or the said composition-money so received by him, within twenty days after he shall have received the same, upon demand made by such treasurer or surveyor, the same shall and may be levied upon the goods and chattels of such surveyor, in such manner as penalties and forfeitures are by this act authorised to be levied.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if upon application

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78., 21!

of the surveyor of the highways for any parish, township, or before lutho-place, to the justices of the peace for the limit wherein such ^snot

parish, township, or place, lieth, at their general or quarter sufficion", sessions of the peace, or at some special sessions for the highways, the justice*the said justices shall be fully satisfied, by proof upon oath, that may order an the duty hereby directed to be performed, and the money hereby authorised to be collected and received, has been performed, applied, and expended, according to the directions of this act, or shall be fully satisfied that the common highways, bridges, eaufeways, streets, or pavements, belonging to such parish, township, or place, are so far out of order that they cannot be sufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleansed, and supported, by the means herein-before prescribed, (notice being first given of such intended application at the church or chapel of such parish, town-ship, or place, on some Sunday preceding such quarter or special sessions, or if the place be extraparochial, notice, in writing, being first given offoch intended application to some of the principal inhabitants residing in such extraparochial place, a week at lead before such general or special sessions); that then, and in any of the said cases, an equal assessment upon all and every the occupier of lands, tenements, woods, tithet, and hereditaments, within any, such pariftt, township, or place, shall or may be made and collected by such person and persons, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices, by their order, at such general or special sessions,

shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of the said justices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleansing, and supporting, such highways, eaufeways, streets, pavements, and bridges, from time to time, as need shall require.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That the assessment herein last But such if. before authorised, and the assessrrrent herein before authorised, feflment, »ith for buying materials, making satisfaction for damages, erectinghc ?ther»for guide-posts, and paying the surveyors salary, shall not together, ^a^fn£cmnot in any one year, exceed the rate of nine-pence in the pound of to exceed 9d. the yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and in thepoundin hereditaments, so to be assessed.ny^year.,

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no fine, iflbe, pe- pjnes> penai_ nalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not ap- ties and for-pearine to any indictment or presentment for not repairing the futures how same, mall hereafter be returned into the court of exchequer, or to^c, ev*e<* other court, but shall be levied by and paid into the hands of an api>u*such person or persons residing in or near the parish, township or place, where the road shall lie, as the court imposing such fines, issues, penalties, or forfeitures, shall order and direct, to be applied towards the repair and amendment of such highways; and the person or persons so ordered to receive such fine shall, and is hereby required to receive, apply, and account for the same, according to the direction of such court, or in default thereof shall forfeit double the sum received; and if any fine, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, to be impeded on any such parish, ^0

p 2 towa-

212 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

township, or place, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied on any one or moro of the inhabitants of such parish, township, or place, that then such inhabitant or inhabitants shall and may make his or their complaint to the justices of the peace, at their special sessions; and the said justices are hereby impowered and authorised* by warrant under their hands and Teals, to cause a rate to be made, according to the form and manner herein-last before prescribed, 'for the reimbursing such inhabitant or inhabitants the monies 1b levied on him or them as aforesaid; which rate so made, and confirmed by any two justices; shall be collected and levied by th^ surveyor of the highways of such parish, township, or place, so prefejited or indited, as aforesaid; and the said surveyor Hull, within one month next after the making and confirming the rate aforesaid, collect, levy, and pay unto such inhabitant or inhabitants the money so levied on him or them as aforesaid.

The survey-'XL

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor of the or's duty is to highways for every parish, township, or place, shall carefully keep books, and diligently collect, or cause to be collected, the several assess-and enter the cents', forfeitures, penalties, sums of money, and compofi-aUmoneirpaid ^on*> dire(3ed and allowed to be received and taken within the and received j kmc by virtue of this act, within the year for which he is appointed surveyor, and shall keep one or more book or books, in which he shall fairly enter a just, true, and fair account of all such money as shall have come to his hands, or to the hands of the said assistant, in respect of such parish, township, or place, % by virtue and for the purposes of this a#, and to whom, and on what occasion, he shall have ppid or applied the same; and and also of all shall also enter in such book or books 2 list or lists of all such

money remaining due;

also of all tools, materials, &c.

and shall produce his accounts at a vestry meeting.

and afterwards before a justice of peace, who may allow them;

sums of money as shall then remain due and owing from any person or persons, in respect of the payments, compositions, zffeffments, penalties, or forfeitures, to be collected, received, or taken, for and in respect of the said highways, by virtue of this act; and the said surveyor shall also enter in the said book or books an account of all tools, materials, implements, and other things provided, or to be provided, by order of the inhabitants, at a vestry or other publick meeting for the repair of the said highways, at the publick expence of such parish, town-ship, or place; and shall produce such bookstand the assessments made within that year for the purposes of this act, unto the inhabitants of the parish, township, or place, to which they belong, at a vestry or other publick meeting to be held for that purpose, within fifteen days before the said special sessions (o to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter sessions, as aforesaid, to the intent that the said accounts, assessments, and lifts, may be inspected by the inhabitants of such parish, township, or place respectively; and every such surveyor shall, after the said books and assessments shall have been produced at such meeting, take the same to such justice of the peace for the limit wherein such parish, township, or place, doth lie, and on such

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

day, and at such hour, as shall be agreed upon at such meeting, some day after the said meeting of the inhabitants, and before such last mentioned special sessions, and then and there verify such account, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required; and such justice may allow such account, if he finds it just, or postpone it until such special sessions, if he finds cause for so doing, or they may in which case it may be settled and allowed at such special fef- be further ex-fions, after the parts objected to by such justice shall have been*

explained and verified by proper evidence, to the satisfaction of disallowed, at the justices at such special sessions; and in case any articles con- the special tained in such accounts shall not be explained and proved to thef*(fion«, satisfaction of such justices, they may disallow the same; and whenever the said accounts shall be so settled and allowed, or disallowed, as aforesaid, all such books and assessments shall be transmitted to the churchwarden or overseer of the poor for such parish, township, or place respectively, or, if the place be extraparochial, then to some principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the use of such parish, township, or place; and the said surveyor shall forthwith deliver a duplicate of such book and account, together with all sums of money as shall remain in his hands, and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and rials, tools, other things, as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor for such&c. to be depart (h, township, or place, in case any new surveyor shall be j!vered f° the appointed, or retain the same in his hands, and account foss^cyor!S them in his next account, if he shall be continued surveyor for such parish, township, or place, in the succeeding year; and it shall and may be lawful for the succeeding surveyor, and he surveyor is hereby authorised and required, to recover, collect, and receive authorised to all such sums of money which shall be due and owing as afore- collect the ar-said, by all such ways and means, as fully and effectually, to rear, > &c# all intents and purposes, as the preceding surveyor could, might, or ought to have recovered, collected, or received the same: and in case such surveyor shall neglect to provide such book or books, xhe surveyor or to enter such respective accounts and lifts therein, or to de- liable to for-Jiver* the said book or books, and such duplicate thereof, and features for such assessments, tools, materials, implements, and other things, °* in manner aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit any u sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings; and in case he shall make default in the paying or accounting for the money so remaining in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit double the value of the money which shall be adjudged by the said justices to be in his hands; and in case any such surveyor shall die be- If surveyor fore such respective accounts and lifts shall be made our, or such monies, books, assessments, tools, materials, and itnple- ^n'account ments, shall be so delivered and paid, the executors or admini- in the same strators of such surveyor shall make out, pay, and deliver the manner, lame, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as such surveyor is hereby required and made subject and liable to; and every surveyor shall pay to the justices clerks, for the appointment and charge, the sum of one shilling; for the bond fix-

p 3 pence i

414 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

Feet to be paid pence; and for the account so to be examined and taken, and to the jultioes for the oath' so to be administered, the sum of one shilling, and c cr * no more; and if any person or persons shall receive any greater sum or fee for the business aforesaid than herein-before mentioned, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence. Surveyor may

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every parish, contract for township, or place, where a sufficient quantity of (lone, gra-carryin/irn- or ot^cr materials, cannot be provided and carried

teriaus, at a by the labourers and teams required by this act to perform (la-publick meet- tute-duty within such parish, township, or place, the said surveyor shall, and is hereby required to contraA for the getting and carrying thereof, (in the presence of the said aflislant, if any such shall be appointed), at a meeting to be held for that purpose of which ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the door of the church or chapel of such parish, township, or place, or if there be no church or chapel, at the most publick place there; which notice shall specify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting thereof; If the surveyor and if any surveyor shall have any part, share, or interest, direct, tus a Shire in or indirectly, in any such contraA or in any other contraA or bar-any con ra,n fQr work or matcrjajs to be made, done, or provided, upon, or shall l*t to for, on account of any of the highways, roads, bridges, or other o^rfe1l^wtd^, works whatsoever, under his care or management, or shall, upon pose of any*his own account, direct, or indirectly, let to hire any team, or timber, (tones, sell or dispose of any timber, (lone, or other materials, to be Sec. without used or employed in making or repairing such roads, bridges, 'uft!cTo^0m*or other works, as aforesaid, (unless a licence in writing, for peace! he shall the of any such materials, or to let to hire any such team, forfeit ip |. be first obtained from some justice of the peace within that limit), and be incap- be shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, able of being an(j for ever after incapable of being employed as a surveyor sTfalary.* with a faiary, under the authority of this aAt Surveyor, for L. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor of the every ijegleA highways, after his acceptance of the said office, shall neglect of duty, shall his duty in any thing required of him by this act, for vyhipp no forfeit 51. particular penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit, for every such ^ular^iudty °^ence> any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten it imputed. Y Shillings, atfthe discretion of the justice or justices having jurisdiction therein.

Persons en- kl. And be it further enacted, That where any lands have

feoffed with been, or shall be given, for the maintenance of paufeways, lands for the pavements, highways, and bridges, all such persons who are, or^enfeoffed or trusted with any such lands, shall let them higlfway^and to ^arm at the most improved yearly valire, without fine; and bridges, shall that the justices of the peace, in their open sessions, shall and let them to may inquire, by such ways and means as they shall think fit-farm at the ting,; nl0 the value of all such lands so given, or to be given. td°value!r0V. anc* ot^eT the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof according to the will and direAion of the donor of such lands, if they find that the persons so intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance or trull, (except

21S

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$.

such lands have been given for the uses aforesaid to any college or hall in either of the universities of this kingdom, which have visitors of their own); any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And whereat in some places it hath been and may be found Penalty on necessary, and the surveyors are hereby authorised and required, to persons da-secure horse eaufeways and foot eaufeways, by pofis, blocks, or great a8in£ fiones, fixed in the ground, or by banks of earth cafi up, or other- direct

wife, from being broken up and spoiled with waggons, wains, carts, tion or carriages; and forasmuch as several evil-disposed persons do or may mile (tones, wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage battlements of fata posts, blocks, and great ft ones, Jo fixed, or to be fixed, as afore- brid8c, find* and drive carriages upon such banks and eauseways, or against the ftdes thereof, and also dig or cast down the said banks, which arc the securities and defence of the said eauseways, whereby the cause-ways or banks are often ruined-and destroyed; and such evil-disposed persons do or may break, damage, or throw down the stones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and do or may pull down, defiroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile fione, or pofi graduated, or direction pofl or fione, erected or to be erected upon any highway: for prevention thereof, be it enacted, That every person who shall be guilty of any such offence, shall, upon complaint thereof, made to any justice of the peace of the limit where the same shall be proved to be done, by the oath of any one credible witness, or upon view of the justice himself, forfeit for every of the said offences any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings j and in default of payment thereof, shall be committed to the house of correction of such limit, there to be, whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than seven days, at the discretion of such justice.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the Justices ofeu peace of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other places, tj*f»5;° Put are hereby required to put in execution every part of this act L!c*ut; ont0 within their respective jurisdictions.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Justices of d-thing in this adfc contained shall authorise or impower, or be to

deemed, construed, or taken to authorise and impower, any ^0* fauHef justice or justices of the peace, for any city, town corporate, or to surveyors, borough, to fix or allow any salary to or for any surveyor to be appointed by any such justice or justices, other than and except such salary as shall be settled and agreed upon by two parts out except such as of three of the persons assembled in the parish, township, or be agreed place, within such city, town corporate, or borough, for which Ul^tingoHhe such surveyor shall be appointed, pursuant to the directions of householders, this act.

LV. And whereas the highways not being turnpike roads, are Limitation of much prejudiced by the narrowness of the wheels of the several carri- the number of ages travelling thereon, and by the excessive burthens loaded in such carriages; be it enacted, That no waggon, having the foie or caiffwith bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, different

p 4 shall Wheels.

216 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

[177$;

shall go or be drawn with more than eight horses; and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, shall go or be'.drawn with more than five horses 5 and that no waggon, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of six inches, and rolling on each side a surface of nine inches, shall go or be drawn with more than seven horses; and that no such wag* gon rolling a surface of six inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than fix horses; and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of six inches, shall go or be drawn with more than four horses; and that no waggon having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth that) six inches, shall go or be drawn with more than five horses; and that no cart having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, shall go or The owner be drawn with more than three horses upon such.highways, un-feit"cT.gand ^er r*ie Pa*ns> penalties, and forfeitures herein after mentioned; the driver ios. (that is to say), that the*owner of such waggon or cart respectfor every tively shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and the driver not

horse above being the owner, the sum of ten shillings, for every horse or allowed?* bead shall be so drawing above the number hereby so

respectively limited as aforesaid, to the sole use and benefit of the roUcn^o^nformer> but carriages moving upon wheels or roliers, of the retrained in breadth of sixteen inches on each side thereof, with flat surfaces, the number of are hereby allowed to be drawn with any number of horses, or horses. other cattle.

Prosecutions

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no prose-for such addi- Cution shall be commenced before a justice of peace, by way of nalnurnber information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver and n?whatW^any carriage» having a greater number of horses therein than manner to be are allowed by this act, unless such information be laid within carried on. three days after the offence committed; and that no action shall be commenced for any such offence, unless the same be commenced within one calendar month after the offence committed; and that neither such information or altion shall be laid or commenced, unless notice shall be given by the informer to the driver of every such carriage, on the day upon which the offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence; and if it shall appear to the justice before whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

Justice of^LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it peace, at their shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, at their re-quarter fef* fpC(^lve general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held in the dons, may li- week after Michaelmas, to licence, in such manner, and for such cencean in- time, as they shall think fit, an increase of the number of horses create of the to be drawn in carriages up any steep hill, or on any road not horses^ °* turnpike, within their respective jurisdictions, over and above the number herein-before limited, if, upon inquiry into the state and

con*

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 217

condition of such roads, they shall find any additional number of horses necessary; and, from time to time, at any AMichaelmas quarter sessions, to reyoke, alter, or vary the same, as they shall think fit.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it Justices may shall appear upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satis-h>P proceed, faction of any justice or justices of the peace, or of any court of fcuure in*-justice authorized to enforce the execution of this ad\, that any speftofaddi-waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or tional borfc*, ice, be drawn by the number of horses or beasts of draught hereby from ice respectively allowed; then, and in every such case, it shall and they^cie°ne-mav be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace, or court ceflajy. respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to (lop all proceedings before them respectively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing, with a greater number of horses, or beasts of draught, than are hereby allowed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also. That the regulations herein-before Carriagesex* mentioned, Concerning the number of horses, and wheels of car- c5Ptcl0Ut riages, shall not be deemed or construeAto extend to carts, wag-1 1

gons, or other carriages, employed only in carrying any one stone, block of marble, cable rope, or piece of metal, or piece of timber, or to such ammunition or artillery, as shall be for his Majesty's service; and that two oxen or horned cattle shall, for °*fn all the purposes of this act, be considered as one horse. 15?

LIX. And, for the better discovery of offenders against this Thc owner.#-present act, be it enacted, That the owner of every waggon, nameT&c.^o wain, or cart, and also of every coach, post chaise, or other carriage be painted on let to hire, shall paint, or cause to be painted, upon some conspi- all waggon*, cuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all such coaches, post chaises, or other carriages, cs> chai£ before the same shall be used upon any publick highway, his or es! &c. let to her christian and surname, and the place of his or her abode, in hire, large legible letters, and continue the same thereupon so long as such waggon, cart, coach, post chaise, or other carriage shall be used upon any such highway 5 and the owner of every common stage waggon or cart, employed as travelling stages from town to town, shall, over and above his or her christian and surname, paint, or cause to be painted, on the parr, and in the manner aforesaid, the following words. Common Stage Waggon^ or Cart, as the case may be; and every person using any such carriage as aforesaid upon any highway, without the names and descriptions painted thereon respectively as aforesaid, or who shall paint, or cause to be painted, any false or fictitious name or place of abode, on such waggon, wain, cart, coach, post chaise, or other carriage,

shall forfeit, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings.

LX. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mischiefs Drivers of are frequently done upon the streets and highways, by the negligence or wilful misbehaviour of persons driving carriages thereon, be it there- misbehaviour fore further etu&ed, That if the driver of any cart, car, dray, or or negligence,

wag-

21$

in order to^prevent accidents.

Justices may huld and adjourn special teflions when* ever they

ti>ink fit,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

waggon, shall ride upon any such carriage in any street or highway, not having some other person on root, or on hogback, to guide the same, (such carriages as are conduced by some person holding the reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted; or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever on any part of any street or highway shall, by negligence, or wilful miioeha-viour, cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage parting or being upon such street or highway, or shall quit the highway, and go on the other side the hedge or fence inclosing the same; or wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, whilst it shall be parting upon such highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle drawing the same; or shall, by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free passage of any other carnage, or of his Majesty's subjects, on the said highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon, cart, or other loaded carriage; or if any person shall drive, or act as the driver, of any such coach, post chaise, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name, as before required, painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true christian and surname of the owner of such respective carriages; every such driver so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted of any such offence, either by his own confession, the view of a justice of peace, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace of the limit where such offence shall be committed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten shillings, in ca(e such driver shall not be the owner of such carriage; and in case the offender be owner of such carriage, then any sum not exceeding twenty shillings: and in either of the said cases, shall, in default of payment, be committed to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the same shall be sooner paid; and every such driver offending in either of the said cases, shall and may, by authority of this act, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any person or persons who shall fee such offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before some justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law: and if any such driver, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name, it shall and may be lawful for the justice of the peace before whom he shall be taken, or to whom any such complaint shall be made, to commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or to proceed against him for the penalty aforesaid, by a description of his person and the offence, and expressing in such proceedings that he refused to discover his name.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace within their re- speflive limits, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, whenever they shall judge proper, to hold any special fef-4'fions,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78, 219

fions, besides that which is herein-before directed, for executing the purposes of this act; and to adjourn the same from time to, time, as they shall think fit, causing notice to be given of the upon giving time and place of bolding such special sessions, and of the adjourn- nonce to the ments thereof, to the several justices acting and residing within lcr lccs* such limits, by the high constable, or other proper officer within the same.

LXII. And, for preventing obstructions, which frequently In order to happen by flopping of carriages on or near publick bridges, be it ob*

further enacted, That if any person or persons collecting any tolls aichoafet*Arc. payable for puffing over any publick bridge with carriages or cat- n^t suffered to tie of any kind, shall keep any victualling-house, alehouse, or be kept on other place of publick entertainment, or mall fell, or permit to bridge* where be sold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, spirituous liquors, or lakeo*

other strong liquors, by retail, he, she, or they, being lawfully convicted of such offence, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by his own confession, before any justice of the peace of the limit wherein such offence shall be committed,

/hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds#

LXIII. And whereas inconveniencies have arisen from making Penalty for hedges or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of incroaching lands or grounds near the middle or centre of highways: for remedy*0* wajr* thereof be it enacted, That if any person shall incroach, by making, or causing to be made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any highway, not being turnpike road, within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any highway, where the breadth of such highway is formed and marked, or described with certainty, and does not exceed in breadth thirty feet, evei7 person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, forty shillings, to fudi person who shall make information of the same; and it shall be lawful Incroachment for the surveyor who hath the care of any such road to cause such° he taken hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the expence of the person or persons to whom the same shall belong:

and it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the limit where such offence shall be committed, upon proof to him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective penalties hereby imposed, by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, in such manner as di-strefles and sales for forfeitures are authorised and directed to be levied by virtue of this act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Court may lawful for the court before whom any indictment or presentment award colts to shall be tried for not repairing highways, to award cods to the ^dcfciufai1^ prosecutor, to be paid by the person or persons so indicted or pre- I" fented, if it shall appear to the said court that the defence made di&ment or to such indi&mem or presentment was frivolous; or to award preeminent.

costs

Expences for carrying on oj defending prosecutions, agreed upon at a vestry meeting, bow to be paid.

The notice required for holding vestries or publick meetings.

Sums assessed may be levied by distress and fate of the offender's goods.

Surveyor may be a competent

WllllciS.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

costs to the person indicted or presented, to be paid by the prosecutor, if it shall appear to the said court that such prosecution was vexatious.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of any r parish, township, or place, shall agree, at a vestry or publick meeting, to prosecute any person by indictment for not repairing any highway within such parish, township, or place, which they > apprehend such person was obliged by law to repair, or for committing any nuisance upon any highways, or shall agree at such vestry meeting to defend any indidhnentor presentment preferred against any such parish, township, or place, it shall and may be lawful for the surveyorof such parish, township, or place, to charge in his account the reasonable expences incurred in carrying on or defending such respective prosecutions, after the same shall have been agreed to by such inhabitants at a vestry or publick meeting, or allowed by a justice of the peace within the limit where such highway shall be; which expences, when so agreed to, or allowed, shallfbe paid by such parish, township, or place, out of the fines, forfeitures, compositions, payments, and assessments, authorised to be collected and raised by virtue of this aeft.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a vestry or publick meeting of the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, is authorisedprdiredted by this act, there shall be, publick notice given of the day, hour, and place, of holding the said meeting, at the church or chapel of such parish, township, or place, ' on the Sunday next preceding such meeting, and also notice thereof in writing, specifying the purpose of such meeting, fixed at the same time upon the door of such church or chapel, and the same shall not be held till three days at least after such notice given; and if there be no church or chapel, the like notice of such meeting shall be given in writing, and put up at the most publick place therein, three days at least before such meeting.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums assessed upon him, by any assessment to be made in pursuance of this act, within ten days after demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by the surveyor, or any other person or persons authorised, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace, having jurisdiction therein, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so'refusing or neglecting, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners thereof, the necessary charges of making such distress and sale being first deducted; and in default of such distress, it shall be lawful for any such justice to commit the person so refusing or neglecting to the common gaol, there to remain until he shall have paid the sum so assessed, and the costs and charges occasioned by such neglect or refusal.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor of any parish, township, or place, shall be deemed) in all cases, a competent witness, in all matters relative to the execution of this act, notwithstanding his salary may arise in part from the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflicted.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78, 221

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the forms of pro-Concerning ceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, the f of which are set forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto annex- procc lnfig* ed, shall be used, upon all occasions, with such additions or variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the case; and that no objection shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any such proceedings, by any person or persons whomsoever.

LXX. And, in order to have the contents of this act morege- Printed ab-nerally communicated and known, be it further enacted, That stra&s to be the justices of the peace, within their respective limits, shall, at eve- rur*

ry special sessions to be held in the week next after the Michailmat y general quarter sessions of, the peace, procure and deliver, or caused to be procured and delivered, a printed abstract of the most material parts of this act to every surveyor, to be then appointed by them respectively, as the charge hereby directed to be given; and shall also, at their said special felons, to be held in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every of the said surveyors, one other of the said printed abstract of this act, for the use of the parish, town-ship, or place, for which the said surveypr shall be appointed; which last mentioned abstract. the said surveyors are hereby re-One to be spectively ordered and required to fix on the church or chapel fixed on the door, or other publick place, within their respective liberties, on church door* the next Sunday after they shall so receive the same; and the said surveyors shall severally pay to the said justices' clerks the sum of sixpence for each of the said last mentioned printed abstracts.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons resist-persons shall resist or make forcible opposition against any person »ng the execu-or person employed in the due execution of this act, or makction oflili4a^ any refeue of the cattle or other goods distrained by virtue of this act; or if any condable, headborough, or tythingman, shall re- or constables fuse or neglect to execute or obey any warrant or precept granted refusing to by any justice of the peace, pursuant to the directions of this act; obey every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof by a justice of the peace, shall, for every such offence, forfeit ahy toforfe|Jnot sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor kfs than forty shillings, at exceeding 10l. the discretion of the justice before whom he or die shall be so nor left than convicted; to be paid to the surveyor of the highways for thc4* parish, township, or place, where the offence was committed, to be laid out in the repair of the highways: and in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said forfeiture, after such conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to commit such person or persons to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the limit where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties an$l Forfeitures, forfeitures by this act imposed for any offence against the same, costs, and and all costs and charges to be allowed and ordered by the au- charges, may thority of this act, (the manner of levying and recovering ofj^y

which 1 r

222

fate of the offender's goods:

in what manner to be applied*

How to proceed when the offender lives within another jurisdiction.

Warrant of distress when to be issued.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied by distress and fate of the goodrand chattels of the offender, or person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by warrant under the hand and feat of some justice of the peace for the limit where such offence, tieglect* or default, shall happen, or such order for payment of such costs or charges* shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distress (if any be) to the party or parties, after deducting the charges of making the same; which warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender, by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon order made as aforesaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highway where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen; to be applied towards the repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this act; but in case the surveyor shall be the informer, then the whole shall be employed towards the repair of such highway: and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs and charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and reouired, by warrant under his hand and sea), to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable to pay the same respectively, to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the limit where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforesaid shall be made, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, costs, and charges, shall respectively be sooner paid; and if such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the justice hereby authorised to grant such warrant, it shall and maybe lawful for any justice of the peace of the limit wherein such person shall inhabit, and every such justice is hereby required, upon request to him for that purpose made, and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby such forfeiture or penalty was incurred, and of the order for the payment of such costs and charges, produced and proved by a credible witness upon oath, by warrant under his hand and teal, to cause the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, and the costs and charges mentioned in such order, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as aforesaid; and if no sufficient distress can be had, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable as aforesaid, to the common gaol, or house of correction, of such limit, for the time and in manner aforesaid.

LXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That no warrant of distress, unless otherwise directed by this act, shall be issued for levying any penalty or forfeiture, costs or charges, until six days after the offender shall have been convicted, and an order made and served upon him or her for payment thereof.

LXXIV. PrO-

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 223

LXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every The profecu-prosecutor or informer may, at his election, sue for, and recover r

any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this act, which shall amount <^4 for t to the sum of forty shillings or upwards, (the manner of recovery forfeiture by thereof not being particularly directed by this act), either in the information manner herein before directed, or by action at law, to be brought *0* bU ac-by such informer or prosecutor in any of his Majesty's courts of ^on a^law^if record, in manner following; (that is to say), where any person it amount to shall be liable to any such pecuniary penalty, it shall and may beot. lawful to sue for and recover the same by action of debt, in which it shall be sufficient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in ttye sum of being

forfeited by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the statutes now in being for the amendment and freservation of the publick highways within toot part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; and the plaintiff, if he recovers in any such actions, shall have double costs.

LXXV. Provided, That there shall not be more than one re- Within what covery for the same offence; and that ten days notice, in writ- time a*on# ing, be given to the party offending previous to the commence- feneed, an!d* ment of such action; and that the same be brought and com- what notice is menced within one calendar month after the offence for which to be given, such action is brought shall have been committed.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Coiwiftions conviction shall be had or made by virtue of this act, unless upon*£to be confession of the party accused, or upon the oath of one or more m c* credible witness or witnesses, or upon the view of a justice of peace, in the cases before mentioned $ and that any inhabitant ofohtb£ant any parish, township, or place, in which any offence shall he^"^a&0° committed contrary to this act, shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such pa* n£h, township, or place.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Justicei may be lawful for any justice of the peace to administer an oath to any edmmittee witness or witnesses, or other person or persons, for the betteroa u discovery and execution of the several matters or things hereinbefore authorised or directed to be examined, enquired into, or performed by such justice.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any distress Satisfaction shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by vir- recoverable tuc of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, J^L^Ttoit nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser streu not un-or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any lawful for proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties di- of for Braining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account cccdbawT* of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case.

LXXIX. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall Plaintiffs not

recover recofw w

224 irregularity* if tender of amends be made.

Appeal may be made to

Suarter fef-ons by the person ag

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

recover in any action for any irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on th* behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings or orders, and judgment, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done by any justice or justices of the peace, or other person, in the execution of any of the powers given by this act, and for which no grieved by any particular method of relief hath been already appointed, every thing done in such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any gene-of this a6tl°n ra* <luarter sessions of the peace to be held for the limit wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, such appellant giving, or causing to be given, notice in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice, or other person or persons against whom such complaint shall be made, within (ix days after the cause of such complaint arose, and within four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace within such limit, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter session; and every justice of the peace, and other person, having received notice of such appeal, as aforesaid, shall return all proceedings whatsoever had before them respectively, touching the matter of such appeal, to the said justices, at their general quarter sessions aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every such neglect; and the said justices at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and, award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directec); and the determination of such quarter session shall be final and conclusive to all intents and pur-Proceedings poses; and that no proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of not to be this act shall be quaffied or vacated for want of form, or removed want of form^Certiorari9or any other writ or process whatsoever, (except no"remove. as herein-before mentioned), into any of his Majesty's courts of oble by Certio- record at Westminster, any law or Statute to the contrary notwith-mri. (landing: provided that no such appeal shall be made against any

conviction for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by virtue of this act, unless the person convicted shall, at the time of such conviction, if he or she shall be then present, if not, within six days after, give notice of his or her intention to appeal, and at the same

time

22 5

rime 'enter into recognizance with sufficient sureties to pay such penalty or forfeiture, in case such conviction shall be affirmed upon such appeal; and upon his or her giving such security, the further proceeding for such penalty or forfeiture shall be suspended until such appeal shall be heard and determined.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thinga^lon5# done or acted in pursuance of /this ad; then, and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought within the county where the fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give General issue. this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this pretent ad: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other place than as aforementioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgtnent shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble Treble costs, costs, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall com- When the ad men^e and take place, with relped to the assembling of the commences, householders and others, and the making and delivering of lifts of persons qualified to serve the office of surveyor, and the giving notices to the persons contained in such lifts, upon the twenty-first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and, with relped to all the other matters and things herein contained, on the eleventh day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

LXXXIII. And, to the intent that there may be only one Ad 7 Geo. j. law subsisting for the several purposes aforesaid, be it further en- repealed, acted and declared, That from and after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one an of parliament, the fevered thtutes now in being for the amendment and prefer Ration of the publick highways of this kingdom, and fGr other purposes therein men-'honed, (except so much thereof as repcals^the several acts, and parts of acts, therein mentioned, which are not revived by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an an, passed ifi the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and prefer -

Vol. XXX, Q,vation

pa/s their accounts at special sessions after Michael mas next.

Exceptions relative to Bi iftol}

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

ration of the publick highways of this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Surveyors ap-

LXXXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the several surveyors pointed under appointed under the authority of the said act passed in the fe-7 Geo. 3. to venth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall produce such books and lifts, and pass their accounts, before the justices at their respective special sessions, to be holden within their respective limits, in the Week next after the Michaelmas quarter sessions, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and pay the balances thereof, in such manner as they ought to have done at the special sessions, which was by the said act to have been held on the first Monday in Octobery or within fifteen days after; and if the justices shall appoint any surveyor or surveyors under the authority of the said act, such appointment shall be void, and of no effect.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained, touching the making and returning lifts of persons qualified to be surveyors of the highways, and the appointment of such surveyors, nor the repeal ot part of an act, made in the third year of King William and Queen Mary, relating to such surveyors, shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend to the city of Bristol; but that the several acts of parliament which have been paued previous to this act, relative to surveyors of the highways, and to cleansing, paving, lighting, and regulating the streets and other places within the said city, shall remain in full force, and be executed in as full and ample manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as the same might or ought to have been, if this act had never been made.

LXXXVI. Provided also, That nothing in this act shall extend, of be deemed or construed to extend, to the parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, and Saint John of Wap-pingy in the county of Middlesex % or either of them.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That of nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed orcon-strued to extend, to alter, restrain, or abridge, the powers or authorities given to the commissioners of sewers by any act or acts of parliament whatsoever, or to vary or after any of the provisions or regulations thereby made, directed, or provided; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

and Saint Mary Matfelon, &c.

Powers of

THE

SCHEDULE

(Stating the forms) to which this act refers.

Warrant for calling the meeting of the householders, and for fixing that of the justices for appointing surveyors.

Middlesex. To the conjiabks, headboroughs, and tything then, within the (Hundred) Riding) Division) Liberty) or Precinct) as the case shall be) of in the said county.

IN order to carry into execution an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways, you are hereby severally required forthwith to give publick notice to the churchwardens, surveyors of the highways, and householders, being assessed to any parochial or publick rate within your respective liberties, that thiy do assemble on the twenty-second day of September next, at the church or chapel, or if there shall be no church or chapel, then at the usual place of publick meetings within their respective liberties, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon; and that the major part of them so assembled do make a list of the names of at least ten persons living the rein, who each of them have an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within the same, in their own right, or in right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds by the year j or a personal estate of the value of one hundred pounds; or are occupiers or tenants of houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds: and if there shall not be ten persons having such qualifications, then that they do insert in such lift the names of so many of such persons as are so qualified, together with the names of the most sufficient and able inhabitants not so qualified, as shall make up the number ten, if so many can be found, if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the office of surveyor of the highways: and you are also severally required, within three days after making the said lift, to deliver a copy thereof to one of the justices of peace of the said (Hundred) Riding) Divi-> fioeiy See.) as the case shall be) living in or near the same {Parifa &c.); and also to give personal notices to, or cause notices in writing to bp left at the places of abode of the several persons

228

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

contained in such lift, informing them of their being so named, to the intent that they may severally appear before the said justices at their special sessions to be holden at within the said ( Hundred, Sic.) on the day of

now next ensuing, at the hour of in the forenoon of the same day, to accept such office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have any, against their being appointed; and you are likewise to give notice to the present surveyors of the highways, within your respective liberties, to appear at the same time and place, and pro* duce such accounts and lifts before the said justices as are required by the said act j and you, and each of you are personally to appear before the said justices, at their said special feiCons, and then and there severally deliver to the said justices the said origi. nal list or lists taken within your respective liberties, and give an account of the execution of this our precept.

Given under our hands and seals, the day of _ in the year of our Lord, 17

N°. II.

Lift of persons to be returned to the justices.

A Lift of the fevered persons named for surveyors of the highways for the (insert the name of the parish, township, or place) at a meeting held at in the said (Parish,

the by Of 17

A.B.

C.D. fcfr.

WE whose names are subscribed, being two parts in three of the persons assembled at the meeting aforesaid, do This to be agree in the choice of A. as a fit person to serve the office added, when of surveyor for the (insert the Sic.) aforesaid, and in the

personls re- aN°waPce to him of for his trouble in

commended*, executing the same for the year ensuing; and we do recommend the said A.B. to the justices for their appointment accordingly.

N°. III.

Notice to the persons contained in the lift.

A B. take notice, That you was at a meeting held at (insert "* the name of the parish, See.) on the day of

named as one of the persons to be returned to the justices as fit to serve the office of surveyor for the said (Parish, See.) for the year ensuing; and if you have any cause to shew why you Should not be appointed to serve such ofijee, you must make the same appear before the justices.

at their special sessions to be holden at on the

day of next.

r Constable, j T>) Headborough, or Tithingman,

L(as the case fall be.)

229

N*. IV.

Order to the (Constable, &c.) to return to the justices the amount of a sixpenny assessment.

Middlesex. To the (Constable, £*,) of

YOU are hereby required to return to us, and the other justices, to be assembled at the special sessions to be held at for the (Hundred, See.) of in the said county,

on the day of next,

the amount of the last assessment of sixpence in the pound, for the use of the highways within your liberty, if any such has been raised; if not, what you apprehend, from the best information you can get, an equal assessment of sixpence in the pound upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the said liberty, according to their yearly value, will amount to.

Given under our hands this day

of 17

N°. V.

Return to the justices of the amount of a sixpenny assess-

ment.

To the justices assembled at their special sessions at the day of 17

IN obedience to your order, I do return and certify, that the last assessment of sixpence in the pound, for the use of the highways within the liberty of amounted

to the him of

[If no assessment of sixpence in the pound hath been made, then as under.)

IN obedience to your order, I do return and certify, that no assessment hath been made of sixpence in the pound, for the use of the highways within the liberty of but I apprehend, from the best information which I have been able to get, that an equal assessment of sixpence in the pound, upon all the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the said liberty, will amount to the sum of

A.B. (Constable, &c.)

Q.3 N°. Vk

1

l$0

This to be inferred when a surveyor is appointed with a salary.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

[177

N\ VI.

Appointment of a surveyor.

Middlesex. At a special sessions, held at it1 the hundred of by justices of the peace for the faii

county, a fling within the said hundredr on the day of 17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint A.B. Sec. of (insert the name of the parish, Sec. where he lives) in the said hundred, surveyor or surveyors) of the highways within the said (Parish, See.) for the year ensuing; (and we do allow the said A.B. the salary of for

his trouble :,) and you the said A.B. are faithfully and truly to execute the said office of surveyor, according to the directions of the Statute, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third* " For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " an abstract of the material parts of which Statute is hereunto annexed.

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year above mentioned.

N°. VII.

Bond from the surveyor.

WE A.B. surveyor of the highways for the (Parish, Township9 See.) of and C. D.

of are bound to E. F.

of aforesaid, in the sum of

pounds to be paid to the said E. F. his executors, administrators, or assigns j for which payment we hereby bind ourselves severally, and each of our heirs, executors, and administrators.

Dated the day of 17

The condition of this bond is such, that if the said A.B. his executors, or administrators, shall duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay, all and every the turn and sums of money which shall come to his hands, as surveyor of the highways for the {Parish, Sec.) according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the Statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " then this bond to be void, or else to remain in full force.

N°. VIII.

Appointment of an assistant to the surveyor.

Middlesex. At a special sessions, held at

in the hundred of by justicet of the peace for the said county, a fling within the said hundred, on the day of 17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint C.D. a substantial inhabitant of the {Parish, See.) of in the said

231

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

said hundred, assistant to A.B. whom we have appointed surveyor of the highways for the said (Parish, &c.); and you the said C.D. are, to the best of your (kill and judgement, to assist the said surveyor, whenever requeued by him, in calling in and attending the performance of the Statute-duty, in collecting the compositions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and in making and collecting the assessments, and in making out, and serving, the notices authorised by the alt, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, 44 For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " and in such other matters and things as shall be reasonably required of you by the said surveyor, in the execution of his office of surveyor, pursuant to the said act; and you are justly and truly to account with, and pay to, the said surveyor, or to his order, the money which shall come to your hands by the means aforesaid.

Given under our hands and feats, the day and year above mentioned.

N-. IX.

Oath to be administered to the surveyor upon passing his

accounts.

1A.B. do swear. That the accounts now produced and delivered by me, as surveyor of the highways for the (Parish % &V.) of for the last year, are just

and true, to the best of my knowledge.

So help me GOD.

N°. X.

Allowance of the accounts,

October, 17

'J^HESE accounts were examined and allowed before

N*. XI.

Notice from the surveyor to remove nuisances and obstructions, and to cut hedges, 6?r.

To C.D. of

IN pursuance of the direliions given by the all, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third,4 For the amendment and preservation of the highways, "

I A.B. surveyor of the highways for the [Parish, See. of To remove

do hereby give you notice, forthwith to remove nuifaners and the (Dung) Timber) Stone, &c.) placed by you in a certain part obstruction*. of the King's highway, lying between and

in the (Pari/b9 &c.) of to

the obstruction and annoyance of the said highway; ort (forth?

with.

232 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

To cut and with to cut, prune, and plafli the hedges, and cut or prune the

prune hedges, trees, and to open, cleanse, and scour the several ditches and

prunetrees^tercourses, belonging to you) in or near the highway, lying

and to open between and to the intent that the

and scour water may be drained from the said highway, and that the fun

ditches and anc[ wjnd may not be excluded from such highway, to the

watercourfei. prcjudice thereof.

Dated this day of 17

A.B.

N°. XII.

Allowance of charges and expences paid by surveyors, which are to be repaid by the possefiors of the lands, t£c. and order of the justice for that purpose.

Middlesex. 1X7 WHEREAS complaint hath been made unto me A.B. esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of peace for the said county, by the oath of surveyor of the highways for the parish of in the said county,

that C.D. of having had due notice to cut

and prune his hedges, and cleanse and scour his ditches and watercourses, within or adjoining to the publick highway between and in the said parish of

hath neglected to do the same within the time required by such notice, and that the said hath caused the same respectively to be cut, pruned, cleansed, and scoured, pursuant to the directions of the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " and hath expended therein the sum of as appears by an account now pro-

duced to me, which I think a reasonable charge, and do therefore allow the same, and hereby order the said C.D. to pay the said sum of to the said

within six days from the time of his being served with this order.

Given under my hand and seal, this day

of 17

N6. XIII.

Order of a justice of peace to make new drains.

Middlesex. To C.D. of surveyor of the

highways for the (Parish, £s*V.) of

WHEREAS complaint hath been made to me A. 5.

esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, that the ditchn gutter, or watercourse, for conveying the water from the highway at in the (Pari/b9 &c.)

of in the said county, is not sufficient for that purpose, and that the cleansing and opening the same will not effectually carry off the said water, but that the said highway, may

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 233

may be effectually drained, and the water carried off, by making a new ditch or drain through the lands or grounds of lying near the same for the length of yards, and the

breadth of feet; and the said

having been duly summoned to appear before me, to shew cause, if he had any, why the said ditch or drain Should not be made, and the said not appearing, or (not shewing

sufficient cause against the same,) and it appearing to me that such ditch or drain is necessary, I do hereby order and require you to enter into and upon the said lands of the said

and there make, pr cause to be made, a new ditch or drain of the length and breadth aforesaid, and of a convenient depth, making or tendering sufficient satisfaction to the said for the damages to be done thereby within one

calendar month after the same shall be so made; such damages to be settled and ascertained in manner directed by the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways.*

Given under my hand, this day

of 17

N°. XIV.

Notice of application to be made for an assessment.

AGddlesex. OTICE is hereby given, that application will xN be made to the justices of the peace acting for the (Hundred) of in the said county, at their special

iessions, to be held at in the said (Hundred,) on the day of one thousand seven hundred for an equal assessment to be made,

not exceeding in the pound upon all and every the

occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the (Parish, &c.) of for the use and benefit of the highways, within the said (Parish, &c.) Dated this day of 17

A.B. surveyor.

N°. XV.

Order at special sessions for an assessment of sixpence in

the pound.

Middlesex. At a special sessions for the highway;, held at

in the hundred of in the said county, the

day of 17 by justices of peace for the said county afiing within the said hundred.

UPON application made to us by the fujveyor of the highways for the (Parishj &c.) of and upon evi-

dence given upon oath before us, (that the duty directed to be performed, and the money authorised to be collected and received, by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of

hia

*3*

IfnoafleiT-merit has been made for buying matcriais, &c. this may amount to nine-pence in the pound $ but if a six-pence aflfcff-menthad been made before, it mad be only threepence.

These latter words may be <added here, tf there has been no tbf-mer a(Te(T-inent for those purposes.

(When it is

only to be widened, leave out the words in italick, and insert, )

But may bs eonvenuntly enlarged and widened, by adding thereto from

or, widened 4sd enlarged.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

his majesty King George the Third, For the amendment and preservation of the highways, 1' have been performed, applied, and expended, according to the directions of the said act:,) cr9 (we are fully satisfied, that the common highways, bridges, causeways, streets, and pavements, belonging to the (Parish, &c.) of are so far out of order, that they cannot be sufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleansed, and supported, by the means prescribed by the said act:,) and it appearing to us, that notice has been duly given cf such intended application, according to the direction of the said act, we do hereby order, direct, and appoint, that an equal assessment, not exceeding the sum of

in the pound, upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within thfe said {Pa-rijhy &c.) of shall be forthwith made by the said surveyor, and shall be allowed by one justice of the peace for the said hundred, and shall be collected by the said surveyor, and that the money so to be assessed and collected shall be applied for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleansing, and supporting such highways, causeways, streets, pavements, and bridges, (and for buying materially making satisfaction for damages, erecting guide-pojhy and paying the surveyor*s salary,) according to the direction and true intent' and meaning of the said act.

A.B.

C. Dm

N°. XVI.

Order of two justices for [widening] Or [diverting and turning] a highway.

Middlesex, IT TE, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, acting within the (Hundred, &c.) of within the said county, having, upon view, found that a certain part of the highway between and

in the (Parish, &c.) of in the said {Hundred, )

for the length of yards, or thereabouts, and particu-

larly described in the plan hereunto annexed, is for the greatest part thereof narrow, and cannot be conveniently enlarged and made commodiout for travellerj, without diverting and turning the same; and having viewed a course proposed for the said new highway, through the lands and grounds of and of the length of yards or thereabouts,

and of the breadth of feet, or thereabouts, particu-

larly described in the plan hereunto annexed which we think will be much more commodious to the publick; we do hereby order, that the said highway be diverted and turned through the lands aforesaid; and that the surveyor of the* highways for the [Parish, &c.) of where the said old highway

lies, do forthwith proceed to treat and make agreement with the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. 235

the said and for the recoin-

pence to be made for the said ground, and for the making such ditches and fences as shall be necessary, in such manner, with such approbation, and by pursuing such measures and directions in all respects, as are warranted and prescribed by the Statute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways: " and in case such agreement shall be made as aforesaid, we do order an equal assessment, not exceeding the rate of sixpence in the pound, to be made, levied, and collected, upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the said (Parish, &c.) of and that the money arising thereupon be paid and applied in making such recompence and satisfaction, as aforesaid, pursuant to the directions of the said act.

A.B.

C.D.

N°. XVII.

Certificate from the said justices to the court of quarter # sessions.

7b the justices of the peace, at their general quarter fejfmsy to le This is to be

held at in the said county, the wrote upon the above or-

(*ay v 17 der, when no

WE the within named A.B. and C.D. do hereby certify agreement to the said court of quarter sessions, that we made and catt bc made* signed the within order, and that with our approbation, and by our direction, the said surveyor hath treated with the said

and for the said lands required for the purposes aforesaid, but was not able to make any agreement for that purpose with them, or either of them; and that he tendered to the said the sum of and to the said

the sum of as a recompence for the said

ground, and for the making the said ditches and fences, which they, and each of them, refused to receive.

A.B.

C.D.

N°. XVIII.

Order for flopping up the old highway, and felling the land and foil thereof.

WE whose names arc subscribed, being the justices of peace

who have viewed the several highways described in the if there are

plans hereunto annexed, and made an order for diverting the more high-

old highway; and being satisfied that the new highway therein way* than

described is properly made, and fit for the reception of travellers,

do hereby order the said old highway, being of the length of therefliould

yards, and of the breadth of be a separate

feet, upon a medium, as appears by the said plan, to bc stopped ord*r m

caco.

up*

Thu to be inserted where necessary, and to be varied as the circum-fiance* of the case may require.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

up, and the land and foil thereof to be sold by the said surveyor to whose land adjoins thereto, if he shall be willing

to purchase the (acne, for the fell value thereof, if not, to some other person or persons, fot the full value thereof: (reserving nevertheleft to a free passage for persons,

horses, cattle, and carriage*, through the land and foil of the said old highway to and from the (Land, See.) belonging to him, called according to his ancient usage thereof.)

N°. XIX.

Certificate to be wrote under the order above mentioned.

WE, the above-named justices, do certify, That the old highway, herein-before mentioned and described, was sold by the said surveyor to with our approbation, for the sum of which sum we do

order the said to pay to the said surveyor,

to be applied in purchasing the land, and making the said new highway; and if any surplus remains, we do order that the same shall be applied for the use of the highways within the said (Parish, See.) ot

N°. XX.

Receipt for the purchase-money to be indorsed upon, or wrote under, the certificate above mentioned.

RECEIVED the day of from the said the sum of

being the full consideration-money for the purchase of the said old highway herein-before described, pursuant to the said orders and certificate.

N°. XXI.

Order of two justices for diverting and turning a (pubBck highway, bridleway, or footway, as the case shall be) through the lands of any person who consents thereto.

Middlesex. TX7E, and esquires, two of his Majesty's justices of peace for the said county, at a special sessions held at in the hundred

of in the said county, on the

day of one thousand seven hundred

having, upon view, found, that a certain part of a [Highway^ Scc.) within the (Parish, &c.) of in the said hundred, lying between and for the length of yards, or

thereabouts, and particularly described in the plan hereunto annexed may be diverted and turned (o as to make the same nearer (or more commodious) to the publick; and having viewed a course, proposed for the new highway, in lieu thereof, through

the

*37

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. '

the lands and grounds of of the length of

yards, or thereabouts, and of the breadth of feet or thereabout, particularly described in the plan hereunto annexed, and having received evidence of the consent of the said to the said new highway

being made through his lands herein-before described by writing under his hand and Teal, we do hereby order that the said high* way be diverted and turned through the lands aforesaid; and we do order an equal aflefimens, £3U. (in the same form as before mentioned.)

N*. XXII.

Consent from the owners of the land through which a new highway is proposed to be made.

Iyf. B. of in the county of being

owner of the lands described in the plan hereunto annexed, through which part of a certain highway, lying between

and is intended to be diverted and

turned, (in consideration of the sum of to be paid

to me for the said land, and ^he foil thereof) ory (in consideration of said old highway being fold, exchanged, and to be vetted in me, and also of she sum of to be

paid to me,) (as the case may bey) do hereby consent to the making and continuing such new highway through my said lands.

Given under my hand and seal, this day

of 17

N°. XXIII.

Licence from justices of peace, at a special sessions to get materials for the repair of the highways in another parish, besides that wherein such materials are to be employed.

Middlesex. At a special sessions, held at for the

(Hundred) of in the said county, by justices of the peace for the said county a fling within the said (Hundred,) on the day of 17

IiT appearing to us, upon evidence, this day received, that sufficient materials cannot conveniently be had within the waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, nor in the inclosed lands or grounds, lying within the (Parish, &c.) of A. in the said (Hundred,) for the repair of the highways within the said (Parish, &c.) nor in the waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, within the (Parish) of B. adjoining to the said (Parish, &c.) of A. we do hereby give our licence to the surveyor for the said (Parifly) of A. to search for, dig, get, ' and carry sand, gravel, chalk, (tone, and other, materials, within the

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

inclosed lands or grounds of C.D. within the said (Parish, &c.) of B. to be employed in the repair of the highways withia the said (Parish) of A. it appearing from evidence laid before us, that there are proper materials within the said lands for the purposes aforesaid, lying convenient to the said highways; and that after such materials shall be so taken, there will be sufficient left for the use of the highways within the said (Parish) of B. upon the said surveyors making satisfaction and recompence for the same, in the manner directed by the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " subject to such restriction^ as are therein contained.

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year above written.

A.B.

C. D.

N6. XXIV.

Licence from a justice of peace, for a surveyor to gather stones upon inclosed lands. for the repair of the highways.

Middlesex. To the surveyor of the highways for the (Parish) cf in the (Hundred) of in the said county.

WHEREAS bjr an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, For the amendment and preservation of the highways, " the surveyors are authorised to gather stones lying upon any lands or grounds within their liberty, for the use and benefit of the highways, but not without the consent of the occupiers of such lands, or a licence from a justice of peace for that purpose: and whereas it appears to me, £. £. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, and adiing within the said (Hundred, &c.) upon the oath of the said surveyor, that he hath applied to A.B. of for his consent to gather stones

from the lands called or known by the names of and in his occupation, within the said (Parish^ See.)

for the purposes aforesaid, and that the said stones are necessary for the repair of the said highways, and that the said A. 8. hath refused to permit the same to be gathered; and the said A.B. having been duly summoned to appear before me, to shew cause why such permission should not be granted, and (having appeared before me accordingly or, (having sent his Jleward or agent \) or, (C.D. on his behalf to attend me upon that occafm\) or, (but not having appeared) I have heard what has been alledged, and taken the said matter into consideratkm, and am of opinion, that the said stones are necessary, and ought to be gathered and carried away for the purposes aforesaid, therefore I do hereby

give

*39

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.

give my licence to the said surveyor to take and carry away the lame accordingly.

Given under my hand apd Teal, the

i7

N°. XXV.

day of

Notice to perform Statute duty, (to be given four days before the day on which the duty is to be performed.)

AB. you are hereby required to fend a team, with two able If he does not.men, to within xht parish etc.) of next, 9^cuPy'*nd*»

at o'clock in the morning of each day, in order to per- Ja*ue

form such duty upon the highways within the said of 301, in such

as shall be required by the surveyor, pursuant to the direction of parish, See. he the a iff, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty* on|yto fend King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation °"e, nan'

" of the highways." (When personal labour is ), you arer*canfwkh

hereby required, by yourself, or a sufficient labourer to attend, two horses, or etc. one horse only.

Dated this day of 17 is required, let

4'il be exprtiled.

N°. XXVI.

Notice for compoOtions.

NOTICE is hereby given. That all persons who are inclined to compound for their Statute-duty within the (parish, etc.) of are hereby required to signify their

intention to compound for the same to the surveyor

of the highways for the said (parish, etc.) at the house of

of on the day of this instant November, between the hours of and and they are hereby required at the same time, or within the space of one month after, to pay their composition money to the said surveyor; and also, that all persons, who are liable to pay money for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which they occupy, or, in lieu of their duty within the said (parish, etc.) according to the act made in the thirteenth year of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and " preservation of the highways, " are required to pay the same to the said surveyor, on the day, or within the time aforesaid. Dated this day of, 17

B. surveyor.

N°, XXVII.

Order for Statute-duty to be performed in kind. Middlesex. At a special sessions, held at in the (hundred) of in the said county, the

day of 17 by of the peace for the said county, ailing within the said (hundred).

IT appearing to us, from the information which we have received, that there will be difficulty in procuring the necefla-ly [carriage), or, (a sufficient number cf labourers) (as the case

/ball

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

shall be) for the repair of the highways within the {parish, etc.) of within the said (hundred) without paving high

and extravagant prices for the same, we do hereby order and direct (the team-duty within the said (parish, etc.) except such teams where the owners thereof do not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the said (parish, etc.) of the annual value of thirty pounds), or, (one naif of the team-duty, &c.) or, (the labourers liable to perform Statute-duty within the said parish, £s7.) (as the case shall be) to perform their Statute-duty in kind within the said {parish, fcfr.) according to the authority and directions of the a £t, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the highways/*

N°. XXVIII.

Notice to the surveyor of the times fixed by the inhabitants for being excused from doing their Statute-duty.

To the surveyor of the highways for the (parish, Ifc.) of in the county of

I A.B. (constable) headborough) tithing man) y of the said {pa* rijby Sic.) do hereby give you notice. That the inhabitants of the said (parish, &c.) did, at a vestry or publick meeting, held on the day of one thousand seven hundred agree to take the benefit of the

indulgence of three months, for not performing their Statute-duty given by the legislature, in the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, tc For c< the amendment and preservation of the highways/* at the times following; videlicet, That they shall not be called upon to perform speh duty between the day of

and the day of (which they con-

fider as the feed month), nor between the day of

and the day of (which they con-

fider as the hay harvest month), nor between the day of and the day of

(which they consider as the com harvest month): [The Ule no* tice to be given to the surveyor or surveyors of the turnpike roads y where there are any such within the {parish, &c.)J

N°. XXIX.

Order of the justices at their special sessions, for the repair of certain highways which most want repair.

Middlesex. At a special sessions, held at in tit

(hundred) of in the said county, the

day of'17 by justices of the peace for the said county ailing within the said (hundred.)

To the surveyors of the highways for the (parish, &c.) of in the said (hundredj.

IT

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c^8.

IT appearing to us, That the highway lying between

and within your liberty, is very

founderous, and in bad repair, and being of great publick use, we do hereby order that you repair, or cause the same to be repaired, before the day of next.

Given under our hands and seals, this day

of 17

N#. XXX.

A precept for erecting guide pods, $£C.

Middlesex. At a /pedal sessions, held at far tig

(hundred) of in the said county y before ju/licet

of the peace for the fold county, a fling, within the find (hundred), on the day of 17

To the surveyor of the (parish) of in the find

(hundred).

YOU are hereby required forthwith to efedt, or cause to be erected, in the most convenient place upon the highway lying between and within youf

liberty, where the roads cross or branch out, a guide-pod, with proper inscriptions painted on both tides thereof, in large legible letters, denoting the towns of and

(or other places, as the justices/ball think mofi proper).

\JVhtre graduated /tones or po/ls are necessary to prevent aeddentt from deep waters, vary it as under: '] [In the most convenient place upon the highway, at the approach or entrance on each tide of the ford or water called at within youf

(liberty)y graduated pods, denoting the depth of water in the deeped part thereof, through which such highway pafles; and you are allowed to charge the reasonable expences of providing and erecting the same in your accounts^.

A.B.

C. D.

N*. XXXI.

Notice for holding a vestry, or other publick meeting.

Notice is hereby given. That a vedry or publick meeting will be held at on the day of

next, at the hour of in the

noon, in order to consult about the times when it will be most convenient for the inhabitants of this (iparish, &e). to be excused from being called forth to perform their Statute-duty, according to the indulgence given them by the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King Georgi the Third, 44 For the amendment and preservation of the highways."

Dated the day of 17

A.B. (condable,) (headborough,) ike.

Vol. XXX.

N°. XXXI.

1 by

24$ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

N\ XXXII.

Preferment by a justice of peace.

Middlesex. AT the general quarter sessions of the peace of our lord the King, held for the said county, at in the said county, on [Tuesday) the day of

in the year of the reign of before

esquires, and others their companions, justices of our said lord the King, assigned to keep the peace in the said county, and also to hear and determine divers felonies, trespasses, and other misdemeanours in the said county committed; A.B. esquire, one of the justices of our said lord the King, assigned for the purposes aforesaid, by virtue of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and preservation of the high-" ways, " (upon his own view), or (upon information, upon This to be in- oat* to him given by C.D. surveyor of the highways for the ierted where {P^ifi, &<?) of in the said county,) doth prefenr,

it is upon the that from the time whereof the memory of man is not to the i^ormstion of contrary, there was, and yet is, a certain common and ancient the urvc^or* King's highway, leading from the town of in the said [county, &c.) towards and unto within the same (county,) used for all the King's subjects, with their hones, coaches, carts, and carriages, to go, return, and pass, at their will; and that a certain part of the same King's common high* way, commonly called situate, lying and being in the (parish, kc.) of in the same {county},

containing in length.yards, and in breadth

feet, on the day of in the year of the reign of and continually afterwards until the present day, was, and yet is, very ruinous, deep, broken, and in great decay, for want of due reparation and amendment, so that the subjects of the King, through the same way, with their horses, coaches, carts, and carriages, could nor, during the time aforesaid, nor yet can go, return, or pass, as they ought and were wont to do, to the great damage and common nuisance of all the King's subjects through the same highway, going, returning, or passing, and against the peace of our said lord the King, and that the inhabitants of the (parish, &c.) of aforesaid, in the (county) aforesaid, the said common highway [so in decay) ought to repair and amend, when and so often as it shall be necessary.

In testimony whereof, the said A\ B. to these presents hath set his hand and seal, this day of

in the year aforesaid.

No.xxiii

243

N°. XXXIII.

Summons for any person or persons to attend a justice or justices.

Middlesex. 71? A. B of

WHEREAS complaint and information hath been made upon oath before me C. ZX one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said (county, &c.) by E. F. of That, &c. [Herejlafe the nature and circumflanees of the case as far as it shall be necessary to /hew the offence^ and to bring it within the authority of the ju/iice, and in doing that, follow the words of the act as near as may be]. These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me, (or the justices, to be assembled at their special ie(lions to be holden) at in the said

(<county, &c.) on the day of next, at the

hour of in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint and information, made by the said E. F. who is like-wife directed to be then and there present, to make good the same: herein fail not.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of7

N°. XXXIV.

Information.

Middlesex. T> E it remembered, That on the

day of 17 A\ B.

of in the said county, informeth and maketh oath

before me one of his Majesty's justices of the

peace for the said county, that of

in the said county, [Here describe the offence, and if it is for default in performing Statute-duty9 fate the duty required, and the notice given for that purpose, and the neglect according to the fast, and as near the words of the act as may be]9 contrary to the Statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, 4< Fur the amendment and preservation of u the highways, " which hath imposed a forfeiture of for the said offence.

J. B.

Taken and sworn, the 1

day of before me, j

N°. XXXV.

Form of a cgi\vi6lion.

E it remembered. That on the > day of in the year of our

Lord, 17 at. % in the county aforesaid, A.B. came

before me C.D. esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, and informed me, that E. F. of on the day of now last

past, at in the said county, did [Heri set forth the

A 2 fa ft

Middlesex. T) E it renr XJ day of

fan in the manner described by the Statute], whereupon the said E. F- after being duty fammoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at

in the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared, that he was not guilty of the said offence; but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, it maniTeftly appears to me the said justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him, in the said information: it is therefore considered and adjudged by me, the said justice, that the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence

aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided.

'This to be incited where the party refutes to appear upon the summons. This to be in* ferted when the party accused confeflcs the charge.

Given, &c.

After the words 4< Being duly summoned to answer to the said charge, " insert, (did not appear before me, pursuant to the said summons); or, (did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved, &c.), as before.

After the words, c< contained in the said information, insert9 (acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it maniTeftly appears to me the said justice, &c.) as above.

N°. XXXVI.

Warrant to distrain for the forfeiture.

Middlesex. To the (constable) headborough) or tithingm?m),

of

WHEREAS A-. B.of in the said county, (yeoman) is this day convicted before me, C. D esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, upon the oath of G. H. a credible wit-

Jet forth the offence, de-the Statute9 as near as may be]9

ness, for that the said A.B. hath,

Jcribing it particularly in the words Oj contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said AB. hath forfeited the sum of to be distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay: these are therefore* in his Majesty's name, to command yon to levy the said sum of by distress of the

goods and chattels of him the said A.B. and if within the space of four days next after such distress by you taken, the said sum, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the same, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said goods and chattels so by you distrained, and out of the money arising This tobeva-t^iat you do pay one half of the said sum of ried according to E, F. of who informed me

to the act, in of the said offence, and the other half of the said sum of SrcaS!^011*° 7 the surveyor of the highways,

for the {farish) township) or place), whefc the said offence, [heg-

ua)

ha) or (<it fault, ), happened, to be employed towards the repair

of the raid highways, returning the overplus, upon demand to him the said A. B (the reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said distress being first deduced); and if-sum-cient distress cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said sum of that then you certify the same to me, together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

<7 C.D,

n % xxxvii.

Return of the constable to be made upon the warrant of distress, when there are no effects.

1A.B. constable of the (parish, of in the (county) of do hereby certify and make

oath, that, by virtue of this warrant, I have made diligent search for the goods of the within named and that I can find no sufficient goods whereon to levy the within sum of as witness my hand, the

day of 17

Sworn before me the day and year, &t. C. D.

N#. XXXVIII.

Warrant of distress for nonpayment of money charged by an assessment.

*4$

Middlesex. To the (constable) headboroueh) tithingman) of

in the fata (county).

WHEREAS by an assessment made upon the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the ( parish, &c.) of in the said

for the purposes of, &c, [asfated in the'order], pursuant to an order of justices for that purpose, according to the directions of the ad, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, " For the amendment and pre-" servation of the highways, " A.B. was charged the sum of as his share and proportion of the said assessment, in respect of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he occupied within the said, 2cc.): and whereas it appeas to me, upon the oath of that the said sum of hath been duly demanded

from the said A.B. and that he hath refilled to pay the same for the space of ten days after such demand made, these are therefore, in his Majesty's name, to command you to levy the said sum of by distress of the goods and chattels of the said A.B. and if the same shall not be paid within the space of four days next after such distress by you taken, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the same, that you do then fell the said goods and chattels so by you distrained; and out of the money arising by such sale, that you do pay un-

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78., [1773.

to C.D. the surveyor of the highways for the said (parish, &c.) of the said sum of to be employed

for the purposes aforesaid; and that you do return the surplus thereof to the said A.B. (the reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said distress, being first deducted); and if sufficient distress cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said sum of that then you certify the same to me, together with this warrant, Given under my hand and seal, the day of 17

N°. XXXIX.

Commitment for want of distress.

Middlesex. To the (constable) of in the said

county, and to the keeper of the common gaol (or the house of correction) at in the said county.

WHEREASA.B. of in the said county,

(yecman)j was, on the day of convicted before me, C.D. esq; one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, upon the oath of E. F. a credible witness, for that he, the said A.B. [Here Jet forth the cjfencej] contrary to the Statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty king George the Third, 44 For the a-<c mendment and preservation of the highways, " by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of And whereas, on the day of in the year

aforesaid, I did issue my warrant to the (constable) of to levy the said sum of by distress and sale of the

goods and chattels of him the said A.B. and to distribure the same according to the directions of the said Statute: and whereas it duly appears to me, upon the oath of the said (constable), that the said (constable) hath used his best endeavours to levy the said sum on the goods and chattels of the said A- B. as aforesaid, but that no sufficient distress can be had whereon to levy the same, these are therefore to command you, the said (con-fable) of aforesaid, to apprehend the said A. fi. and

him safely to convey to the common gaol, (or, house of correction) at in the said county, and there deliver him to

the keeper thereof, together with this precept; and I do hereby also command you, the said keeper, to receive and keep in your custody the said A.B. for the space of three months, un-Jess the said sum shall be sooner paid, pursuant to the said conviction and warrant} and for so doing this shall be your sufficient warrant;

Given under my hand and seal, the

day of in the year of our Lord 17

C. i).

In the case of a commitment for the want of payment of money due by an assessment, it must be, (to receive, and keep in your custody, until he shall have paid the said sum of and the

further

*47

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

farther sum of being the cods and charges

occasioned by his neglect in paying the same)*

N\ XL.

Notice of appeal to the quarter sessions:

A B. take notice, That I intend to appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the {county&c). of against an order, (convifliony or

other proceedings as the case may be9 particularIf Specifying the purport of such order^ &c. and assigning the grievances and cause of complaint.)

Dated the day of 17 C. D.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, and for the preventing the obtaining a false credits by the imitation of the notes or bills of the said governor and company.

WHEREAS fronds have lately been committed by the notes and bills of the governor and company of the bank of 0

England, notwithstanding the statutes now in force for punishing and suppressing the same; for the more effectual preventing such practices, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majedv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septembers which shall be in the year of our Lord Sept.io one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any person or, 77Jf persons* persons, (other than the officers, workmen, servants, or agents, making for the time being, of the said governor and company, to bej?00^8* authorised and appointed for that purpose by the said governor and company, and for the use of the said governor and compa- paper notes of ny only), shall make or use, of cause or procure to be made or the bank of used, or knowingly aid or aflid in the making or using; or Eng, and* (without being authorised and appointed as aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession, (with- out lawful excuse, the proof whereof shall lie upon the person their custody accused), any frame, mould, or indrument, for the making of moulds or inpaper, with the words Bank of England) visible in the fubdance ^rumenU £or of such paper; or shall make, or cause or procure to be made, 1^01 or knowingly aid or aflid in the making any paper, in the sub-, dance of which the said words, Bank of England) shall be visible 5 or if any person, (except as before excepted) after the said twenty-ninth day of Septembers shall, by any art, mydery, or contrivance, cause or procure the said words. Bank of Englandt to appear visible in the fubdance of any paper whatsoever, or knowingly aid or aflid in causing the said words. Bank of England) to appear in the fubdance of any paper whatsoever 5 every tobeadjudged person so offending in any of the cales aforesaid, and being guilty ot fdo.

r 4 there*

248 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. [1773.

ny, and suffer thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for such offence, be deemed death. and adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Persons en-

II. And whereas unwary and other persons have taken in payment, graving, cut- and otherwise received, notes, inland bills, and bills of exchange, with ting, or etch- (ertain words and characters Jo nearly resembling the no es and bills of timo^tw to fad governor and company, as to appear to such persons to be tie

referable in- notes or bills of the bank ^England, which, if continued to be done, land bills, pro- will be to the great prejudice oj publick credit \ be it therefore enacted, miiTory note*, ^the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-chaUige C&c.i n, n*h of September, if any person or persons without being au- 9'thorised and appointed as aforesaid, shall engrave, cut, etch, or

ferape in mezzotinto, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, or feraped in mezzotinto, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, or feraping m mezzotinto, in or upon any plate or copper, brats, (feel, pewter, or of any other metal or mixture of metals, or upon wood, or any other material, or any plate whatsoever, any promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or blank promiuory note, inland b 11, or bill of exchange, or part of a promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, containing the words, Bank of England, or Bonk Post Billy or any word or words expressing jthe sum or amount, or any part oFthe sum or amount of such promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, in white letters or figures on a black ground; or shall use any such plate so engraved, cut, etched, or feraped in mezzotinto, or shall use any other instrument for the making or printing any such promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or blank promissory note, inland bill, or bi 1 of exchange, cf part of promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange; if any person, without being authorised and appointed after Bee. cd as aforesaid, shall, after the twenty-fifth day of December,5, shall wil- which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-fully publish dred and seventy-three, knowingly have in his, her, or their rynotwcu ^y* any such plate or instrument, or shall knowingly and land bills, &c. wilfully utter or publish any such promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, blank promissory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange 5 every such person so offending in any of the cases than be com* afore^» and bc*Pg convicted thereof according to law, shall be muted not ex- committed to the common gaol of the county or place where the ceeding fix offence shall be committed, for any space not exceeding six months. months.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing Thi* aft not herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such tlerfo* s f° P^011 or persons who being at any time hereafter posseffect of Sffed^f^bJh aPy foe*1 note or bill, shall only utter the same by carrying the rote* carrying same for payment to the issuer or issuers, drawer or drawers, ac-tnc iame (or ceptcr or accepters, indorser or indorsers thereof respectively, or payment, using pr0pCr p^ans to compel the payment of any such note or

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80.

*0

CAP. LXXX.

An act to repeal an act, made in the tenth year of" the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game within that part of Great Britain called England; and for making other provisions in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better pre-^IO Geo. u servation of the game in, that part of Great Britain called England, certain penalties and punishments were inflicted on persons killing and destroying game in the night, between one hour after fun- t ft and one hour before sun-rise; and whereas some doubts have arisen concerning the conJtruCiion of some parts of the said act, and same in-couvenienctes have followed therefrom; therefore, for obviating such doubts, and for remedying such inconveniencies, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand Rales to be seven hundred and Seventy three, if any person or persons shall observed, (af« knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy any hare, pheasant, JJjEIJj, partridge, moor game, or heath game, or ule any gun, dog, son* lilting or foare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy, taking hires, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, or heath game, in pbeaiantt, par-the night, that is to say, between the hours of seven of the clock Sfinl'a gon?* at night and fix in the morning, from the twelfth day of October dogfnet, or to the twelfth day of February, and between the hours of nine of engine, the clock at night and four in the morning, from the twelfth day of February to the twelfth day of October, every such person, being convicted thereof, upon the oath or oaths ot one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, acting for the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay, for the first offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; and for the second offence, any sum not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than twenty pounds: but in case any information shall How offenders be made upon oath, as aforesaid, before any justice or Justices, be pu.

against any person offending against this act, and if it shall appear that such offender hath already been convicted of a first and second offence against this act; then, and in such case, such justice or justices shall and may commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, for the county, riding, or place, there to remain till the next general quarter session of the peace for the said county, riding, or place, unless such offender shall have entered into a recognizance, with two sufficient securities, to appear at such general quarter session, then and there to be pied by indictment for the said offence; and also shall and may

bind

jo Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8o.

[1773.

bind over the informer to prosecute the said offender by indictment as aforesaid: and the justices, at their said general or quarter sessions, shall and may direct the said indictment to be tried accordingly; and if upon such indictment such offender shall be convicted, he shall forfeit and pay in court the sum of fifty pounds: and in case he shall neglect or refuse to pay the said sum of fifty pounds, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house ot correction, for such county, riding, or place, for any term not less than fix nor more than twelve calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid; and such offender shall, if the justices think proper, be once publickly whipped for such offence at the expiration of such commitment, in the town or place where such gaol, or house of correction, shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock in the day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following; that is to say.

Form of con- T> E it remembered, That on the day of

yiflion. JD in the year of our Lori

A.B. is convicted before me one of hit

Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of (specifying the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying that it was the first or second offence against this act, as the case shall be).

Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be fairly wrote over upon parchment, and returned to the next general quarter session of the peace for the county, riding, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain, and be kept among the records of the county.

Clerk to deli- -HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-a. «?Py of rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any clerk of Myment of°is. t*'c Peace for any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby re-"*quired, upon application made to him by any person or persons

for that purpose, to cause a copy or copies of any conviction or convictions, filed by him under the directions of this act, to be'forthwith delivered to such person or persons, upon payment of one shilling for every such copy.

Penalties and

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That forfeitures the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby to be incurred and tove^d*1*- ma(*e Payable upon any conviction, for a first and second offence e*against this act, and also for a third offence, upon conviction at

x the quarter sessions, as aforesaid, together with she costs and

charges previous to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by the justice or justices before whom any offender shall be convicted, shall be forthwith paid by the person convicted, one moiety of the forfeiture to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed;

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii IIK c. 8o, ?5I

mitted: and in case such person shall refuse or negledfc to pay the same, or to give security for the payment thereof, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, capfe the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to order such offender to be detained in safe custody, until return may conveniently be had and made to such warrant of distress, unless the party so convi#ed shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, for his appearance before the said justice or justices, on such day as shall be appointed by the said justice or justices for the day of the rer turn of the said warrant of distress, such day not excelling seven days from the time of taking such security; which security the said justice or justices are hereby impowered to take by way of re-cognisance, or otherwise: but if upon such return no sufficient distress can be had; then, and in such case, the said justice or justices shall and may commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, of tfte county, riding, or pfac?, for the space of three calendar months, unless the money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or until such offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such conviction, shall give notice to the informer, that he or she intends to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter section of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, and (half enter into recognisance before same justice or justices, with two sufficient securities, conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions; which notice of appeal being not Jess than fourteen days before the trial thereof, such person fp aggrieved is hereby impowered to give, and the said justices, at such section, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such* recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; anc| the determination of such quarter sessions shall be final, binding^ and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions of the Provisions of laid recited act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, repealed. 10 G*0'3*

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from rcpea* and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, if any person or persons shall, upon ga^orufing a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, in the day-time, knowingly and \ gun on a wilfully take, kill, or destroy, any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath Sunday or game, or moor game, or (h 11, upon a Sunday, or on Christmai Christmas Day, use any gun, dog, net, or engine, for taking, killing, or Day* destroying, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, or heath game; every such person, being convicted thereof, in the manner and form prescribed by this act, shall be subject to the like

for-

How penalties for offences committed are to be recovered.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8o.

[1773.

forfeitures and penalties as are herein-before enacted to be inflicted for other offences against this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person shall commit an offence against this act, whereby a penalty or punishment is incurred, and dwells in another county than ih that in which the offence was committed, the justice or justices, before whom such information or indi&roent was had or made, may direct his or their warrant of apprehension, and of distress and sale, to anyconstable within such county, riding, or place, where the offence was committed, to be by him carried to the justice near residing to the place where the offender dwells in such other county, riding, or place, to be signed by him on the back of the said warrant, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice who first granted the warrant; which indorsement shall be sufficient authority for the constable of such parish or townfttip where he dwells, or where his goods and chattels, or distress, are to be had and found, or for such constable who shall bring the said warrant to be indorsed, to apprehend and convey such offender before the justice who first granted the warrant, or any other justice or justices of that county where the offence was committed, or for such constable to levy such penalty, by distress and sale, in the same manner, and with the same powers, as might have been done if the person had lived in the county, rid-ing, or place, where the offence was committed; and also, in cate where no sufficient distress can be had or found, to convey the offender before the justice who first granted the warrant of distress, or any other justice or justices of that county where the offence was committed, to be dealt with according to law; and the justice of such other county who indorsed the warrant of distress or apprehension shall direct such constable, or other person taking and making such distress and sale, to deliver over any sums of money for penalties arising from such distress and sale to the justice of the county who first granted the warrant, to be by him distributed according to the meaning of this act: and in case such Constable or other person shall neglect or refuse to pay such sums of money, or deliver overall proceedings had upon such distress and sale, or warrant of apprehension, such justice who first granted the warrant, or the justice who indorsed it, may commit such constable, or other person io refusing or neglecting to account for the sums of money received, or deliver over the proceedings so had thereupon, to the common gaol, or house of correction, for the space of six months, or until the money shall be paid, and the proceedings delivered over to the justice who first granted the warrant; or in case of his absence or death, to any other justice of the same county, to be by him distributed according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that no action of trespass, false imprisonment, information, or indictment, or other action or appeal, shall be brought, sued, commenced, or prosecuted, by any person or persons whatsoever, against the justice of such other county who indorsed such warrant, for or by reason of his indorsing the same*

VIII. PrO-

1773.] ^ftn0 deamo tert Georgii III. c. 8 r. 253

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceedings order made concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or any other foelTfor proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions ofa, t of |ormf any offender or offenders against this act, shall be quashed for nor remove-want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other*>\e by Crr-writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts oitwrari' record at Westminster.

IX. Provided also, That no person shall be proceeded against No person to for any of the offences against this adk, as aforesaid, unless infer- be proceeded nation shall be made thereof upon oath before same justice of ?£a, nft t»U the peace for the county, riding, or place, wherein such offence

shall be committed, within one calendar month after such of* oath. fence shall be committed.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common arable fields, wafies, and commons, of pqfiure9 in this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are, in several parishes and places in this kingdom, several wafies and commons, and several open and common fields, which, by reason of the different inter efts the several land owners and occupiers, or persons having right of common, have in such wafies, commons, and fields, cannot be improved, cultivated, or enjoyed, to such great advantage for the owners and occupiers thereof and persons having right of common, as they might be, and are capable '

of if an improved cowrfe of husbandry was to be pursued, re [petting such open and common fields, in each parish respectively and such wafies, or commons of pastures, were to be properly drained, or otherwise amended; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every parish or place How arable in this kingdom, where there are open or common field lands, fn^shall* all the tillage or arable lands lying in the said open or common fcnced-fields shall be ordered, feneed, cultivated, and improved, in such manner, by the respective occupiers thereof, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued, in such course of husbandry, and be, cultivated under such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as three* fourths in number and value of the occupiers of such open or common field lands in each parish or place, cultivating and taking the crops of the same, and having the consent of the owners in manner herein after mentioned, and likewise the consent of the rector, impropriator or tillie owner, or the lefiee of either of them respectively, first had in writing, shall, at a meeting, (in pursuance of norite for that purpose, in writing, under the hands of one-third of such occupiers, to be affixed on one of the principal doors of the parish Church, chapel, or place, where meetings have been usually held for such parish or place respectively, twenty-one days, at least, before such meeting, specifying the

time

Hides not to be longer binding than 6 yeais.

Field mailer how to be appointed.

Expences bow to be defrayed.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si.

[1773.

time and place of Rich meeting), by writing under their hands, conttitute, direct, and appoint; and which notice any of such occupiers are hereby authorised and impowered to give.

1L Provided always, That the rules, regulations, and restrictions, so agreed upon, shall not be in force, or binding upon any of the parties thereto, for any longer term than six years, or two rounds, according to the ancient and established course of each parish or place respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at every Rich meeting to be had as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the major part in number and value of the occupiers (then present) of such open or common field lands, in each parish or place respectively, to elect and chuse one or more proper person or persons as field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, to superintend the ordering, fencing, cul* tivating, and improving of such open and common fields, and to fee that the same are kept, ordered, and continued, in such a eourse of nulbandry, as shall be constituted, directed, and appointed, at such meeting, in manner aforesaid; and that Rich field matter or field reeve, so to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, shall continue in the said office until the twenty-first day of May, then next following, or within three days after, and no longer, unless he or they shall be thereto re-elected and chosen in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all costs, charges, and expences, necessary for the carrying on any such plan of ordering, fencing, cultivating, or improving, into execution, as shall be agreed upon in manner aforesaid, and \yhich shall, at any meeting to be held after six days notice having been given in manner heFein-before directed, by the major part in number and value of the occupiers aforesaid then pretent, be deemed common expences, and for the general benefit of the said occupiers, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, proportionably by all the occupiers of such open and common field lands, afccording to the value of the lands and grounds each person or persons shall have in such open and common field lands; and for the raising the same, one or moreattefiment or assessments, upon all and every the occupiers of common field lands in each parish respectively, shall be made, levied, and collected, by such person and persons, and allowed in such manner, as such majority of the occupiers of such open and common field lands, at Rich meeting to be had aforesaid, shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of such majority of the occupiers of such cognmon field lands, for and towards the better cultivation of the said common field lands, from time to time, as need shall require; and the said assessments shall, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of onejustice of peace of the county wherein such common field lands shall lie, be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every person so assessed and not paying the same, within ten

*55

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8'r.

days after demand, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the cods and charges of taking and making such distress and sale.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Occupiers of it shall and may be lawful to and for the occupiers of open and com non field common field lands, in any parish or place where any rules, or- I\nr^, {J0cJct^r ders, or regulations, shall have been agreed upon, for the order- airerab^Md ing, fencing, cultivating, or improving of such lands in purfu- cUdt field ance of this act, and they are hereby required to meet and afiem- reeve*.

ble at some convenient place, yearly, and every year, on the twenty-first day of May, or within three days after, in pursuance of six days notice to be given of the time and place of such meeting by one-third Of the occupiers, in manner aforesaid, then and there to elect and chuse one or more proper person or persons to be the field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, for the year ensuing? and that such person or persons who shall, by the major part of the occupiers of the said lands, present at such meeting, be chosen field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, to superintend the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the said common field lands, and to fee that the same are cultivated according to the rules, orders and regulations, agreed upon at the general meeting for that purpose, and shall continue in the said office for one whole year, unless he shall die, or be removed, by virtue of the power and authority herein after given in that behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- New

said. That if any field matter or field reeve, so to be chosen in appointed in pursuance of this act, shall, within the year in which he shall be place of those so chosen, refuse or neglect to attend the said business, or shall die, who shall die, or remove to an inconvenient distance, or become bankrupt, or or refu, c to have execution against his body or goods, or by sickness, or other- atlcnd* wife, be rendered incapable of executing his said office; that then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the occupiers of the said lands, (after six days notice for that purpose to be given in manner aforesaid), to ele£l and chuse, in manner aforesaid, one other fit and proper person to be the field matter or field reeve for the remainder of that year, in the place and (lead of the former field mailer or field reeve falling under either of the descriptions aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Occupiers at That it shall and may be lawful to and for three-fourths in num- meetings, to ber and value of the occupiers of open and common field lands, o^o^nine^ present at any meeting to be held in pursuance of fourteen days common field notice at least, previous to the usual time of opening such com- lands.

Won field lands, to be given for that purpose, in manner aforesaid, to pottpone the opening such common field lands for such teasonable time as at such meeting shall be thought necessary by

ibch majority as aforesaid, and to settle and determine how long such common fields shall continue open, and to limit and settle the number of cattle each occupier in such parish or place shall

2$6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8l.

[1775.

respectively turn on such common fields, in due proportion to the (lint or established usage in such parish or place.

Cottagers not

VIII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the ba^CXII °ht author, ty aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be of common, construed to extend to exclude any cottager, or other person or persons whomsoever, having right of common, and having no land in any of the said common fields from having and enjoying his or their right of common, in as full and ample manner as he could and might have enjoyed the same before the passing of this act, unless such cottager, or other person, shall, at any meeting to be held by the occupiers of such common field lands, in manner aforesaid, content or agree, in writing to a composition for such right, by an annual payment, or other annual advantage or compensation, or to a limitation thereof; in which case such consent and agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon every such person so agreeing, his heirs and assigns, tenants and occupiers, until such time as the rules, orders, and regulations, for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the said common field lands, existing at the time of giving such consent, shall expire.

How common

IX. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted

field lands.....* ' -

may

be'-^t*lc authority aforesaid, That if the occupiers of the said com-

y mnn AaM tanrlc Ami! of fimpc tvhpn rKn fai/l kav#

ed differently by occupiers.

Saving of right to persons possessed of separate sheep walks, &c.

mon field lands shall, at times when the said fields have been usually enjoyed in common, consent and agree not to depasture the same in common, and shall allot and set apart what shall be deemed by a majority of such cottagers, who shall not have agreed to compound for or limit their right of common, as aforesaid, a sufficient and equivalent common for such cottagers, and other persons, as aforesaid, to be enjoyed exclusively by them; that then, and in such case, such cottagers and other persons shall not use, exercise, or enjoy their right of common, over such parts of the said comihon field lands, as are not used in common by the occupiers thereof, but only over such part thereof as shall for such time be allotted them for that purpose, and set apart as aforesaid; any law, usage, or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall exclude any person or persons feixed or possessed of a separate sheep walk, or pasture of cattle, in or over all or any of the common field lands in any parish or place, or in or over any part thereof, from using, exercising, and enjoying, such right, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as he might or could have enjoyed the same before the passing of this act, unless such person or persons, having such right as aforesaid, shall consent or agree in writing at any meeting of occupiers, to be held as aforesaid, to a composition for the same, or a limitation thereof; in which case, every such consent and agreement shall be binding and conclusive upon every person so agreeing, and upon every other person coming to the possession of such sheep walk or pasture for cattle, by deseene, or otherwise, until such time as the rules, orders, and regulations*

257

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si.

for the cultivation of the said common field lands, existing at the time of entering into such agreement, shall expire.

XI# And whereas balks, fades, or meers, which may be wo fie, do often fie very inconveniently interspersed among]! the arable lands in common fields, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Balks, (lades. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any perfoft or persons &c. with con-whomsoever, having land in any open or common fields adjoin- [cnj°£lhe ing to any such balks, (lades, or meers, being waste, with the bYpiowed?3^ consent of the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of the respective manors wherein such balks, (lades, or meers, do lie, and likewise of the person or persons who may have a separate (beep walk in the said fields, and with the consent of thretffourths in number and value of the occupiers of such common field lands, to be signified at any meeting to be held in manner aforesaid, to plow up any of the said balks, (lades, or meers, and convert the same into tillage, under the regulations to be settled as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That Balks, See. no balk or meer, that has heretofore been used as a publick road, uIed a*

or as a private road, by any person or persons, to or from his or their own house or lands, be so plowed up.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Regulations to aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who shall have be observed by licence, in manner aforesaid, to plow up and convert into tillage, ^hcenceVo05 any balk, flade, or meer, shall, before he or they begin to plow p; ovv ^aik*, up the same, lay down, in an husband-like manner, under the See. direction of the field master or field reeve for the time being, in

a more convenient part of the said field, as much of his or their own land as shall be equal in value to the land he or they shall so have licence to plow as aforesaid; and that such land so laid down shall be common land, and so continue until the regulations then existing for cultivating such compion field lands, shall expire.

XI Vi Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Boundary aforesaid, That the person or persons plowing any such balk, (tones to afflade, or meer, shall* by proper bound (tones, fufnciently mark and distinguisti the several lands plowed, and the several lands be

laid down in lieu thereof, so that the property thereof, and each created, person's right therein, maybe clearly known, and ascertained.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lords of ma-it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of any manor, with the consent of three-fourths of the per- three-fourths fons having right of common upon the wades and commons of person* lu-within his, her, or their manor, at a meeting to be held after four- ving right teen days notice, such notice to be given in manner herein-beforemaC°lTa"e°3 directed by the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of the manor, or their {^f^hpart agent respectively, at any time or times, to demile or lease, for of waste*, any term or number of years, not exceeding four years, any part of such wades and commons, not exceeding a twelfth part thereof, for the bed and most improved yearly relit that can by publick auction be got for the same; and that the clear net rentsreferved the net to the lord or lords, lady or ladies, his, her, or their heirs, exe-

Vol. XXX.*cutors, ppJ 1

258 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81.

[177$.

improving the cutors, administrators, or assigns, by any lease or leases to be red due of granted as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, and the ma-

such wattes. jor part of foer, or their tenants, applied in the draining,

fencing, or otherwise improving of the residue of such wastes and commons.

A lie Aments to

XVI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the be levied for authority aforesaid, That in every manor where there are dinted the improving commons, in lieu of demifingor leafing part thereof, one or more where th* re assessment or assessments upon the lord or lords, lady or ladies,

are stinted of such manor, and the persons being owners or occupiers of

commons. such commons, or their agents or managers, shall or may, at

their option, be made, levied, and collected, by such person and persons, and allowed in such manner, as the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of such manor, and the major part in number and value of the owners or occupiers of such commons, present at a meeting to be held within the said manor, in pursuance of fourteen days notice to be given by the lord or lords, lady or ladies, or his, her, or their agent, in manner aforesaid, of the time and place of meeting for that purpose, shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of the said lord or lords, lady or ladies, and such majority of the owners or occupiers, as aforesaid, in the improvement of such commons, from titpe to time, as need shall require; and the said assessments, shall, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace, be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every person (o assessed, and not paying the same within ten days after being demanded, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained (if any) to the owner and owners thereof, the necessary charges of making such distress and sale being first deduced,

XVII. And whereas there are, in many parts of this kingdom, certain stinted commons of pcfture which are never enjoyed in fevcrahjy but which are at certain times /hut up for the better growth of the pasture, and opened on certain fixed days$ from which^in particular

circumstances and feofons, great inconveniences do and may arise; be it Stinted com- enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-mons te be ful for the major part in number and value of the owners and opened at a occupiers of such common pastures, present at a meeting to be as ownersT&c. a^tcr days notice at lead given, in manner herein-before at a meeting directed, with the consent of the ford or lords, lady or ladies, of shall direct. the manor, or his, her, or their steward or agent, to postpone the opening of the said common pastures for a time not exceeding twenty.one days.

XVIII. And whereas there are in many places common paftwrtsy with Jlinted or limited rights of common therein, which are open tb* whole year, and it would be attended with great advantages to the commoners to Shut up and ufistock the same at particular Jeafons, be it

Two-thirdly enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may belaw-with^on0fcntS, salt0 anc* for two-thirds in number and value of such common-of the lord of ers, at a meeting to be hojden after fourteen days notice given ii>

b manner

1773.] Anno o decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81.' 259

manner herein-before directed, with the consent of the lord or the manor, &c. lords, lady or ladies, of the manor or manors in which such commons are situated, his, her, or their steward or Rewards, agent of

or agents, to direct, order, and fix, the time when such common common pa^ pastures shall be broke or depastured, and when the same shall be fture*, &c.

(hut up and undoeked; such orders to continue in force for one whole year, and no longer*

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That a portion of such common Proviso re-

padures shall be separated and set apart for the use of such com- p«r-

moners exclusively as shall not consent to such regulation, and f°ntinz\^the the portion so set apart shall be adjudged by a majority of such above regola-commoners, not consenting as aforesaid, an equivalent for their tiens. rights of common.

XX. And whereas many JUnted common pastures in this kingdom

are fed and depastured by horses, beasts or mat cattle, and in many instances it would tend to the improvement of such common pastures, and to the better manuring and cultivation of the arable lands in common fields, or otherwise, to which such common pastures may belongs if the same were fed with /beep-, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Persons har-part in number and value of the persons having right of common right of in such common pastures, at any meeting to be held in pursuance raa*

of notice, in writing, under the hands of a major part of such j^ad

owners and occupiers of such common pastures, or persons hav- of other cat. ing right of common therein, to be affixed on the principal door Re*

of the parish church of the parish where such common padure9 shall lie, or of the neared parish church where such lands shall lie in an extraparochial place, ten days at lead previous to such meeting, specifying the time and place, and intent of such meeting* by writing under their hands, to alter and change the man. ner and cudom of feeding and depaduring such common pastures* so far as indead of horses, cows, and other cattle, to allow the same to be fed and depastured with sheep, at the option of each person respectively having right of common; and to limit and dint the number of sheep each such person, having right of common in such common pastures, shall respectively feed and departure thereon, in due proportion to their respective dints of fights.

XXI. And whereas the improvement of the breed of Jbeep is a matte* of Zrea* national importanee, and the turning of rams upon wastes and open common fields at certain times of the year has been found to

be very prejudicial; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Rants riot to said. That no ram shall be turned upon, or be suffered to remain remain upon upon, any wades or common fields, between the twenty-fifth Vc°to day of August and the twenty-fifth day of November in every year. Nov. a/.

XXII. And whereas several of the owners and proprietors of wastes, commons, and common field lands, may, at the time of any meeting to be held in pursuance of this oft, be incapable, through various impediments, of entering into any of the agreements hereby authorisei to be made, for the better ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improv-

ing, of common arable fields, wastes, and commons of pasture, in this

s 2 king* /

a 60

Persons formerly under disability, under this act may iign agreements.

Rectors or tithe owners not to receive gratuity for Irtting tithes other than by half-yearly or yeari/ payments.

AM agreements made to be valid in law.

Con Tent of occupiers not to be valid, without a written authority under the hand of the proprietor

A&kmm may be brought at We It in in Iter.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81.

[177$*

kingdom, without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, t>r known agent or receiver of any owner and proprietor of wastes, commons, and common field lands, and of any person having a right or interest therein, being under coverture, minors, lunaticks, or beyond the seas, and for every or any of them for the time being; and also to and for all and every or any of the said owners and occupiers, being tenants in tail, tenants by the courtesy of England, or tenants for life only, and to and for every or any of them respectively for the time being, to enter into, and sign any agreement to be mado in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no reftor or tithe owner, in right of his rectory, vicarage, or curacy, or the Ieftec of either of them respectively, who shall agree for or lett his tithes of the said common field lands, during the said term of six years, or any part thereof, shall receive any fine, foregift, gratuity, or compensation whatsoever, other than by equal half-yearly or yearly payments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every agreement so entered into in pursuance of this act, shall be good, valid, and effectgal in the law, for the purposes thereby irrtended, notwithstanding the want of legal title in the said owner or owners, or in the said husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, agents, or receivers, or in the persons acting as such, or in the said tenants in tail, tenants by the courtesy of England, or tenants for life only, any settlement or settlements, will or wills, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no consent of any occupier of lands in such common arable fields, or of a separate sheep walk therein, to any such first agreement for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of such common fields, to be made by the authority of or, in pursuance of this act, shall be good and valid, unless such occupier shall, at the time of entering into such agreement, produce a written authority for that purpose, under the hand of the owner or proprietor, guardian, or trustee; or in case of such owner not being a minor, and being in parts beyond the seas, of the known ^gent of such owner.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any owner or occupier of any common field lands, or of any part thereof, for the better cultivation whereof any rules and regulations shall have been agreed upon, in pursuance of the powers and authorities given by this act, shall not conform to such rules and regulations, or shall wilfully deviate therefrom in any respect whatsoever; that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any owner or owners, or occupier or occupiers, of any part of such common field lands, who may have been damnified by a breach of the regulations aforesaid, to bring one or more aeftion or actions of treipass, or upon the case, in

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82.61

any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster against the person or persons so offending; and if in any such action, fb to be brought aforesaid, a verdict shall be given for the plaintiff, or he shall recover judgement by default; that then, and in fu h case, the party or parties so offending shall answer to the parry grieved all such damages as shall be recovered in such action, together with double costs of suit.

XXVII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall No person is prevent, or extend to prevent, any person or persons from in- hereby preclosing all or any part or parts of his, her, or their land, to and for his, her, or their own use or benefit, such person or persons JanrfsTcfr h'is having full power or right so to do. own use.

XXVIII. Saving always to the King's most excellent ma-Saving all jesty, his heirs and successors, and to all and every lord or lords, rights to lady or ladies, of any manor or manors, and to all and every other person and persons, bodies politick or corporate, his, her, norSj &c# and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, (other*than and except the respective persons, their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, who may, in consequence of this act being duly carried into execution, become subject to the provisions and regulations thereby authorisejl to be made,) all such estate, interest/and rights, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed in and over the said common arable fields, wastes, and commons of pasture, before the passing of this act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case the same had pot been made.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for the better regulation of lying-in hospitals, end other places, appropriated for the charitable reception of pregnant women; and also to provide for the settlement of bastard childreny born in such hospitals and places.

WHEREAS, through the humane and benevolent affjlance of Preamble* well-disposed persons, many hospitals and places have been ejla-blished for the charitable reception of pregnant women, which have afforded great relief iff times of the utmost dislrefs, and therefore merit every dhe support and encouragement; but some inconveniencies having been found to arise from the number of bastard children born in such hospitals and places, which have become heavy burdens, and Lave occasioned tenreasonable charges upon those parishes wherein such hefpitah and places have been injlitutedy to their great and unjujl of-preffton: and whereas it would tend, as well to promote the interest of J such hospitals and places as to give a seasonable relief to such pari jins, if a law was made to regulate the settlement of such bastard childnn; After N°v. t. may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it t7aVto°be*enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the titabliibul for advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- the r^cepnoa mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority ot Pre&, 3, t of the |ame. That from and after the first day of November y one cnee

thotffand fever* hundred and seventy-three, no hospital or place be obtained j

t6t Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. [1773.

shall be established, used, or appropriated, or continue to be pfed or appropriated, for the publick reception of pregnant women, under publick or private support, regulation, and management, in any parish within that part of Great Britain called England, unless a licence shall be first had and obtained, in manner hereafter mentioned, from the justices of the peace, at some one of their general quarter sessions to be held for the county, riding, division, city, or corporation, wherein such hospital or which licence place shall be situated; and such justices are hereby authorised the justices, at and required to grant such licence to any person or persons who their quarter ssxall apply for the same, such person or persons paying the sum impowerYd to forty flings for every such licence to the clerk of the peace grant, of such county, riding, or division, or to the town clerk of such

city or corporation, as a perquisite for his trouble, and as a fund to defray the expence of the stamp and parchment that shall be used for the grant of such licence.

Every licence

II. And be it further enacted, Thar every such licence shall to be damped be written on parchment, and stampt with a five shilling stamp; Np, and and a copy thereof shall be entered in a book to be kept for that (igntd by the purpose by such clerk of the peace, or town clerk, and preserved justicet, as a publick register amongst the records of the county, riding, division, or of such city or corporation, as the case may be, to be inspedfed by any person or persons on payment of one shilling; and every such licence shall be signed by two or more such justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, and shall intitle the person or persons to whom such licence shall be granted to keep one hospital, house, or place, and no more, for the publick or charitable reception of pregnant women.

Hofpltab now

III. And be it further enacted, That as well all hospitass, or beieatterto houses, and places, already established, used, or appropriated, for*thereof for x^c Pu^ick reception of pregnant women, and supported by tien of preg'- charitable contributions, or otherwise, for the purposes of the nant women, delivery or lying-in of such pregnant women, as all other hospi-deemed with- tals, houses, or place?, that may hereafter be established, used, in the intent and appropriated, in like manner, for the like purposes, shall be 0 1 11 a ' deemed and taken to be hqspitals and places within the true intent and meaning of this adh inscription to IV. And, that it may be the mere easily known what ho [pitchy He affixed over b: uses, or places, shall hove been licensed pursuant to this be it all\ofoitaii ena<^cd. That there shall be fixed and kept up over the door, *or publick entrance, of every such hospital, house, or place, an

inscription, in large letters, in the following words; videlicet, Licensed for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King GEORGE the Third, and the affixing and keeping such jnfeription shall be a condition in every such licence; and in case such inscription shall not be fixed and kept over the door or publick entrance of such hospital, house, or place, such licence shall become null and void.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82.

no bastard child or children, born in any such hospital, house, Bastard chil-or place, as aforesaid, shall be legally settled in, or shall be in- dren born in titled to, any relief as a parishioner, from the parish wherein ^cthtQ0^als such hospital, house, or place, shall be situated; but every such "uicd°to re-" child or children shall follow the mother's settlement, and shall lief as a pa-immediately gain a settlement in the parish or parishes respect nOiioner. tively, where his, her, or their mother or mothers were last legally settled; any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, On the re. Xhat in case it shall become necessary to remove the mother of moval of the the child so born a bastard, and the child so born a bastard, or either of them, from the parish or place in which such hospital, chUrchwar-house, or place, shall be situated, to the parish or place to which dens of the such woman shall belong, or where (he shall have obtained her parish are to last legal settlement, such parish or place, being within twenty P1? all cx* miles of such hospital, house, or place, to which (he shall be so pence, ' removed, shall be chargeable with, and liable to the payment of all charges and expences incident to or attending such removals; such charges and expences to be allowed and settled by any justice or justices of the peace, (who is and are hereby required to allow and settle the same,) in and for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, or place, in which the parish or place shall be situated, to which such mother and child, or either of them, shall be removed as aforesaid: and if such charges and expences, after being allowed and settled as aforesaid, and demand thereof made in writing, directed to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish to which such mother and child, or either of them, shall be removed, as aforesaid, shall not be paid within two days after such demand; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in and for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, or place, in which the parish shall be situated, to which such mother and child, or either of them shall be removed, and he or they is and are hereby required, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor making such refusal, as aforesaid, or on the goods and chattels of any pr either of them.

VII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Appeal may person or persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by be made to such removal or distress had or made in pursuance of this act, <?u*rtcr fef-every such person may appeal to the quarter session of the peace

to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, ed, SS or place, wherein he shall have suffered such grievance, within four months after the fa<ft done, by which he shall think himself so aggrieved, such appellant first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the least, in writing, of the intention to giving 14. bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the party or day*noucc# prties a^ainst whom such appeal is intended to be brought, and

s $ \vithin

164 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. [1773.

within two days next after such notice given entering into recognizance, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices, at such quarter sessions; and the said justices shall then hear and determine the causes and matters of appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, and the determination of such justices so made shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Parito officer*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all officers belonging i in powered to to the parish wherein the mother of such child so born a bastard apprehend the fha][ have been last legally settled, and all magistrates of the baftCd°fany county, riding, division, city, corporation, or place, wherein such parish shall be situated, shall have power and authority to apprehend the reputed father of any such bastard child, to take security for the indemnity of the parish, and to punish the parents, and to do every other matter or thing relative to such case of bastardy, in the same manner, and with the same powers, as such magistrates or officers might or would have had in case such child had heeji bprn in such parish or place; any law or Statute to the eputr^ry the/eof in anywise notwithstanding. Proviso,

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter the law as it flow stands relative to the settlement of any bastard child so born as aforesaid, in cases where the mother's settlement cannot be ascertained and determined.

Ownfrsor X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

maters of That the owner, keeper, governor, matter, secretary, clerk, or

hospitaJ* to other person, who shall have, or to whom shall be intruded the

linn carc> conduct, or management, of such hospital, house or ^lace,

a<imirtultobe shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby directed and re-

examined be- quired, before the admission of any pregnant woman into such tore a justice. hospital, house, or place, forthwith, (unless prevented by sickness,) to take, or cause to be taken, such woman before some justice of the peace in and for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, or place, where such hospital, house, or place, is lituat-cd, which justice is hereby dirpifted and required to examine her upon oath, whether (he is married or single: and in case such pregndnr woman shall not be able, at the time of such admission, to go before such justice, and be examined as aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said owner, keeper, governor, master, secretary, clerk, or other person, as aforesaid, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby directed and required when and so soon as such woman shaft be sufficicnfly recovered, to take, or cause to be taken, such wq-man before such justice, to be by him examined as aforesaid, any law, ttatute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding: and all and every the particulars of such examination, taken upon oath as aforesaid, shall be entered in a book, to be provided and kept for that purpose by the oyyn-

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 365

er, keeper, governor, master, secretary, clerk, or other person, as aforesaid, and signed by the justice of the peace before whom such examination is taken, who is hereby directed and required to sign the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any woman, if the woman on admission, into such hospital, house, or place, shall produce produce an an affidavit, sworn by her before such justice of the peace for ^av, t thaj the cicy of London, or for the county, riding, division, city, cor- or^linde?*porarion, or place, wherein such hospital, house, or place, shall be situated, that (he is a married or Angle woman, as the case may be, which affidavit shall be kept and filed at every such hospital, house, or place, then, and in every such case, such wo- (he is not liable man shall not be liable or compellable by this act to go before to go before any justice of the peace, or to be further examined on oath as the to her marriage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any woman shall be when any delivered of a bastard child in such hospital, house, or place, woman shall such owner, keeper, governor, master, secretary, clerk, or other dCiMfrc? person as aforesaid, shall, four days at the least before any such the^wherof woman shall be discharged, give, or cause to be given, a per- the hospital is fonai notice, or notice in writing, of such delivery, to be left atto give four the usual place of abode of the overseer or overseers, church- £aVs warden or churchwardens, of such parish or place, wherein such df^argeVto hospital, house, or place, shall be situated; and such overseer or the overseers, overseers, churchwarden or churchwardens, or some or one of

them, is and are hereby authorised and required, after such notice given, to attend at such hospital or place, within the time so notified as aforesaid, and shall convey every such woman before some justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, corporation or place, where such birth or births shall happen, who shall examine every such woman upon oath relative to her last legal settlement, and shall certify, in writing, to such overseer or churchwarden the whole of such examination, who shall cause the same to be deposited and kept amongst the books and papers belonging to such parish or place.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time such Overseer at-overseer or churchwarden shall, upon such attendance be intending, and formed by such owner, keeper, governor, master, secretary, b*, nS "*form-clerk, or other person, that any such woman is not sufficiently a* jjCnot recovered to be taken out and carried before such justice, such sufficiently re-overseer or churchwarden shall wait till a further notice shall, covered, shall in like manner, be given; and such notices, from time to time,'11 ? fur* shall be repeated as occasion may require; and every such over- gJy|nn#°tlCC C seer and churchwarden, who shall receive the same, is hereby

required to ppy due attention thereto.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ^J1r b shall and may be lawful for every such owner, keeper, gover- jJJ.pl nor, master, secretary, clerk, or other person, to keep, and de- hospital till tain in such hospital, house, or place, every fudh woman so de- (he be in a fit lirered of a bastard child, till (he shall be adjudged in a fit con- {*on^inon to dition to be discharged, and until (he shall havq been examined &c ^i3rgc 9

266

but not to extend to keep any woman longer than six weeks, without her content.

Owners, governors, &c. not complying with the directions of this act to forfeit 501.5 and overseers, &c.negle£Ung cr refilling to forfeit 101. How penalties mny be recovered and applied.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Actions when to be commenced.

I u Vick aft.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. [1773.

before some justice of the peace, as aforesaid, with respect to the place of her last legal settlement.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorise or irapower any person whatsoever to keep or detain in such hospital, house, or place, any woman so delivered of a battard child for a longer time than six weeks after the birth of such child, imless it shall be done by her own free consent.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such owner, keeper, governor, matter, Secretary, clerk, or other person, as aforesaid, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to comply with the directions of this act, shall forfeit and pay, for every such neglect or refusal, the sum of fifty pounds; and every such overseer or churchwarden who shall in like manner neglect or refuse to comply with the directions of this act, shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered, with full cotts of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and such forfeitures and penalties, when recovered, shall be applied, one moiety to the use of the poor of the pafitti where such offence shall have been committed, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall sue for and recover the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give, this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XVIII. Provided always, That no such action or suit shall be brought by virtue and in pursuance of this act, unless the same be commenced within six calendar months after the offence committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed a publick act; and as such taken notice of by all judges, justices, and other persons, without fpcdally pleading the same.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio GeqRGII JH. c. 83, 84.'67

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for building a bridge acroft the river of Thames, from Richmond, in the county of Surrey, to the opposite (bore, in the county of Middle-(ex, and to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the ferry Richmond to certain persons therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Commi (Turners names. Qualification of of Penalty on acting, it not qualified. Place of of meeting. Manner of adjourning. Commissioners to defray their own expences. Proceedings to be entered in books. New Commissioners to be elected by bailot, Commissioners may cause a bridge to be built of (tone, across the river Thames, from Richmond to the opposite shore. Dimerifions of the bridge. Commissioners to make a road through Twickenham Park,

Di mentions of the road. The bridge to be free from taxes, and not to be a county bridge. Damaging the bridge, &c. deemed felony. Damage done by boats, See. to be made good by the owners. Bodies corporate, See. enabled to convey their estates to the of Lands, Scc. if not agreed for, to be valued by a jury of the county. Jury to view the place m question if necessary. Verdict to be signed by five of, present, and to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace. Where persons are intitled in remainder, the purchase-monej? to be settled accordingly.

The sum adjudged as a satisfaction to be paid, or tendered, in a month alter the verdict, or the adjudication to be void. If the sum adjudged be refused, Scc. to be paid into the bank of England, in the name of the tresurer. Right of challenging the jury. Commissionert may fine sheriff for'default in impanelling jury, and jurymen or witnesses for not attending.

Fines to be levied by distress, &c. Richmond ferry. The bridge not to be built until the ferry be purchased by the of in case the of and Mr. Holland cannot agree, the value to be tried by a jury of Surrey and Middlesex. In case no action be brought in six months after notice, the of may summon a jury to ascertain the value.

His Majesty enabled to grant the inheritance of the ferry. After obtaining a grant from his Majesty, See. the ferry to be under the direction of the of Commissioners may erect a toll house, &c. The tolls.

[Proviso.]

Tolls veiled in of The manner of enforcing the payment of tolls. If the bridge shall receive damage, an occasional ferry may be set up. Power to borrow money upon the tolls. Securities, &c, to be entered in a book. All creditors to be deemed equal in degree.

[Publick act.]

When money borrowed and interest shall be repaid, and 50001. vetted in the funds for the support of the bridge, the tolls to cease. If the fund be reduced to 1000l. the tolls to be revived. Commissioners may appoint a clerk. See. Collectors to account. Accounts to be delivered yearly to parliament. Collectors refuting to account, See. for the money in their hands, the same may be levied by distress and sale of their goods. For want of sufficient distress, the offender to be committed. Bridge to be begun before June 1, 1778, and finished before Junes, 1783. This act not to prejudice u e right of the mayor, &c. of the city of London. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Commissioners writings to be tree from stamp duty.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes.

WHEREAS the laws for the general regulation of the turn- preambl«.

pike roads within that part of Great Britain called England are in same respects ineffectual, and require amendment: where-

fore, for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent

Five or more ti at a

general njtrer-may order weighing engines to be eitcLd j

tnd cause loaded C3iri-aae> to be \stinhed at t«ii npikes or toll gates i

taking jos. additional toll for every i no wt. over the weights a.lowtd.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

cellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all trustees appointed by any acfe or ach of parliament, for the repair of any turnpike road within that part of Great Britain called England, or any five or more of them, at some publick meeting, if they shall think proper, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, as they have erected, or shall erect, for the receiving of any toll or tolls, or upon any part of the road within their respective jurisdictions, and at such a distance from any turnpike-bar or toll-gate as they respectively shall think requisite and expedient, to order and cause to be built or erected, a crane, machine, or engine, proper for the weighing of carts, waggoils, or carriages, conveying of any goods or merchandise whatever; and, by writing, signed by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any such carriage or carriages, which shall pass loaded through any such gate or bar, to be weighed, together with the loading thereof; and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any person or persons impowered by any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the tolls already granted, ot hereafter to be granted, the sum of twenty shillings for every hundred weight of one hundred and: twelve pounds to the hundred, which every waggon or cart hereafter described, together with the loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the weights hereafter allowed to each of them respectively; (that is to say), To every waggon or four-wheel carriage, having the fellies of rollers of the wheels of (He breadth of sixteen inches, eight tons in summer, and seven in winter; to every waggon or wain, having the axletrees thereof of such different lengths that the difiance from wheel to wheel of the nearer pair of the said wheels be not more than four feet two inches, to be measured at the ground, and that the distance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof be such, that the fore and hind wheels of such waggons and wains shall roll only one single furfaceor path of sixteen inches wide at the lead, on each side of the said waggons or wains, and having the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches from side to lide at the bottom or foie thereof, fix tons ten hundred in summer, and fix tons in winter; to every waggon or four-wheeled carriage, having the so!e or bottom of the Icllies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, fix tons in summer, and five tons ten hundred in winter; to every cart, having the fellies of the same aimenfions, three tons in summer, and two tons fifteen hundred in winter; to every wfcggpn, having; the foie or bottom of the fellies' of the wheels of the breadth or six inches, four tons five hundred in summer, and three tons fifteen hundred in winter; and to every such waggon so construtfed as to roll and actually rolling a lurface of eleven inches, by the wheels thereof, five tons ten hundred in summer, and five tons in winter; to every cart, having the fellies of the wheels of the same dimensions, two tons twelve hundred in summer,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84, 269

and two tons seven hundred in winter; to every waggon, hav* ing the foie or bottoto of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, three tons ten hundred in summer, and three tons in winter; and to every cart, having the fellies of the wheels of the same dimensions, one ton ten hundred in summer* and one ton seven hundred in winter; and that for the several purposes aforesaid, it shall be deemed summer from the first day of May to the thirty-first day of October % both days inclusive, and winter from the first day of November to the thirtieth day of April, both days inclusive; which said additional toll or duty, Additional hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied and tou to bero, recovered upon any person liable thereto, in any of the cases a- covered as foresaid, or his or her goods or chattels, who shall, after demand other toi*s; made thereof, refuse or neglect to pay the same, in such manner as any other toll or duty, payable at the same turnpike-gate or bar, is or shall be by law to be levied and recovered 5 and the money arising from such additional duty shall be applied to the*1

the repair of the turnpike road where the same shall ber0ad*r° c

collected.

II. And be it further enacted, That the keeper of every such Duty of tou. toll-gate or bar, where any such weighing engine shall be ereeft- gatekeeper*, ed, or any other person appointed, or to be appointed, by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to the care of such weighing engine, shall, and is hefeby required to weigh all such waggons and carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this aeft, which shall pass loaded through such gates or bars respectively, and which be shall have reason to believe carry greater weights than are allowed to pass without paying the said additional toll: and if any gate-keeper, or person so appointed, shall permit any such waggon or cart to pass through any such toli-gate with greater weights than are hereby allowed, without weighing the Forfeiture for same, and receiving such additional tolls, as aforesaid, he shall, every offence for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds. h 5l.

IIT. And, in order to detest the said collector or receiver in any trustees tkc* fraudulent connivance or neglect of duty in the matters aforesaid, be may cause it further enabled, That.it shall and may be lawful for any carriages to he trustee, creditor, clerk, treasurer, or surveyor, of such turnpike 1#'

road, if he shall suspect any such connivance or neglect, as a- conmvanc - ot foresaid, to cause any carriage, liable to be weighed by Virtue of collcttoi*. this act, which shall have parted through any toll-gate where such weighing engine shall be eretsted, and shall not have parted above three hundred yards beyond such toll-gate, to return to such weighing engine, and be there weighed with the loading which passed through such gate, in the presence of such trustee* creditor, clerk, treasurer, or surveyor, upon requiring the driver thereof to drive such carriage back to such weighing engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the sum of one shilling for so doing; which sum of one shilling shall be returned to the person paying the same, if upon weighing such carriage and loacting, the same shall be found above the weight hereby allowed.

IV. And, for the better enforcing the authority of this act, the Surveyor* to surveyors foalU and are hereby authorised and required to make con- inakecui:*-

VWiuft' r\c\cf \o

270 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

nient placet venient places for turning fitch carriages upon every such turnpike for turning road, where such weighing engine shall be erested, within three bun-whereS^eigh- dred yards of fu'h toll-gate, on each side thereof if the ground will ing engines*admit of the same; and there shall be a list of the names of all the may be ereA- trustees and creditor s, and also of the tlerk, treasurer, and fitrveyor, ed* f such turnpike road, put up in the house or building where such

weighing engine shall be placed, to be inspected by the owner or driver of every such carriage; and if the driver of any such carriage, being Drivers re- fQ reqUefieg f0 return with his carriage to such weighing engine, shall ih all forfeit^neglect or refu[t fi i(> do, he shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings; 401, and it)ball and may be lawful for any peace officer, or other perfion or

persons, being then present, upon such neglect or refusal, to drive and take such carriage back to such weighing engine, in order to be weighed as aforesaid.

V. And, in order to compensate for the expences of eroding such f^repairing weighing engine, and to prevent any prejudice to the creditors who have turnpike lent, or shall lend their money upon the security of the tolls, be it fur-roads, further ther enabled, That all and every aA and a As of parliament, made continued, if for repairing and amending turnpike roads, the trustees whereof shall within twelve calendar months after the commencement of this act have caused to be erected and used thereupon such weighing engine, pursuant to the direAion and true intent and meaning of this act, shall be continued, and be in full force, for five years, to be computed from the several ends and expirations of all and every such aA and aAs respectively, and subject to all the tolls and duties, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, powers, authorities, clauses, rules, directions, payments, and provisions, respectively made, and enacted by any of the said act or acts of parliament, now or heretofore made, for repairing and amending turnpike roads.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the regulations of weight herein-before mentioned shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any waggons, carts, or other carriages, employed only in husbandry, or carrying only manure for land, hay, draw, fodder, or corn unthreftied; and that where lime or other manure is or shall, by any particular turnpike aA, be permitted to pass through any turnpike-gate toll free, or upon paying less toll than is required to be paid for other goods, it shall be liable to be weighed at all weighing engines upon such turnpike road, together with the carriages in which such lime or manure shall be conveyed, and shall pay such additional toll for overweight as herein before directed.

engines are erected in pursuance of this act.

Mot to extend to waggons, carts, &c. employed in hufoandry.

toOices upon

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall complaint and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, within the li-

made, may mits of every county, riding, division, hundred, or precinA, at

order weigh- any general quarter sessions of the peace, upon complaint made be^creJ?edS to 10 ^ern ty any justice of the peace, or by any two creditors, or

when they any two trustees of any turnpike road, within the said limits of

think proper, which they are creditors, or trustees, that such turnpike road is much damaged by excessive weights being carried thereupon* and that no weighing engine bath been erected, or ordered by

the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 271

the trustees of such turnpike road to be erelied, upon the same* to summon the clerk, surveyor, and treasurer, of such turnpike road to appear before the said justices, at their then next general quarter sessions of the peace, to shew cause why a weighing engine or engines Should not be erelled at or near such gate or gates, upon such turnpike roads as shall be described in such summons 3 and if at such subsequent sections the said clerk, surveyor, and treasurei^ some or one of them, shall not appear before the justices at such sections, or appearing, shall not shew sufficient cause to the said justices against the erecting of such weighing engine or engines, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, if they think fit, at such quarter sessions, to order one or more weighing engine or engines to be erelled upon such turnpike road, at such place or places as they shall think proper; a copy of which order shall be forthwith delivered to the clerk of of such turnpike road; and the trustees thereof are hereby directed and required, at their next meeting, to be held after their clerk shall have been served with such copy of the order as aforesaid, to contrail, or cause a contrail to be made with some proper person or persons, for the making and ereAing such weighing engine or engines with all convenient speed; and the treasurer of such turnpike road is hereby authorised and required to pay the expences attending the making and erelling of such weighing engine or engines out of the money which mall then be or next come into his hands from the tolls arising upon such turnpike road.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when Where two or two or more turnpike road? meet at or near the same place, it more roads shall and may be lawful for the trustees of such turnpike roads m*ct> trJJftcc# respectively, at a meeting to be held for that purpose, to fix up- JJSghiJg tn° on some convenient place to erell a weighing engine upon, gine to ac-which will accommodate all such turnpike roads; and, by a- commodate greement amongst themselves at such meeting, to proportion thethcm* expences which may attend the making, erelling, maintaining,

and keeping such weighing engine, and likewise the money arising from forfeitures to be Incurred for overweight at such weighing engine, amongst all such turnpike roads, in such manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees not trustees of any turnpike road, their lessee or lessees, to make to make com-composition for tools, for or in respect of any waggon, wain. Potion for cart, or carriage, or horses? or beasts of draught, drawing the

lame, unless such waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, have have the Vei- the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of fix He$ of wheels inches, or more, any law to the contrary thereof notwith- fix inchtt (landing.'brold'

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons j petialty shall unload, or cause to be unloadeo, any goods, wares, or on unloading tnerchandises, from any cart, waggon, or other carriage, (ex- goods before cept such carriages as are herein-before excepted), at, of before coming to any the same shall come to any turnpike-gate or weighing engine, f^engine? "

erelled

27. Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84^ [1773.

erected by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act, made for the repair or preservation of any turnpike road; or shall load or lay upon such carriage, (except as aforesaid), after the same shall have passed any such turnpike or weighing engine,

any goods, wares, or merchandises, taken or unloaden from any horse, cart, or other carriages, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the same waggoner or carrier, in order to avoid the payment of the said respective duties of twenty shillings ptr hundred; or if any person shall so unload, in order to carry considerable quantities of goods through any turnpike-gate, in one and the same day, and thereby pay less toll at such turnpike-gate than would have been paid if such goods, wares, or merchandises, had not been so unloaden; each and every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the limit where the offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; to be levied upon the goods and chattels of the owner of such cart, waggon, or other carri-. age; and each and every driver, not being the owner of such waggon or carriage, so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month, bwners or

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the owner of any wag-drivers of gon, cart, or carriage, or other person, being the driver there-waggons, &c. cf^ travelling on any turnpike road where any toll-gate or weigh-thenrofd0lton8 enS*ne ls or ftwM^erested, shall drive or turn out of the avoid being same into any other road, in order to avoid being weighed, or weighed, shall to avoid the paying of toll, and shall afterwards proceed with forfeit not ex-such carriage into and on the same turnpike road, every such nor Ids than owner* or other person, convicted of such offence before one or 40g# more justice or justices of the peace for the limit where such of-

ence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the owner, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings; and if he be the driver and not the owner any sum not exceeding fifty shillings, nor less than ten shillings, upon conviction, for every such offence.

R latlonam

XII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage, liable to the conltruc- be weighed by virtue of this act, shall pass along any turnpike

tien of the wheels of carriages travelling on roads above ao miles from London.

road, being above twenty miles from the cities of London or WeslmitijUr, unless the same shall be made and constructed in such manner, that no pair of such wheels shall be wider than four feet six inches from inside to inside, to be measured on the ground, (except wheels having the foies of the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which shall be so constructed as -to roll a surface of sixteen inches; and that the wider pair of such wheels shall not be more than five feet eight inches from inside to inside, to be measured on the ground), and that the distance from the centre of the fofe wheel to the centre of the hind wheel of any waggon or four-wheeled carriage, not being used for the

carriage

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 273

carriage of timber only, be not above nine feet, to be measured from the centre of the axletrees at the ends thereof, on pain of the owner or owners of every such waggon, wain, or cart, forfeiting the sum of five pounds for every such offence: and the Surveyors, &c. surveyor or surveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, of any turn- to measure pike road, is and are hereby authorised and required, at any* turnpike or toll-gate, or at any other place upon the turnpike road, to measure every such waggon, wain, or cart; and if any or they (halt matter or driver of any waggon, wain, or cart, shall hinder, or not be per-refuse to permit such Surveyor or surveyors, gate-keeper or gate- mitled to P*1* keepers, to measure such waggon, wain, or cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such waggon, wain, or cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any turnpike road.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no waggon, wain, or No mae-inch other four-wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the wheeled fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, dAg«fnwith ° shall pass or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than more than eight norfes; nor any cart* or other two-wheeled carriage, hav- eight horsesj ing wheels of the bresulth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon n°r

any turnpike road with more than five horses; and that the Sages?!Lmc horses in such respective carriages shall draw in pairs; (except breadth, with an odd horse in any team, and except where the number of more than horses shall not exceed four;,) and also that no waggon, wain, \ or other four-wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of then m £*!* fellies of the wheels of the breadth of six inches, shall pass or be car-

drawn on any turnpike road with rtnore than fix horses; and riagC8 not to that no cart, or other two-wheeled carriage, having wheels of the be drawn with breadth last mentioned, shall be drawn on $ny turnpike road more than with more than four horses; and also, that no waggon, wain, or other four-wheeled carriage, having the fellies of the wheels wheeled"ctr-of less breadth than six inches, shall pass or be drawn on any riages with turnpike road with more than four horses; and that no cart, orore th*n other two-wheeled carriage, having the fellies of she wheels of horfcSf lefo- breadth than six inches, shall pass or be drawn on any turn- owners of pike road with more than three horses; and the owner of every waggons, See such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall forfeit the sum-of for every five pounds; and the driver thereof, not being the owner, the above sum of twenty shillings, for every offence against the provision* f^fcjatgin|#cr> aforesaid, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, and the driver

XIV. Provided always, That all carriages moving upon rollers 20 s.

of the breadth of sixteen inches on each side thereof, with flat Carriages up* surfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any number of0T? [°ilcr* horse, or other canle.t

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no profecu- drawn with tien shall be commenced before a justice of peace, by way of any number information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver o{

of any carriage having a greater number of horses therein than Prosecutiona are allowed by this act, unless such information be laid within not to b* d three days after the offence committed j and that no action shall be commenced for any such offence, unless the same be com- nation belaid Vot. XXX. T menced

within three days after the offence is committed.

Waggons, &c. may be drawn by any number of horses, when an engine iserected, and the carriage weighed.

Penalty on faking off horses, or altering the dittance of the wheels before coming to a gate.

Trustees may allow waggons with broad wheels to be drawn wp hills with ao horses; and carts by bx, See,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

menced within one calendar month after the offence committed 5 and that neither such information or action shall be laid or commenced, unless notice shall be given by the informer to the driver of every such carriage, on the day upon which the offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence; and if it shall appear to the justice before whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the jaftice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to be draWn with any number of horses upon any turnpike road where a weighing engine shall be eroded, provided such carriage shall be weighed at such engine: and in order that the owner or driver of every such carriage may be furnished with proper evidence of the fads above mentioned, if any prosecution Should be commenced against him or them for using a greater number of horses than are allowed by this act, the person who shall have the care of such weighing engine shall, and is hereby required, on demand made &y the driver of any such carriage, to give to such driver a ticket, certifying that such carriage was weighed, and the weight thereof, with the loading.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any horse or horses, or other beast of draught, from any waggon, or other carriage, or shall alter, or cause the distance of the wheels thereof to be altered, at or before the same shall come to any of the said gates or turnpikes, with intent to avoid any toll, forfeiture, or penalty, for drawing with a greater number of horses or beasts of draught, or in any other manner than hereby allowed, each and every person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the limit where the offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the fusn of five pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the trustees of any turnpike road, or any seven of them, at any of their publick meetings, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses experienced in leyelling, that any part of the rife of any hill upon such turnpike road shall be more than four inches in a yard; in (ueb case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven of them, to allow such number of horses as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding ten for waggons with nine inch wheels, nor fix for carts with nine inch wheels; and not exceeding seven for waggons with fix inch wheels, nor five for carts with fix inch wheck; and not exceeding five for waggons' with wheels of Ids breadth than six inches, nor four for carts with wheels of less breadth than six inches: and in case it/halt appear to the said trustees, in manner aforesaid, that the whole rife of any hill taken rqge-

th?

1773.] Anno dcdnao terdo Georgii III. c. 84.

VS

ther shall be more than four inches in a yard upon an average. They may al-it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven of Jowiuch'num-them, to allow such number of horses as they shall think fit to, they chink be used in such waggons and carts respectively, for the purpose fit, Up hills only of drawing the same up such hill or hills, as aforesaid, the riling more length and extent of such hill or hills to be Specified in such than inches order of allowance, and the termination at each end thereof {, " Vecified°ia to be marked by a post or done, to be erected at such respective the order of boundaries; and the said order of allowance shall be certified allowance, by the said trustees, or their clerk, to the next general quarter > fetlions of the peace, of the limit within which such hill or hills shall respectively be situated: and if the faefts, upon which the same is founded, shall, at the said quarter foflions, be proved upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of the justices on the bench, or the major part of them, the said order of allowance (had be confirmed and filed among the records of the sessions by the clerk of the peace, or otherwise shall be vacated and quashed: and from and after such confirmation and filing, no person shall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for using such number of horses as shall be so allowed in drawing any waggon or cart up such hill or hills respectivelyi and it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, at any subsequent quarter sessions of the peace, to re-consider the said order of allowance, and to discharge the same, if they think fit.

XrX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it Exemption shall appear, upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to thesatisfac- respea: tien of any justice or justices of the peace, or of any court of £awS*?fth justice, authorised to enforce the execution of this act, that any a, extraordi-waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or nary number # ice, be drawn with the respective weights, and by the number of of horses horses or beasts of draught hereby respectively allowed; the, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or n° justices of peace, or court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to stop all proceedings before them respectively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing with a greater number of horses, or beasts of draught, than are hereby allowed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by Narrow wheel* waggonsy and other carriages, with narrow wheels, drawn by horses ed waggons in pairs; for remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall not!or to be lawful for any waggon, wain, or cart, having the foie or horsesia^ bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or pairs, gauge than nine inches, to pass upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate or bar, if the same shall be drawn by horses in pairs, (other than and except such waggons, wains, or carts, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of six inches, as shall be authorised to be drawn in any other manner by order of the trustees of arty turnpike road within their distudt, made at a publick meeting, confiding of fevea.

trustees.

2?6 Aflno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

trustees, or more; which order it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees to revoke at any subsequent meeting, and afterwards to make a new one, if they shall think fit, for the same purpose, and fixed in writing upon every toll-gate within such district, and except carriages drawn by two hones only.)

Penalty on

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or drivers driv- persons shall, upon any turnpike road, drive, or ad as the driver ing carriage* or drivers of any waggon, cart, wain, or carriage, not being the dU^tien* mar^c<* according to the directions of this act 5 or drawn by ©Ahi* ad, # more t*lan t*lc number of horses, or beasts of draught, hereby respectively authorised; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any constable, tythingman, surveyor, or any other person, to aprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such person or persons, so driving, or acting as driver or drivers, as aforesaid, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the limit where the said offence shall be committed, and, upon conviction thereof, either by the confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witneues before such judice or justices of the peace, every such person or persons so offending, shall respectively for-not exceeding feit and pay, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding five 51* pounds, nor left than ten shillings, at the discretion of the

judice or judices before whom such offender shall be convicted. Where extra-

XXII. And whereas in and by several acts of parliament\ made ordinary tolls for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads, several high ^r^tedTthe^extraordinary tolls are granted, and directed to be levied and frustee* may Pa* for waggons, carts, and other carriages, drawn by more than a mitigate certain number of horses, or beafs of draught, therein respectively them, in re- mentioned, with an intent, in effect, to prohibit the passage of such four* carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the said roadsj now it gon*, Ike?* 19 hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said trustees appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of any act of parliament made for repairing and amending such particular roads, as aforesaid, or any five or more of such trustees respectively, within their respective didrids, and they are hereby authorised and required, at the fird meeting after the commencement of this act, to mitigate, lessen, and reduce the said high and extraordinary tolls and duties, for and in respect of such waggons, or other wheeled carriages only, having the wheels of the breadth or gauge of six inches, as aforesaid, in such manner as no greater toll or duty, in respect to waggons, be demanded or taken for the same than is provided and directed by the said acts respectively to be paid and taken for waggons, and other four-wheeled carriages, drawn by four horses, or beasts of draught 5 and that no greater toll or duty be demanded or taken for carts having the fellies of their wheels of the breadth or gauge of six inches, than is provided and directed by such acts respectively to be taken for carts drawn by three horses; and the said trustees, within their respective districts, or any five or more of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to give directions, in writing, to

the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 77

the several collectors within such their respective districts, to take and receive such tolls and duties, and no other; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the trustees appoint* One half more cd by virtue or under the authority of any act of parliament, than the toll# made for repairing or amending turnpike roads, or such person*to betaken or persons as are authorised by them, shall and may, and are wheeleTwag-hereby required, to demand and take, for every waggon, wain, gana, &c. cart, or carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less

breadth or gauge than six inches from side to side at the least, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horses, or beasts of draught, drawing the same, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the and after fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than Sept. «77*. six inches from side to side, at the least, at the bottom or foie tbcff

thereof, and for the horses, or beasts of draught, drawing the lame, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, double the tolls o* duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any act or a As of parliament made for amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such waggon, wain, cart, or car* jiage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such alts.

XXIV. At}d whereas fhere are in several alls if parliament, for flaking, amending, and repairing turnpike roads, exemptions allowed from pigment if tolls in particular cases therein respectively mentioned, and liberties are allowed in particular cases to pay less tolls than

fire charged upon other waggons, tpains, carts, and carriages, passing m through turnpike gates or bars: and whereas it will tend to the advantage and prtfervQtion of turnpijte roads to confine such exemptions, liberties, privileges, and advantages, to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gauge of six inches, or upwards; be it therefore enacted, No exemption That no person shall, by virtue of the said a As of parliament, from toll by have claim, or take the benefit or advantage of any exemption from toll, or part of tolls, or to pay less toll for or in respect of by any ^rfoa, any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, or horse drawing the unle)| where* same, and carrying any particular kina of goods, than other carriage* with carriages of the like nature, carrying other goqds, qught to pay, fix fclAiet unless such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriages, have the are uled* foie of the bottom of the fellies of the wheel* thereof of the breadth or gauge of (}x inches or upwards, (other than and ex- Carts, See. cept carts and carriages, employed in carrying corn, or grain employed in in the draw, hay, draw, fodder, dung, lime for the improve- husbandry meet of land, qr other manure, or any implements of husbandry tJLCePtt*f pnly;,) but that she tqll required by the said acts respectively together with the additional tolls hereby required to be taken for pr in respect of every such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of |cts breadth or gauge than six inches as afore&uj, and fat and m

No benefit to be taken of exemptions, unless the feh lies lie flat.

Waggons, See, moving on

*78 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

respect of horses, or beasts of draught, drawing the same* (except as before excepted,) shall be paid in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if no exemption, or less toll, had been enacted or allowed by any of the said acts respectively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, and horses drawing the same, ought respectively to pay, which arenot intiried to any exemption from toll, in the whole or part; or tb pay a less toll than other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided, That no person or persons be allowed to take the benefit of any such exemptions, or to have the privilege herein-before given of compounding in respect of any carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of six inches, or upwards, unless the fellies, and the tire upon such fellies, shall lie fiat.

XXVI. Provided also, That all waggons, carts, or carriages, moving upon roliers, of the breadth of sixteen inches on each

brllCdth°Vh6 t^lcrco^ at surfaces, shall be permitted to pass or be rca 0 lb drawn upon any turnpike road toll-free, for the term of one

Jear, to be computed from Michaelmas, one thousand seven undred and seventy-three j and from and after the expiration of the said term, all such waggons, carts, or carriages, as aforesaid, shall pass upon any turnpike road, through any toll-gate or

inches, on each side, with flat fur-faces, to pass toil free ior one year.

j one bait of the toll

does not extend.

and then after bir, upon paying only so much of the tolls and duties as (halt not exceed one half of the full toll or duty payable by this or any turnpike ad* for all waggons, wains, or carts, having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of six inches from side to side, or for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, and not rolling a surface of sixteen inches on each side # thereof; and that no more than half toll shall be paid in respect erf waggons having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, and rolling a surface of sixteen inches on each side thereof, from and after the commencement of this act any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Carriages to

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein-before con-which the act tained shall Extend or be construed to extend, to any chaise-A - marine, coach, landau, berlin, chariot, chaise, chair, calash, or

hearse, or to the carriage of such ammunition or artillery as shall be for his Majesty's service, or to any cart or carriage arawn by one horse, or two oxen, and no more; or to any carriage having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which shall be laden with one block of (tone, one piece of marble, one cable rope, one piece of metal, or one piece of timber.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall take the benefit of any exemptions, under or by virtue of this or any other act made for the repair of any turnpike road, in any fraudulent or collusive manner whatsoever, such person or persons shall forfeit, for every such offence, a sum not to exceed not exceeding five pounds, or less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom such offender frail be convicted.

Penalty on persons fraudulently taking the benefit of any ex* emption, is

1773.] Anno 10 decimo tertio Georgii III. c. $4. 279

XXIX. And whereas y in and by several acts of parliament, made Trusteet may and passed for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads, there re^uce the

is no power, <?r /w effectual power, '{fata to the trustees to lejfcn the meet*

tolls y although such turnpike roads may he sufficiently, or in a great degree^ amended and repaired\ and ally or the greatest part of the money borrowed upon the credit of any such aHs, may have been paid and discharged; be it therefore further enacted, Thai it shall ancj may be lawful to and for the trustees appointed in and by virtue of any act of parliament now in force for repairing and amending such particular roads as aforesaid, or any seven or more of such trustees respectively, and they are hereby impowered, in any of the cases aforesaid, at a meeting to be held for that purpose of which one calendar month's notice shall be given in writing, to be affixed on all turnpike gates which shall be then crested upon such respective roads, and in some publick newspaper circulated in that part of the country, from time to time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the tolls granted by any of the said respective acts, for and during such time as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; and after-and afterwards, at any meeting to be held as aforesaid, from time to ward* to ad-time, if they shall see occasion, to advance all or any of the tolls vaDCC them so leftened to any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the fc- aga, ni veral rates granted by such acts of parliament respectively.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole money Provided such borrowed on the credit of the tolls, granted by any such act, alteration* of shall not have been paid and discharged, no such tolls shall be tolls be leftened or reduced without the consent of the person or persons Snfentof the intitled to five-sixths of the money remaining due upon such creditors, respective tolls.

XXXI. And whereas in and by several alls of parliament, made Power for }u-for repairing particular turnpike roads, there are no powers given to faces to farm the trustees to let or form out the tolls arising upon such roads, and in out the to^»' many cases where the particular alls have given such power, they are

not executed and enforced in the most beneficial manner for such roads; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the trustees of any particular turnpike aft, or any seven or more of them, at a publick meeting, to let to farm the tolls of the several gates erected upon their respective turnpike roads, in the manner herein after mentioned, although no express power shall have been given by such turnpike act for that purpose; and that whenever any tolls shall hereafter be let under parti-to farm, by virtue of the powers given by this or any other act cular duec-or acts of parliament, the following directions shall be observ-A " ed; (that is to say,) the trustees shall cause notice to be given of the time and place for letting the same at least one month before the day to be appointed for that purpose, by fixing the same upon every toll-gate belonging to such turnpike road, and also upon the market-cross of the market town nearest to the place where the said tolls are to be let, and also in some publick newspaper circulated in that part of the country, and Ijpecifying in every such notice the sum which the said tolls produced in the

T 4 pre-

tiens and rc* ftri&ions.

s

to the btffc bidder.

The last bidder to be the farmer of the toils.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

preceding year, clear of the salary for collelling the same, in case any hired collector was appointed, and that they will let such tolls, by aultion to the bed bidder, on his producing sufficient sureties for payment of the money, monthly or quarterly, as shall be required by the trustees; and that they will be put up at the sum which they were let for or produced in the preceding year, clear of the salary of the collector; and to prevent fraud, or any undue preference in the letting thereof, the trustees are hereby required to provide a glass with so much sand in it as will run from one end of it to the other in One minute; which glass, at the time of letting the said tolls, shall be set upon a table, and immediately after every bidding the glass shall be turned, and as Toon as the sand is run out, it shall be turned again, and so for three times, unless same other bidding intervenes: and if no other person shall bid, until the sand shall have run through the glass for three times, the last bidder shall be the farmer or renter of the said tolls, and shall forthwith enter into a proper agreement for the taking thereof and paying the money at the times specifieft in such notice, or as mall be agreed upon between him and the trustees $ and ini case no bidder shall offer, the said trustees may appoint a collector of such tolls, or fix some future day for the letting thereof, as they shall judge most proper, upon giving such notice thereof as aforesaid, and shall apd may, in that case, put them up at such sum If the farmer a§ they shall think fit: and if thp person or ersons who shall be of tolls takes the farmer or renter of such tolls shall take a' greater or less toll from any person or persons than what are authorised or dirplled by this or the particular turnpike alt, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and shall also forfeit the said contrail for renting the tolls, if the said trustees shall think ftt to vacate the same; and every other gatekeeper authorise former he rifed to collelt the tolls, who shall take a greater or less toll than forfeits+os. as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

All statutt-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyors of duty to be all turnpike roads shall caqfe the Statute-duty required by the l^rtonnedm respective turnpike alls, and the compositions arising from the where n^C# fame>to performed, laid out, and expended, Upon the turn-arises. pike road lying within the parish, township, or place, from

which such duty shall be required, and not elsewhere, and shall forfeit the fuip of forty shillings for every misapplication there-Jf more turn- of; and that where there are two or more turnpike roads under several alls of parliament within the same parish, township, or the same pa- place> ai*dtJie Statute-duty directed by all such alls to be taken or applied for the repair of such turnpike roads within such parish, township, or place, shall exceed three days duty in the Whole; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace of the limit where such turnpike roads shall be, and they are hereby required, at some special may ad just the sessions, to adjust and proportion the staruteduty betwixt such proportions. turnpike roads and the other highways in such parish, tpwtf- 'Clip,

a greater or lets toll than allowed, he forfeits 51. and also his contrail 5 if he is not

riih, and the Statute-duty required to them exceeds three days, the justices

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. a8i

ship, or place, in such manner as they shall think fit, having regard to the extent and condition of the said several roads and highways, and also to the tolls and revenues arising from such turnpike roads respectively, the said justices previously summoning the clerks and surveyors of such turnpike roads and likewise the surveyors of the highways, for such parish, township, or place, who are hereby respectively required to attend the justtees upon such summons.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the inhabi- Where turn-rants of any parirti, township, or place, shall be indicted or presented for not repairing any highway, being turnpike road, and ccwrt* the court before whom such indictment or presentment shall be may propor-preferred shall impose a fine for the repair of such road, the tien the fine same shall be proportioned, together with the costs and charges an<i c°fb teattending the same, between the inhabitants of such parish, {^lubiunt* fownship, or place, and the trustees of such turnpike road, in an(j the such manner as to the said court, upon consideration of the cir- trustees, cutnstances of the case, shall seem just; and it shall and may be lawful for such court to order the treasurer of such turnpike road to pay the sum so proportioned for such turnpike road out of the money then in his hands, or next to be received by him, in case it shall appear to such court, from the circumstances of such turnpike debts and revenues, that the same may be paid without endangering the security of the creditors who have advanced without en-their money upon the credit of the tolls to be raised thereupon; ^angering the which order shall be binding upon such treasurer, and he is credVto* hereby authorised and required to obey the same. 1

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No side gat* no toll-gate shall hereafter be erected on the side of any turnpiketo be erected road, unless the same be ordered by the trustees, at a meeting, of which twenty-one days publick notice shall have been given {, g# afte in writing, affixed upon all the toll-gates erected on such roads? notice given, and also in some publick newspaper circulated in that part ofaiMj by order the country, specifying the place where such side-gate is proposed

to be erected, and unless nine trustees at least (being a majority of those pre fen t) shall Ggn the said order at such meeting j and No roll to be that no person shall be liable to pay toll at any toll-gate erected, paid unless tbt or to be erected, across or on the side of any turnpike road, or*7fes*2c be subject to any penalty for any carriage, horse, or beast, which pa£ ji© yards shall only cross such road, and shall not pass above one hundred upon the yards thereon, except over some bridge, erected at a considerable r°a(h or over expence by the trustees of such turnpike road f any thing in this or any other act of parliament contained to the contrary thereof trustees. in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Payment of persons shall agree to advance any sum or sums of money, to be employed in the making or repairing any turnpike ro*d, highway intended to be made turnpike, and shall subscribe his, retiring her, or their name or names to any wriring for that purpose, turnpike every such person shall be JiaJMe to pay every sum or sums of ro*$» tnoney so subscribed, according to the purport of such writing;

1*and

*8*

Surveyor to get and carry away materials by contract after publick notice given.

Surveyor to have no share in the contract, nor to' feil materials, or hire out any team*

If surveyor' suffera earth, rubbiib, or stores to lie days within 10 feet of the centre of the road, he forfeits 40 a.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. <^84. [1773.

tnd in default of payment thereof within twenty-one days after the same shall become payable, according to the purport of such writing, and shall be demanded by the person to whom the same is made payable by such writings or if no person be named therein for that purpose by the treasurtr of such turnpike, or intended turnpike road, it shall and may be lawful for every such treasurer, or other person, to sue for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, or on the case, bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That on every turnpike road where a sufficient quantity of done, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams required to perform datute-duty upon the same, the surveyor, with the approbation of the trustees of such road, shall, and is hereby required to contract for the getting and canying thereof, at some time and place to be fixed for that purpose of which ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same on the door of the church or chapel of such parish, town-ship, or place, or, if there be no church or chapel, at the most publick place there, which notice shall specify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting the reat: and if any surveyor shall have any part, share, or intered, directly or indined-ly, in any such contract, or in any other contract or bargain, for work or materials, to be made, done, or provided, upon, for, or on account of any of the highways, roads, bridges, qr other works, under his care or management s or shall, upon his own account direct, or indire#ly, let to hire any team, or sell or dispose of any timber, done, or other materials, to be used or employed in making or repairing such roads, bridges, or other works, as aforesaid, unless a licence in writing for the sale of any such materials, or for letting to hire any such team, be first obtained from the said trustees; he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, and be for ever after incapable of being employed as a surveyor, under the authority of this or any other a# of parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the surveyor or surveyors, or other person or persons, having the care of any turnpike road, shall knowingly differ to be or remain, for the space of four days, in any part thereof, within ten feet on either side of the middle of such road, any pod or pods, heap or heaps of dones, rubbish, or earth, set up, or raised in or above the surface of the said road, by which the passage thereof shall or may be obdru#ed, impeded, confined, or draitened, (other than and except pods, blocks, dones, or banks of earth, tijeed in the ground, or raised for securing horse or foot roads, or passages for water, and also dire#ion-posts and dones), such surveyor, or other person, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XXXVIII. And whereas inconveuiencies have arisen from hedges, or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds4 near the middle or centre of turnpike roads j for remedy

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 283

mcdy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any person shall in- Persons mak-croach, by making, or causing to be made, any hedge, ditch, or ing incroach-other fence, on any turnpike road, within the distance of thirty mc*?ts within feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plough, harrow, centrVof the or break up the foil of any land or ground; or in ploughing or road, or harrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his or their plough or ploughing harrow in or upon any land or ground within the distance of within 15 fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any turnpike road, made forfeit or to be made; every person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, forty shillings, to such person as shall make information of the same: and it shall be lawful for the trustees who Trustees may have the care of any such road, or any five or more of them, to cause the same cause such hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down or filled up, to be removed at the expence of the person or persons to whom the same shall of the offend* belong; and it shall and may be lawful for any one or more ju- er. dice or justices of the peace of the limit where such offence shall be committed, upon proof thereof to him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective penalties hereby imposed, by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the owner on demand.

XXXIX. And whereas in some places it hath been and may be Perfoot de. found necessary, and the trustees of all turnpike roads are hereby au- J*r°ying or thorised and required, to secure, or cause to be fecund', horse causeways, ^iie^onfs and foot causeways, to travel upon, in publick highways, by post:, or ports. Ire. blocks, or great stones fixed in the ground, or by banks of earth cast up, set up to fe-or otherwise, from being broken up and spoiled with waggons, wains, cure carts, or carriages; and forasmuch as several evil-disposed persons do of c- or may wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage bridges, &c. the said posts, blocks, and great stones, so fixed, or to be fixed, as aforesaid, and drive carriages upon such hanks and causeways, or against the fides thereof, and also dig or cut down the said banks, which are the fecterities and defence of the said causeways, whereby the causeways or banks are often ruined and destroyed 5 and such evil-disposed persons do or may break, damage, or throw down the stones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and do or may pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile-stone or post, graduated or direction post or stone, ere fled or to be crosted, upon any turnpike road: for prevention thereof, be it enacted, That every forfeits not person who shall be guilty of any such offence, shall, upon com- n^eTs^nau plaint thereof made to any justice of the peace of the limit where lQi# the same shall be proved to be done, by the oath of any one credible witness, or upon view of the justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said offences, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings; and in default of payment thereof,

(hull be committed to the house of correction of fuel) limit, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than seven days, at the diferetton of such justice, unless the same be sooner paid.

XL. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mischiefs are frequently done upon the streets and highways ? being turnpike roads,

284

Any driver not attending hi*carriage, pr wilfully mifbebaying,

forfeits, if not the owner of the carriage, not exceeding

SO 8*

and if the owner, not exceeding a*

and may be apprehended without warrant*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

by thi negligence or wilful misbehaviour of perforn driving carriages thereon*be it therefore enacted, That if the driver of any can, car, dray, or waggon, shall ride upon any such carriage, in any street or highway, not having some other person on foot, or on horseback, to guide the same, (such carriages as are conduced by some person holding the reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted;,) or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any part of any street or highway, shall, by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage pafHng or being upon such street or highway; or shall quit the highway, and go on the other side the hedge or fence inclosing the lame; or wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, or in fitch a situation, whilst it shall be passing upon such highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle drawing the same; or shall, by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free passage of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects, on the said highways; or if the driver of any empty pr unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refqfe or pegje# to turn aside and make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded wag* gon, cart, or other loaded carriage; or if any person shall drive, or alt as the driver of, any such coach, post chaise, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name, as hereby required, painted thereon; or shall refuse to discover the true christian and surname of the owner of such respective carriage; every such driver so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being conv Sited of any such offence, either by his own confession, the view of a justice of peace, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace of the limit where such pffpnce shall be committed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten shillings, in case such driver shall not bp the owner of such carriage; and in case the offender be the owner of iiich carriage, then any sum not exceeding twenty shillings; and in either of the said cases, shall, in default of payment, be committed to the house of correction fop any time not exceeding one month, unless such forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and every such driver offending in either of the said cases, shall and may, by authority of this act, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any person or persons who shall fee such offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before fqme justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law; and if any such driver, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name, it shall and may be lawful for the justice of the peace before whom he shall betaken, or to whom any such complaint shall be made, to commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or to proceed against him for the penalty aforesaid, by a descripton of his person and the offence, and expressing, in his proceedings, that he refused to {Jifeov^r his pame.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 28$

XLI. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where several The trustees highways met, be it further enacted, That the trustees, appoint-cd to execute any act of parliament made for the repair of any turnpike road, shall direct the surveyor of every such turnpike put up>jth road, where several highways meet, and there is no sufficient di- properinferip-re£kion-post or stone already fixed or erected, forthwith to ered, tiens thereon, or cause to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient place JJ^rgCmteu where such ways meet, a stone or post, with an inscription there-mtec* on, in large letters, containing the name of, and distance from, /

the next market town or towns, or other considerable place or places to which the said highways respectively lead; and also at orwhere there the several approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways as are subject to deep or dangerous floods, graduated stones or posts, denoting the depth of water in the deepest part of the same, and likewise such direction-poftsor stones, as the said trustees shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of travellers in the best and fcfeft trad through the said floods or waters j and and also mile-also shall order the said surveyor toered mile-stones or posts up- ftonci* on (bch turnpike road, with proper inscriptions and figures thereon, denoting the names and distances from the principal towns or places on each respective road, and from time to time to repair such stones and posts, and keep and continue legible the inscriptions thereon respectively; and the said surveyor shall be reimbursed the expences of providing, erecting, repairing and continuing the same respectively, out of the tolls and duties granted by such acts respectively 5 and in case any surveyor shall, by the space of three months after such direction to him or them given, neglect or refuse to cause any such stone or post to be fixed or repaired, as aforesaid, every such offender shall forfeit th» sum of twenty shillings.

XLII. And, to prevent the malicious destroying of any turnpike-gate or house, which hath been, or shall hereafter be, ereSled, be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall, Spoto either by day or night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck turnpike? ° up, throw down, level, or otherwise destroy any turnpike-gate or gates, houses, turnpike-gates, or any post or posts, rail or rails, wall or walls, weighing en-or any chain, bar, or other fence or fences, belonging to any S*nc, »c-turnpike-gate, or any other chain, bar, or fence, of any kind whatsoever, set up or erected, or hereafter to be set up or erected, to prevent passengers from passing by without paying any toll, laid, or directed to be paid, by any act or acts of parliament made for that purpose; or any house or houses erected, or to be erected, for the use of any such turnpike gate or turnpike-gates; or any crane, machine, or engine, made or erected, or to be made or erected, on any turnpike road by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages; or shall forcibly relcue any person or persons, being lawfully in custody of any officer of other person, for any of the offences before mentioned5 that f awj then, and in any of the said cases, every person so offending, be- offender ing thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, to be trans. and shall be transported to one of his Majestfty'a plantations ported;

tS6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

abroad for seven years, or shall be committed to prison for any time not exceeding three years, at the discretion of the judge or court before whom such offender shall be tried; and any indictment for such offences shall and may be enquired of9 examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent county within that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form, as if the facts had been therein committed, and the inha- XUII. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of bitants of the every hundred, within that part of Great Britain called England* hundred shall within which such offence or offences shall be committed, by Son for the^ Piling down or destroyinz any such turnpike gate or gates, or damagrsdone, any such post or pods, rail or rails, wall or walls, belonging to unlefe the of any turnpike gate or gates, or any such chain, bar, or fence, or^any house or houses, set up or eroded, or to be set up or erected, i» months af. x^c or k0* of collecting the tolls, or any crane, mater the offence chine, or engine, made or eroded on any turnpike road, by au-committed, thority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages, at any place appointed by the respective trustees, or any five or more of them, acting under any act or acts of parliament, for amending any turnpike road, shall make foil fitisfadion for the damages that shall be thereby suffered; and that the said damages shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by and in the name of the clerk of the peace of the county for the time being wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, without naming the christian or surname of the clerk of the peace; and fgch action shall not be abated or discontinued by the death or retnoyal of any such clerk, but may be sued and prosecuted by his successors; and the said damages, so to be recovered, shall be to the only use and behoof of the trustees of such turnpike road where the offence shall have been committed, to be by them applied and disposed of to the several uses and purposes, and in such manner, as the several tolls, rates, and duties, by virtue of such act or acts of parliament, shall be applied and disposed of; ar\d all and every die inhabitants of such hundred shall be rateably and proportionably taxed for and toward an equal contribution, for the relief of such inhabitant or inhabitants against whom execution for such damages shall be had and levied, which tax shall be levied and raised by such means, and in such*manner and form, as is prescribed and.mentioned for the levying and raising the damages recovered against inhabitants of hundreds, in case of robberies, by any act or acts of parliament: provided that upon conviction of any such offender within twelve months after the offence committed, any hundred, or the inhabitants thereof, liable to make, and having made such satisfaction, shall be repaid the Turns they have so paid out of the tolls of the turnpike where such offence was committed.

XLIV. And whereat great mifclness have crifen from mean per- fms acting as trustees in the execution of flub acts of parliament, mode for repairing publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as do not direct and require that the trustees thereby, appointed.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 287

shall be qualified to all as such by the possession of real or per final estates

to a certain value; be it therefore enacted, That no person shall Qualification

be qualified, or capable of ailing as a trustee in the execution of any such ad as aforesaid, unless he shall be in his own right, or aa*h*s

in the right of his wife, in the altual possession or receipt of the not fixed it.

rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the

clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to,

a personal estate to the value of eight hundred pounds $ or shall be heir-apparent of a person possessed of an estate in land of the

clear yearly value of eighty pounds; and unless he hath taken,

or shall, (not being such heir apparent as aforesaid), before he

alts as such trustee, take and subscribe the oath following before

any two or more of the trustees appointed, or to be appointed,

by or in pursuance of such alt, who are hereby authorised and

impowered to administer the same in the words, or to the effect

following; that is to say.

I A.B. do swear9 That I truly and bona fide am, in my own rights or in the right of my wife, in the actual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenementor hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of or intitled to9 a personal estate to the value of eight hundred pounds, (as the case may be).

So help me GOD.

Oath of tru» llecs.

And if any person shall presume to alt, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person who (hah sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by altion of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, proteltion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and such person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said sum of fifty pounds, without any other proof or evidence on the part of the plaintiff or prosecutor than that such person hath ailed as a trustee in execution of any such alt.

XLV. And be it further enacted, ^at all clerks, treasurers, surveyors, and other officers, appointed, or to be appointed, by any act or acts made for the repair of any turnpike roads, and their respective executors or administrators, shall, within ten days after notice in writing to them respectively given by the trustees of such roads, or any five or more of them, at a meeting held pursuant to such alt, produce and deliver up to such tru-ftecs all books, accounts, papers, or writings whatsoever, relative to the execution of such respective offices, which shall be in their custody or power; and every such officer or person as aforesaid, negldting or refusing to produce and deliver up such books, accounts, papers, or writings, after such notice as aforesaid, shall, for every such neglell or refusal respectively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Trustees acting without taking the oath forfeit 50l.

Clerks, treasurers, See. to deliver up (heir accounts

when required by the trustees, or shall forfeit sol. for every neglectJ

288 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

Mo perfoi*

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or keeping a persons who shall keep any victuallirtg-house, ale-house, or other publick house house of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any wine, cy- h l?1 keer* ale* spirituous or other strong liquors, by retail, shall

pUcVoi profit* y* capable of acting as a trustee, or of taking, holding, or cn-P*joying any place or places of trust or profit under the trustees of any alt or parliament made, or to be made, for erecting turnpikes respectively, Or of collecting the foils thereby granted and made payable, during such time as he shall keep such victualling-house, ale-house, or other house of publick entertainment, or shall fell any wine, beer, cyder, ale, spirituous or other strong liquors, bat be may by retail; but no such person shall be precluded from farming farm the tolls, such tolls, provided he employs at person to collect them who shall not be Under any such incapacity.

XLVII. And whereas the trustees of several turnpike roads arc not sufficiently imfiowered to punish nuijances in the several roads un-Trustees may der their care\ be it therefore further enacted, That the said chrea prose- trustees of the several roads respectively, or any five or more of nuisances^and them» at a publick meeting, may, and they are hereby impowef-pay the ex- cd, if they think fit, to direct prosecutions by indictment against peaces out of the offender or offenders for any nuisance done, committed, or the turnpike continued, in or upon any of the turnpike roads under their care revenues. respectively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to such turnpike roads, to be allowed by such trustees, or any five or more of them, at some subsequent meeting: provided that nothing in this act shall be construed to impower the trustees to prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, any person for any such offence, unless upon the confession of the offender, or that one or more witness or witnesses can be had and produced to prove the commission of such offence.

XLVIII. And whereas fraudulent contrivances way be practised by offenders, their friends, and other s % to evade the jujl recovery of forfeitures and penalties inflicted by laws relating to turnpike roads, by felting up colourable prosecutions with intent to favour offenders against the said lawsy and to discourage just and real prosecutions; for reme-Infoi mations dy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all for penalties, ancj cvcry justice and justices of the peace, before whom there favour theof- any information or proceeding for any penalty or for-

finder, are feiture inflicted by this or any act or acts of parliament made foj deemed frau- repairing and amending turnpike roads, and they are hereby re-cfulent and quired, where any information or conviction shall be set up or void. infilled upon, by way of defence, or to defeat any information or

proceeding, or any forfeiture or penalty inflicted as aforesaid, to examine into the real merits of such information, proceeding, or conviction; and if thereupon it shall appear that the same was not done, made, or prosecuted effectually, to recover and apply the penalty or forfeiture for the true and real ends and purposes for which such penalties or forfeitures were enacted, but to favnur the offender, such information or conviction shall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void to all intents, and purposes whatsoever $ and every such justice or justices of the peace

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 289

shall proceed to determine and convict, as if nd information or conviction had been made, prosecuted, or obtained,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where a sufficient If asufficiene number of the trustees appointed by any act or acts of parliament, number of made for amending or repairing any particular turnpike roads, l^a^atth^ shall not meet on the day appointee by any such act or acts re- first, or any (jpectively for their first meeting, or shall not mett on the day ap- adjourned pointed by adjournment for their meeting, or for want of a pro- meeting, the per adjournment, by which means, or by some or one of them, thVday^nd the intent of the said act or acts may be frustrated; in all or ei- give proper ther of the said cases, it shall be lawful for so many of the said notice thereof* trustees as shall meet, or the major part of them, or in case no such trustee shall be present, for their clerk or clerks, to caufo notice in writing to be affixed on all turnpike gates which shall be then etedted on the said respective roads, or if no turnpike gate shall be then erected, to cause the like notice to be affixed in the most conspicuous place in one of the principal towns or places neared to which the roads directed to be repaired do lie, and also in some public newspaper circulated in that country, at lead ten days before the intended meeting, appointing such such trustees to meet at such place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the first meeting of such trustees* if no such preceding meeting shall have been held; and the said trustees, when met, in pursuance of such notice, shall and may, and they are hereby required, to proceed and carry such act or acts into execution, in the same and as ample, and full a manner, to all intents and purposes, as they might or could have done if no such neglect had happened.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no No meeting meeting of such trustees shall at any time be adjourned for any to be adjourn-longer time than three calendar months from the day on which *nthrc*such adjournment shall be made; and that no business shall be months. done or proceeded upon by the trustees, at any meeting to be held under this or any act or acts of parliament made for re- bedontntxfor« pairing any turnpike roads, before the hour of ten in the fore- ten> nor any noon, and that no adjournment shall be made to any hour later adjournment. than two in the afternoon of the day on which such meeting made to an shall be appointed to be held; and that every act agreed upon^an two^n at any meeting shall be signed at the said meeting by a competent t^c afternoon, number of trustees, or otherwise every such meeting, adjournment, and act respectively, shall be void and of none effect.

LI. And be it enacted, That if the trustees appointed* or to If trustees be appointed, to put any act of parliament made for the repair of cause to

any turnpike road into execution, shall abuse or exceed their be

r n ? 01*. contrary to

power, by erecting, or causing to be erected, or continuing, or th€ir

causing to be continued, any gate or gates, turnpike or turn- the justices at

pikes, where they have not any power by virtue of any act of their quarts

parliament to erect such a gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, teflipn* may

it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace of^amoved.*

the limit where any such gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, is

or shall be erected, or continued, in their general quarter sessions

ago

Mortgagee*, in potkfkonof the tolls, are te account upon oath wuen required. b.y the trustees, or forfeit io I.

If mortgagee

keeps possession after he hns received the money due, he shall forfeit double the sum and treble costs.

On the death of a gatekeeper, two t/ultces may

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

assembled upon complaint of such abuse or excess of power in such trustees, in a summary way to hear and determine the same, and thereupon to order the sheriff of the county, who is hereby authorised and required to execute such order, to remove any such gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes.

LII. And be it enacted, That all and every mortgagee and mortgagees, that hath or have taken, or been in poiraion, or shall hereafter take, or be in possession of, any toll gate or bar, set up or erected on any turnpike road, or of any lands or tenements, the rents and profits whereof are appropriated to the repairs of any part of any turnpike road, shall, within fourteen days after he, she, or they, shall have received notice, in writing, from the trustees of such turnpike roads, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered and takdn by and before bne justice of the peace, or any one trustee of such turnpike road, an exact account, in writing, to such trustees, or to any person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such notice, of all monies received by such mortgagee or mortgagees, or by any other person or persons, for his, her, or their use and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at such toll gate or bar, or otherwise, and of what he, she, or they, have expended in keeping or repairing the same: and in case, he, she, or they, shall neglect to render such account when required, in the man-tier herein dlredted, he, she, or they, shall (Severally forfeit and pay to the said trustees, for every refusal, neglect, or omission, to fender such account, the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or by the tresurer or clerk to the said trustees, in a summary manner, before one justice of the peace, which, when recovered, shall be applied to the use of the respective road or roads whereon fuefi toll gate or bar shall be placed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such mortgagee Or mortgagees shall keep possession of any toll gate or bar, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons, on his, her, or their behalf, and receive the tolls or duties thereat, or of any such rents or profits, as aforesaid, after such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have received the full sum or sums of money due on their respective mortgage or mortgages, and the interest thereof, with costs, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a penalty to the said trustees, double the sum or sums of money, he, she, or they, shall have received over and above the sum or sums of money due, as aforesaid, with treble costs of fuir; to be recovered by the said trustees, or by the treasurer or clerk to such trustees, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record; which when recovered, shall be applied to the use of the respective road or roads on which such toll gate or bar shall be placed, or such relit* appropriated.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more trustees of any turnpike road, upon the death of any toll-gatherer, or gate-keeper,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84; 291

appointed, or to be appointed, to collect the tolls upon nominate an-such turnpike road, to nominate and appoint some other fit nex^meetin^ person in his place until the next meeting of the trustees of such of thetrustew, road, which person, so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like power and authority, and be accountable in the same manner, in all respects, as the person so dying had, or would have been, if living: and that if any toll-gatherer or gate-keeper, who shall be discharged from his office by the if the gate-trustees authorised for that purpose, shall refuse to deliver up keeper, who it the possession of the house, buildings, and appurtenances, which dttcharged* he enjoyed in right of his appointment to that office, within two days after notice of his discharge shall be given to him, or left feffiouoftbe at his house; or if the wife or family of any such toll-gatherer house, &c. or gate-keeper, who shall die, as aforesaid, shall refuse to deK- the jufficet ver up the possession of such house, buildings, and appurtenances within four days after such new appointment shall be made, him to be re-as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and moved, with may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where hi* goods., such turn pike-house shall be, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order the constable, or other peace officer, with such assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such house and premises in the day-time, and to remove the persons who shall be found therein, together with their goods, out of such house, and to put the new-appointed officer into the possession thereof.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the gate-keeper or toll- Gate-keepers gatherer of every such toll-gate or bar, and every surveyor of and surveyors any turnpike road, shall, when required, by notice, in writing, to account from the said trustees, or any five or more of them, render up- required on oath, to be administered by and taken before any one justice by tSetru-of the peace, or trustee of such turnpike road, a true and exact (lees, or for-account, in writing, to the said trustees, or to any person to be feit $1. named in such notice appointed by them, or any five or more of them, of all monies received by him, her, or them, at such toll-gate or bar, or otherwise, on account of such turnpike road, not before accounted for, under the penalty of five pounds for every such offence or neglect; to be recovered in a summary manner before any one justice of the peace, and applied to the use of the respective road on which such toll-gate shall be placed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no gate-keeper of any No gate-keep-turnpike road, or person renting the tolls thereof, and residing er to be rein any toll-house belonging to the said trust, shall be remove- moved as a stole from such toll-house by the order of any justices of the peace, in pursuance of any laws now in being for the relief or chargeable to regulation of the poor, unless he shall become actually charge- thepaiifh.&c. able to the parish or place in which such toll-house is situate; and that no such gate-keeper, or person renting such tolls, and nor redding in such toll-house, as aforesaid, shall thereby gain a bvVem^ethe Settlement in any parish or place whatsoever; and that no toils nor be to be taken at any gate created, or to be erected, by the trustees assessVd for the f any turnpike road, nor any toH-house cre&ed, of to be crcft- toll-house or

V 2 ed,0

Gate keeper* permitting a

freater num-er of horses, or carriages constructed

*92 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

ed, for the purpose of collecting the same, nor any person, in respect of such tolls or toll-house, shall be rated or assessed towards the payment of any poors rate, or any other publick or parochial levy whatsoever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any toll-gatherer or gate-keeper shall permit or suffer any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, to be drawn or pass upon any turnpike road within the view, or with the knowledge, of such gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pass through any toll-gate or bar with any otherwise than greater number of horses, or beasts of draught, or with any car-allowed by the rjagC construCled or drawn in any other manner than is before out*proper in- directed, or without such names and descriptions painted there-feriptions on as are hereby directed, and shall not within the space of one painted there- week proceed for the recovery of the forfeiture or penalty here-on, and not- by inflicted for every such offence, in the manner directed or S5r the same aut^orised by this act, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such forfeit 401/ neglect, the Turn of forty shillings.'

LVIII. And whereas there are or may be turnpike roads in such aaUessions*"a J}ate an^ "edition with regard to their repairs, and the revenues may transfer arising upon them* that thefiatute-duty required to be performed upon

Sart of the the famey or same part thereof may be dispensed withy and employed

aTC'h|Uty' more conven*entbtb* benefit of the other publici highways within turnpikeC to Parift> % toumship^ or place, in which such turnpike road lies; be

roads, to the it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ju-parish roads, dices of the peace, at any special sections, upon application to if the circum- them made by the surveyor of any parish, township, or place, federal road/n the situation herein-before described, to summon the clerk and surveyor of such turnpike road to appear before them, at some other special sections, and then and there to produce before them a date of the revenues and debts belonging to such turnpike road, and for such judices then and there to enquire into the date and condition of the repairs thereof, and also of such other highways; and if it shall appear to them, upon full and dear evidence, that the whole, or any part of such Statute-duty, may be conveniently dispensed with (rom such turnpike road, without endangering the securities for the money advanced upon the credit of the tolls thereof, and that such Statute-du-ty is wanted for the repairs of the other highways within such parish, township, or place; then, and in that case, it shall and may be lawful for the said judices to order the whole, or part, of such datute-duty to be performed upon the highways, not being turnpike, within such parish, township, or place, under the direction of the surveyor thereof, during such time as to them shall seem jud and reasonable, and the same shall be performed accordingly; ahy thing in this or any other ajft of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

Wales, at their shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, within the Michaelmas principality of Wales, at their respective general quarter, sessions tCintf al- the Peace> to be held in th# week tfter Michaelmas, to licensip*y an

require and admit of it.

Justices \n

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 293

an increase of the number of horses to be employed in drawing low an addi-carriages on any turnpike road within their respective jurisdic- tional number tiens, over and above the number herein-before limited, if up- °hcTthink fit! on enquiry into the (late and condition of such roads they shall y find any additional number of horses necessary, and, from time to time, at any Michaelmas quarter sessions, to reyoke, alter, or vary the same, as they shall think fit; and that neither the owner or driver of the horses so licensed shall incur any forfeiture for using such increased number of horses.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no toll shall be collect- fo/canri-ed or received at any toll-gate, for or in respect of carriages agesemptoyed solely employed in carrying materials for the repair of any in carrying turnpike road or publick highway, or for going to such employ- material* for ment, or returning after having been so employed. tUrhjP1hwa°act

LXI. And whereas it has been found by experience, that /mailfiones or*ays# being permitted to lie upon the land are a benefit thereto, be it there - "|^cryor fore enacted, That no surveyor shall gather, or cause to be gathered, ft0neg from any (tones for the use of the highways, upon or from the com- the common raon fields or inclosed lands or grounds of any person or per-}"

Tons whomsoever, without the consent of the occupier of suchofany person lands or grounds, or a licence from a justice of peace of the li- without hi* mit where such lands or grounds lie for that purpose, after hav- content, or a ing summoned such occupier to come before him, and heard !i(*ncc from a his reasons, if he shall appear and give any, for refusing his ot consent; any thing contained ir\ tfeis act, or in any act of parli- p ament, for making and repairing turnpike roads, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXII. And whereas many persons are liable by tenure, inclosure, Po*cr for or otherwise, to the repair o f certain highways, which having become turnpike roads, are more used, and occasion an increase of the expence road* to agree in repairing and maintaining thereof which ought in some degree to with persons.be laid upon such turnpike road: for remedy whereof, be it further liable by te-enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the trustees of such rc ta<str£Pair turnpike road to agree with the person or persons liable to repair suchnjad^ such highway, for the repair thereof, in such manner as they shall concerning think fit, and to contribute so much to the repair thereof, outlh? future re-of the tolls arising upon such turnpike road, or out of the tute-duty belonging to the same, as they shall think just and reasonable.

LXIII. And whereas parts of highways or turnpike roads, have Persons liable been, or may be, diverted and turned by legal authority, to make the to repair old, same nearer or more commodious to the publick \ and doubts have arisen, hlShv\a> 8 and may arise$ whether the inhabitants of any parish, township, ^stop^up place, or any particular person or persons, liable to repair the old high- shall be liable way or roadfo deviated from byfiatute-duty, tenure, or otherwise, ought to repair a to repair, or contribute to the repair of, the whole, or some, and Part of the what part or proportion of such new highway or road: for obviating new which doubts, and preventing disputes about the same, be it enacted, burthen*of*That the inhabitants of every such parish, township, or place, theo.d one j*and person or persons, who was, were, or shall be, liable as aforesaid, to the repair of any such old highway or road, which

t9+ Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84^ C1773-

hath been, or shall be, so diverted and turned, shall respectively be and continue in the same manner liable to the repair of such new highway or road, or so much thereof as shall be equal to the burthen and expence of repairing such old highway or road from which he, she, or they, shall be exonerated, by turning the same, as aforesaid 5 and that if the several parties inte-and if the rested cannot agree therein, the same shall be viewed by two parties cannot justices of the peace of the limit where such road shall be, and be vfe'wtd and felied, adjusted, and determined by thdm in such manner as settled by two they shall think just and reasonable; and from and after such justices of the determination of the justices, the inhabitants of the said parish, peace. township, or place, or the person or persons liable to repair such

new highway or road, as aforesaid, shall bear all charges and Agrofsor expences of indidfments and prosecutions for not.repairing the annual sum same: and if it shall be found more convenient to fix a grofe may be paid, sum, or an annual sum, to be paid by any such inhabitants,

af ree thereto or person or persons> towards the repair of such new highway gr e ere o. of roacj^ instead of fixing the part or proportion of such new

highway or road, to be repaired by him, her, or them, the said justices may, with the content of such person or persons, and also of the inhabitants interested therein, obtained at a vestry or publick meeting held for that purpose, and also of the trustees at a publick meeting, if it be turnpike road, order and diredfc the same accordingly; which order shall be, and for ever after continue, binding to all perfqp$, whomsoever.

If action be brought against a tro-itee, evidence of his being appointed a trustee, and acting as such sufficient.

T rea Purer s and surveyor* who have not already ghen fecunty, shall give bond with iurety to the trustees, (or the duly pay. ing and applying the money in their bands.

T nftees on the 30m bept next, to put n every toll-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any action shall be brought by or against any trustee or trustees of any turnpike road, evidence of such trustee or trustees having acted as such, together with the act of parliament by which he or they was or were appointed, or the order, or^a copy of the order, for his or their appointment or election, in case he or they was or were appointed or elected by the trustees, shall be sufficient proof of his or their being a trustee or trustees.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every treasurer and surveyor of any turnpike road, who hath not already given proper security to the trustees of such turnpike road, duly to pay and account for the money which hath come, or shall come to his hands, as treasurer or surveyor, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December next, and every succeeding treasurer and surveyor shall, within one month after his appointment, give a bond to the said trustees, with a sufficient surety, in such penalty as the said trustees, at any publick meeting, shall direct, conditioned for the duly paying and accounting for all such money which shall be then in his hands, or which he shall afterwards receive, as treasurer or surveyor, according to the diredHons of the several acts of parliament respecting such turnpike road; which bond shall be wrote upon paper without any (lamp thereupon.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the trustees of every turnpike road within that part of Great

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. S4. 295

Britain called England, shall, and are hereby required to put up a table or cause to be put up, and afterwards to be continued upon an^aVo^of the every toll-gate within their respective districtcs, a tabic of all the weights al-tolls payable at every such gate, distinguishing each toll, and lowed to each the different forts of carriages for which they are to be paid, carriage, vhere there shall be any variation therein; and also a table of and ^etru. the weights allowed for each carriage, with the loading thereof (teefto cxa* in summer and winter: and that the said trustees shall, and are mine, or cause hereby required, from time to time, to examine and inspect, or to be examin-cause to be examined, and inspected, every weighing engine which shall be ereCied upon their respective turnpike roads, in to fcc fh<*/are order to fee that the same, with the weights belonging thereto, kept in good are kept in good condition to weigh the carriages and loading order, with accuracy.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all carriages. Two oxen to wherein oxen or neat cattle shall be used, two oxen or neat cattle be considered shall be considered as one horse, for all the pirfposes mention- a# °nc horse. ed in this act, or any particular turnpike act, with respect to tolls or other things.

LXVIII. And, for the better discovery of offenders against this The chritfian be it enacted, That the owner of every waggon, wain, or a»d fumame cart, and also of every coach, post-chaise, or other carriage, let of VverywSg-to hire, shall paint, or cause to be painted, upon some conspi- gon, See. and" cuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels also of every of the doors of all such coaches, post-chaises, or other carriages, c^ before the same shall be used upon any turnpike road, his or her christian and fumame, and the place of his or her abode, in upon a, large legible letters, and continue the same thereupon, so long and common as such waggon, cart, coach, post-chaise, or other carriage, stage waggo", shall be used upon any such turnpike road; and the owner of or cart, where every common stage waggon or cart, employed in travelling the y travel stages from town to town, shall, over and above his pr her christian and fumame, paint, or cause to be painted, on the 1 wn 0 °*n# part, and in the manner aforesaid, the following words, COM- Persons using MON STAGE WAGGON, (or CART, as the case may carriage* be); and every person using any such carriage, as aforesaid, ^jthuta^h upon any turnpike road, without the names and descriptions defcHpttone, paipted thereon respectively, as aforesaid, or who shall paint, or or with falfo cause to be painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of a- ones, forfeit bode, on such waggon, wain, cart, coach, post-chaise, or other exceeding carriage, shall forfeit, for every such offence, a sum not exceed- thaiTio*/ ing five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the After Micha-twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and elmas 1776, seventy-six, the tire of the weeels of all waggons, wains, carts, lhc tire of ail and carriages, to be used upon any turnpike road, shall be coun- flat, 0'

terfunk in placing the lame upon the fellies, in such manner that and the nail's the nails shall not rife above the surface, and that the lole or sunk so as not Airfare of the wheels shall be quite flat; and the owner of eve- r»fe above, ry carriage offending therein shall forfeit the sum of forty fhil- theurtacc' lings; and every driver not being the owner, the sum of twenty shillings, for every offence.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

When the

LXX. And whereas the powers given by several turnpike acts are powers for ineffectual for the purposes of digging* providing* and carrying nut-JerUlVenl^g-ttria^ for the use of the turnpike roads therein described* and also $ng and twin-for the purposes of enlarging* diverting* and turning such turnpike fog turnpike roads* and flopping up* felling* and disposing of the old roads so to ke roach, making diverted and turned* and also for the making* opening, and cleaning fng* hedges0 of itches and drains* and the cutting and pruning of hedges and trees; ^nd tree*. also for the calling forth and compelling the performance of the

calling forth Statute-duty which shall belong to such turnpike roads: and whereas more the Statute- ample powers* under proper guards and restrictions* have been given* ine^dlual or maX^given* for the several purposes aforesaid* by certain clauses*

w, 9provisions* and regulations* contained* or to be contained* in the ad

jnoreample or of Par^ament made* or to be made* for the amendment and

powers for preservation of the highways in general* (which highways comprehend rhefe purposes and include turnpike roads); and it may be more beneficial to the turn-

roa^s' an^ to Publick* if the purveyors of turnpike roads were

*g way fiuthorised* within their ref pc Clive limits* to apply part of the tolls

and Statute-duty in carrying the said powers into execution* for the use the Purveyor and improvement of such turnpike roads; be it therefore enacted, of turnpike That the Purveyors of every turnpike road, within that part of road*, witii Great Britain called England shall and may, with the approbate n*c^t he t, on tru^ees of every such turnpike road, apply any part trustees, may of the tolls and Statute-duty arising to, from, or in respect of execute and every such turnpike road, in the execution of all and every the enforce these said powers, clauses, provisions, and regulations, which are, or and or The1^contained in the said act or acts of parliament, for the benefit of the amendment and preservation of the highways, and shall and may turnpike»execute and enforce the same upon and to the benefit and itn-roads, provement of such turnpike roads respectively, for the several

upon the purposes aforesaid, as fully and amply, but upon such terms, tCr7)8' a')d under such restrictions, and in such manner and form, to all in-strictions 111" lenis anc^ purposes, as the Purveyor of any parish, township, or the highway place, can or may do, or apply the same, by virtue of, or un-ad < der such act or acts of parliament.

LXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

bon shall be" That when any materials shall be dug or got by the surveyor of made by the any turnpike road, in the several or inclosed lands or grounds trustees of the of any person or persons, for the use of any turnpike road, by turnpike or under the authority of this act, or of the said act or acts, for such$materials t^e amendment and preservation of the highways, satisfaction as aiegotin shall be made by the trustees of such turnpike road to the owner federal or in- or occupier of such lands or grounds, for the materials so to be elofed lands Jug or got, and also for the damages in carrying away the same, or grounds. in such manner as satisfaction is or shall be required to be made for the damages occasioned by the digging, getting, and carrying away the materials in several or inclosed lands or grounds, by virtue of the said act or acts for the amendment and preservation of the highways.

Tb- forms of

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the forms of pro-proctedings ceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, contained in which are set forth and pxpressed in the schedule hereunto annexed,

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 297

shall be used upon all occasions, with such additions or variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the parti-^cular exigences of the case; and that no objection shall be made, or ^vantage or advantage taken, for want of form in any such proceedings, shall be taken by any person or persons whomsoever. # jor want of

LXXIII. Andy to enforce further a due ohferuance of this be ^rnJ*

it enabled. That every constable, headborough, or tithingman, ^rTand refusing or neglecting to put this act into execution, or to ac- all persons count for and deliver any forfeiture or penalty, according to the employed with directions of this act, and every surveyor of any turnpike road, friaries, re-and every toll gatherer, and all other persons employed, or to^cutefbe employed, by trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for the re- ^d wilfully pairing roads, as do or shall receive salaries or rewards, who shall neglecting to wilfully neglect, for the space of one week after the offence com- prosecute of-mitted, to lay such information upon oath before one or more ^twwkafter of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the limit wherein such the olRnce offence was committed, as by this act is directed, shall, upon committed* due information made upon oath before one of his Majesty's forfeit 101. justices of the peace for the said limit, forfeit, for every such neglect, the sum of ten pounds,

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Conviction no conviction shall be had or made by virtue of this act, unless upon what upon confession of the party accused, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and that any inhabitant* m* C* of any parish, township, or place, in which any offence shall be i^b^Sres committed contrary to this act, shall be deemed a competent notwitftfbmd-witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such ing the y live parish, townrtlip, or place; and that any justice of the peace in the place may aft in the execution of this act, notwithstanding he may be a creditor, or a trustee for repairing and amending the roads committed, on which any offence contrary to this act shall be committed. Justices may

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person although^ or persons shall resist, or make forcible opposition against any torsortrui^s! person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or Perst>na rcfift any particular act made for amending any particular highway; jngtheexecu-or shall assault any collector or collectors of the tolls in the ex- tien of theast, ecution of his or their office or offices; or shall pass through or assaulting any turnpike gate or gates, rail or rails, chain or chains, or collectory other fence or fences, set up, or to be set up, by authority of parliament, without paying the toll appointed to be paid at such gate or other fence; or shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obiiruft any such person or persons in the measuring or gauging the wheels of any carriage, or make any refeue of cattle or other goods, distrained by virtue of this act; or if any constable, headborough, or tithingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute and confta-any warrant granted by any justice or justices of the peace, pur- disobey^ suant to the directions of this act; every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, in manner aforesaid, shall, j^ace^forfcitl for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, not exceeding nqr less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the justice or 101. nor left justices of the peace before whom he or she shall be so convict-than +08*

6

tp8 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

cd; to be paid to the surveyor of the turnpike roads where the offence was committed, and laid out in the repairs thereof: and| in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said forfeiture, after such conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such person or persons to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county, division, or place, where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid. Penalties and

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures to forfeitures by this act imposed, for any offence against the woveredby ^amc> an<* co^s anc* charges to be allowed and ordered by

distress and V the authority of this act, (the manner of levying and recovering sale: of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), (halite

levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender* or person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the pmee for the limit where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen, and such order for payment of such costs or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distress and file, if any, to the party or parties, after deducing the charges of making the ferae; which warrants such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender, by connection, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnds or witnesses, or upon order made, as aforesaid; and the penal-How to be tie8 a°d forfeitures, costs and charges, when so levied, shall be applied^ paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the

surveyor of the turnpike road where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen, to be employed towards Jthe repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this act: and in case such di* If no distress, stress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it foil m*and may be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable to pay the same respectively, to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the limit where the offence shall be committed, or such order, as aforesaid, shall be made, for any time, not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, costs, or If the often- c^ar8es>hall respectively be (boner paid: and if such offender der lives out or offenders, or person or persons, liable, or ordered to pay the of jurisdiction the same respectively, shall live out of the jurisiMion of the of the justice, justice or justices, nereby authorised to grant such warrant, it wherehe^ive* an<* may I. ^awfulor any justice of the peace of the limit raay^proceS, wherein such person shall inhabit, and every such justice is having a copy hereby required, upon request to him for that purpose made, of the eonvic- and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby such forfeiture bon duly or penalty was incurred, or of the order for t^e payment of such prove.costs or charges, produced and proved by a credible wuness upon oath, by warrant, under his hand and seal, to cause the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, or the costs or t - charges

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 299

charges mentioned in such order, to be levied by distress and Pale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable, or ordered to pay the same respectively, as aforesaid; and if no sufficient distress can be had, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons, liable as aforesaid, to the common gaol, or house of correction, of such limit, for the time, and in manner aforesaid. N

LXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That no warrant of distress, of distress to unless otherwise directed by this act, shall be issued for levying be issued till any penalty or forfeiture, costs or charges, until six days after days after the offender shall have been convicted, and an order made and Ji(J5nconvic" served upon him or her for payment thereof. vnMtnm

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whatever revered, 00 penalty or forfeiture shall be levied or recovered on the informa- the evidence tien of the surveyor of any turnpike road, or of any toll-gather- of the far-er, or other person employed by the trustees appointed for re- 2r^.ther pairing the roads, and receiving salaries or rewards for their pi0yed by the services, and not otherwise directed by this act, shall go and be trustees with applied to the amending of the said turnpike roads respectively, Jalwricii shall and to no other use or purpose whatever; any thing in this or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding. roads.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every prosecutor or in- profeattors former may, at his election, sue for, and recover any forfeiture may recover or penalty imposed by this or any other act or acts of parlia- forfeitures ment made for erecting turnpikes or for repairing and amending J>«l°w4o$-on-turnpike roads, in the manner hereafter mentioned5 that is to tmn^forea* say; if the same shall not amount to the sum of forty shillings^ justice, but it shall be recoverable only by information before a justice of above 40 s. by the peace; and if the same shall amount to forty shillings, or upwards, it shall and may be recovered either by information, ^as aforesaid, or by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts &c. 7 of record, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of being forfeited by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to expLin^ amend, and reduce into one act of parliament*the general laws now in beings for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes 5 and the plaintiff, if he re- Tc? days cover in any such action, shall have full costs: provided that S^so?© there shall not be more than one recovery for the same offence; action and that ten days notice in writing be given to the party offend- brought, and ing previous to the commencement of such action; and thatt0 be the same be brought and commenced within one calendar month month

after the offence for which such action is brought shall have after offence been committed. committed.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That where any distress Distress not shall be made for any sum or sums of money, to be levied by unlawful, udr virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlaw- a

fid, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a tref- {^pafl-er, for pafler or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form want of form, in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or par- or irregularities ty in the proceedings; but the party aggrieved may recover satisfaction for the special damages. Plaintiff not to recover for any irregularity in the proceedings, if tender of amends be made before the action brought. Defendant may pay money into court.

Persons aggrieved may appeal.

upon giving six days notice after the cause of complaint shall arise;

and entering into recognisance to try the appeal, and pay the colts.

Justices, to whom no.ice of appeal shall be given, are to return all the proceedings to the quarter sessions. Justices at quarter sessions are to hear and determine the complaints, and award cods.

No proceedings to be removed by Certiorari,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84- [1773.

-ties distraining be deemed a trpfpafler or trespassers ah initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case.

LXXXI. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful For the defendant in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such proceedings, or orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions, where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done by any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act, except under the particular circumstances hereafter mentioned, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the limit wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise; such appellant first giving, or causing to be given, to such justice, by whose act or acts such person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, notice in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the cause of such complaint arose, and within four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions 5 and each and every justice of the peace, having received notice of such appeal, as aforesaid, shall return all proceedings whatever had before them respectively, touching the matter of such appeal, to the said justices at their general quarter sessions aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every such neelect; and the said justices, at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed; and the determination of such quarter sessions shall be final and concJu-five to all intents and purposes $ and no proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this act shall be quaftied or vacated for. want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.' 301

writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. No appeal to

LXXXIII. Provided, That no such appeal shall be made be.m*do a" against any conviction for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by f^ona 1 by virtue of this act, unless the person convicted shall, at the left the*party time of such conviction, if he rtiaH be then present, if not, give notice within six days after, give, or cause to be given, notice of his or thereof at her intention to appeal, and at the same time enter into recog- conviction nizance, or give security, with sufficient sureties, to pay such if present,penalty or forfeiture, -in case^such conviction shall be affirmed jf not, with-upon such appeal; and upon his or her giving such security, da3£ the further proceedings for such penalty or forfeiture shall be tcr^ntow*11* fufjpended until such appeal shall be beard and determined. cognizance as L.XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any oath is here- above, by required and directed to be made or taken, the justices of the Justices and peace of any limit, or the trustees of any turnpike road, (as the trustee* have may be,) and according to the several jurisdictions herein SnfftCr0ad--given to them respectively, as aforesaid, shall, and they are here- oaths, by respectively impowered to administer the same. T-

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or " ^need suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any for any thing thing done or acted in pursuance of this act; then, and in every done under such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted lt

within three calendar months after the fact committed, and not brought with-afterwards; and thejarae, and every such action or suit, shall in 3 months be brought in the county where the person against whom such after the of-action or suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit orfcPce com* reside, or where the fact was committed, and not elsewhere; JJe wunty and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit; where the7 shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and defendant the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had there- upon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have beenmay plead so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the the general time limited for bringing the same, or be brought and laid in^uc*and any other county than as aforementioned, then the jury l^all (bccial*find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or matter, in plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their evidence, action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; plaintiff or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff ^thcr11 or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover manner, the treble costs, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as jury are to any defendant or defendants hath or have in any cases by law. find for the

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and afterandteTsVo the twenty-eighth day of September, one thousand seven bund- have treble red and seventy-three, an act passed in the seventh year of his costs. present Majesty's reign, intituled, Atlanta explain^ amende and The Statute reduce into cue act of parliament, the general laws nova in being for of 7 Geo. 3. regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purposes rcPcaled* therein mentioned^ (except so much thereof as repeals the several .'acts

jo* Antto decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

This act i» acts therein mentioned',) shall be, and the same is hereby re-° c?m^?ce pealed j and that this act shall commence and take effect on the davotSept. twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

t7jy seventy-three.

THE

SCHEDULE

REFERRED TO,

Containing the form of PROCEEDINGS.

N°. L

Order of trustees for erecting a weighing engine;

At a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign his majesty King George the Third for [state the principal part of the title of the ad] held at the day

of 17

IN pursuance of the powers given to us by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King Geer^t the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads, we do hereby order, That an engine, proper for the weighing of carriages, of the constructions and weights specified in the said act, be forthwith erected at or as near as conveniently may be to the toll-gate or bar now erected upon the said turnpike road at and that A.B. the (Treasurer,) Clerk,) or Surveyor,) of the said turnpike road do contract with some proper person (or with C. D.) (in case the trustees shall think fit to name the person,) for the making and erecting such engine, and do insped and take care that the same is properly done: and we do order the gatekeeper at the said gate or bar for the time being to attend the said weighing engine, and carefully to weigh all carriages parting, loaded upon the said road, at the place where such engine shall be erected, together with the loading thereof, and to take the several additional tolls or rates for overweight, and give tickers of the weight of such carriages and loacting, when required by the driver thereof, according to the directions of the said act; and also to enter in a separate book, to be kept by him for that purpose, an account of every carriage so weighed, which shall, with the loacting, exceed the weights allowed by the

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84; 303

ud aft, and account to us for the money received for all such overweight.

(To btsigned by five at kajl of the

N°. If.

rABLE of weights allowed in winter andfummerto carriages directed to be weighed* including the carriage and loading* by the act of the thirteenth George the Third.

rjP O every waggon upon roliers, of the ] JL breadth of sixteen inches, - - J Sommer. 1 Tara. Cwt. 8 - Winter. Term. Cwt* 7 —

To every waggon with nine inch wheels, ! rolling a surface of sixteen inches on each 1, 6

[ 6 10

side, - - t

To every waggon with nine inch Wheels, 6 — 5 10

To every cart with nine inch wheels, 3 — 2 is

To every waggon with fix inch wheels. 4 5 3 IS

To every waggon with fix inch wheels, roll- ] I s 10

ing a surface of eleven inches, - - J r5*w J

To every cart with fix inch wheels, 2 12 2 7

To every waggon with wheels of less breadth ] 12 10 0

than six inches, - - J \3 J

To every cart with wheels of less breadth ] than six inches, J i« 10 X. 7

N°. III.

Agreement between trustees of different turnpike roads* for erecting one weighing engine for the use of such roads.

At a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an passed in the year of the reign of King George

the for [state the«principal part of the title of the act,] and also of the trustees of the turnpike*under an

aft, pa(led in the year of the reign of King George the for (&c« as above) held at the day of 17

for the purpose of agreeing upon and ordering a weighing engine, at the joint expence of the trustees, fir the use of the several

turnpike roads, pursuant to the powers given by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majrfiy King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads.

I T appearing to us, that a weighing engine may be erected at (describing the spet where it can be most conveniently placed,) which will accommodate both the said turnpike roads, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act; we do therefore order* faV. (as in the firm above mentioned) and

we

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

yve do hereby agree and order, That the expences of making and erecting the said weighing engine, and the sum of

which we do hereby agree and order, shall be paid to the toll-gatherer attending the said toll-gate for the time being, weekly, for his extraordinary trouble in attending the said weighing engine, shall be advanced and paid by the treasurers of the said several turnpike roads, in the shares and proportions following; videlicet9That the treasurer of the

road shall pay {One Half) {Two-thirds,) or, (Three-fourth,) parts thereof, (as the trusteesjballagree,) and the treasurer of the road shall pay

the remaining {One Half) {One-third,) or (One-fourib,) part thereof; and that the money to be received at the said weighing engine, by forfeitures for overweight, shall be paid to the said respective treasurers, in the like proportions, and applied by them for the use of the said respective turnpike roads.

N°. IV.

Complaint ta the court of quarter sessions of a turnpike road being damaged by excessive weights, and that there is no weighing engine upon it.

To the justices at the general quarter sessions of the peace for tbt (County) Riding] Division) of

WE, whose names are subscribed, being {Creditors or Trustees) under an act passed in the - year of the reign of King George the for, fcfr. [State the

principal part of the title of the act*] do hereby complain to the justices, at the said court, that a part of the said turnpike road, Iving between and is much

damaged by the carriage of excessive Weights thereupon, and that the trustees of the said turnpike road have hitherto neglected to erect, or order any weighing engine to be erected, upon the said road, pursuant to the powers given to them by the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads; and we apprehend, that if a weighing engine was to be erected upon the said road, pursuant to the said act, at or near the toll-gate at (or known by the name of the gate,) it would contribute greatly to the preservation of the said road.

Signed this day of 17

{If a justice of peace makes the compldint, the form will be os under; )

JHiddlesex.

I A.B. one of his Majesty's justices of peace for the said county, do hereby complain, &c. (as above.)

v.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

305

N°. V.

Notice of a meeting of trustees, for ordering a side-gate to be erected.

NOTICE is hereby given. That the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an act passed in the year of the reign of King George the for [State

the material parts of the title of the ad] will meet at the house of at on the

day of, next, at the hour of in the

noon, in order to consult about erelting a toll-gate on the side of the said turnpike road, at or near a place called.across a certain highway there, leading to

Dated the day of 17

A.B. clerk to the said trustees.

N°. VI.

Order of the trustees for creating a side-gate.

AT a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an act passed in the year of the reign of King George the for [Here fate the material

parts of the title of the a being assembled this day of 17 to enforce the directions of an. ad,

passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads fas far as the same respects the erecting of side-gates,) in pursuance of publick notice given in writing upon all the toll-gates erected on the said road, and also in the newspapers circulated in this part

of the country, for twenty-one days now last part; we do order, that a toll-gate shall be erected on the side of the said turnpike road, at or near a place called across a

certain highway there, leading to and that the following toll be taken at the said gate; videlicet, [Here infer t the particular tolls to be taken at the said side-gate.]

This to be signed by nine trustees at least.

N°. VII.

Order of trustees for permitting carriages with fix inch wheels to be drawn by horses in pairs.

AT a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads under an act passed in the year of the reign of

King Geojfge the for, fcfr. [State the material part of the title of the at7,] held at on the

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

day of one thousand seven hundred

it was requeued by several persons, that liberty Should be given to draw carriages with fellies of the breadth of six inches, by horses in pairs; and the date and condition of the said turnpike road being taken into consideration, and it appearing to us, that the said request may be granted without prejudice to the said turnpike roads, we do hereby authorise all persons who shall uie carriages with fellies of the breadth of six inches upon the said turnpike road, to draw such carriages with horses in pairs, if they shall think fit, from and after the day of

next, pursuant to the power given to us by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, /^r regulating turnpike roads.

(This meeting mu(i consist of seven or more trustees.}

N°. VIII.

Notice for letting tolls.

NOTICE is hereby given. That the tolls arising at the toll-gate, (or toll-gates^ if more than oneJ upon the turnpike road at called or known by the

name of the gate, will be let by. auction,

to the best bidder, at the house of at

on the day of

next, between the hours of and in

the manner directed by the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads; which tolls produced the lad year the sum of above the expences of collecting them, and will be put up at that sum. Whoever happens to be the bed bidder, mud, at the same time, give security, with diffident sureties, to the satisfaction of the trustees of the said turnpike road for payment of the relit agreed for, and at such times as they shall direct.

A. 2f. clerk to the trustees of the said turnpike road.

N*. IX.

Order of trustees for reducing the tolls.

At a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an act> poped in the year of the reign of King George the

fory &c. [State the principal part of the title of the act] held at the day

Cf 17

WHEREAS by the said act there wai no power (orn» effectual power) given (as the case may be) to the tfufttts to lefien the tolls authorised to be taken by the said act; we, 2 toboftj

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

whose names are subscribed, being seven or more of the trustees acting under the said act, being now assembled for reducing the tolls authorised to be tsken by and under the said act, pursuant to publick notice given for that purpose in the newspaper circulated in this part of the country, and also affixed upon all the turnpike-gates erected upon the said turnpike road for upwards of one calendar month now last pad$ and having the consent of the several persons intitled to five-sixth parts of the money now remaining due upon the credit of the said tolls this day signified and proved to us, do hereby order. That the tolls granted by the said act shall, from and after the

day of one thousand seven hundred

be lessened and reduced in the following manner j {Hire state the several reductions proposed to be made.]

N\ X.

Order of two justices for determining what repairs shall be done to new roads by persons who are discharged from the repair of old roads.

Middlesex. T T TE, two of h>s Majesty's justices of the peace for county, acting within the (Hundred) of in the said county, having (at the request

of the parties interested in the repair of part of the highway {or turnpike road) hereafter mentioned, who could not agree about the repair thereof,) viewed a certain part of the highway, [or turnpike road) described in the plan hereunto annexed, of the length of yards, which hath been set out

and appropriated for a new highway (or turnpike road) between and in lieu of an old highway,

(or turnpike road,) which hath been ordered to be stopped up* and having also viewed the ground where the said old highway was situated, and having summoned the surveyor of the said new highway, (or turnpike road,) and also A.B. (who was liable by tenure, &c.) If the old road lay in a different parish, and was to be repaired by the inhabitants, leave out the words in italick, and insert (the surveyor of the (Parish, & c.) of where the said

old road lay, who were liable) to the repair of the said old high* way, (or turnpike toad,) to appear before us this day $ and having heard what has been alledged touching the repairs of the said part of the said highway, (or turnpike road,) and having fully considered the same, and all the circumstances of the case, we think it just and reasonable, and do hereby order and (adjudge,) that the said A.B. (or the inhabitants of the said parish, &c.) shall, from time to time, repair, and keep in repair, the whole, (or a part of the said highway) from*to

containing yards in length at each end, whereof

we have caused a post, or stone, to be placed, to ascertain the extent thereof.

Given under our hands and Teals, this of 17

day

&00£

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

[1 773

(If it be agreed, by the consent if the parties, to pay a sum in grtjs, in lieu of such repairs, after the word (adjudge) insert (by and with the consent of the said A.B. signified by his subscribing his name to this order,) (or by the consent of the inhabitants of the said (Parish, &c.) of signified in writing, at a vestry or other publick meeting, a copy whereof is hereunder written) that the said A.B. (or the inhabitants, &c.) is (or are) liable to repair part of the said new highway; and that if he (or they) shall, on or before the day of

next pay to the surveyors of the highways of the highways of the said (Parish, &c.) of (if it is not

turnpike road) and, if it be turnpike road, (to the treasurer of the said turnpike road,) the sum of he the said A.B.

and his heirs, (or the said inhabitants, and their successors) shall be for ever acquitted and discharged from the burden and obligation to repair the said new highway, or any part hereof.

(If it be by the consent of parties agreed to pay an annual sum in lieu of such repairs, the form will be easily varied, and adapted to that case.)

I do consent and agree to the above order.

A.B.

N°. XI.

Agreement of inhabitants, at a vestry, or publick meeting, to pay a gfofs sum, or annual payment, to be discharged from the repair of a particular road.

WE, whose names are subscribed, being a majority of the inhabitants of the (Parish, &c. of assembled,

this day of at a vestry, or publick meeting, held pursuant to notice duly given, for the purposes of confuting about an agreement to be made concerning the repair of part of a highway (or turnpike road) within the said (Parish, &c.) of do consent and agree to pay the sum of

to be absolutely exonerated and discharged from all future repairs of the said highway, (or turnpike road) (or if an annual payment be agreed upon,) to pay annually the sum of

N°. XII.

Agreement between the trustees of a turnpike road, and a person liable by tenure to repair some part of it.

At a meeting of the trufees of the turnpike roads under an all, passed in the year of the reign of King George

the for [State the principal part of the title of the

adlJ held at the day of 17

WHEREAS A.B. of is liable by tenure, (fe.

(as the case shall be) to the repair of a certain highway

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

leading between and of the length

of yards, or thereabouts, and the said highway

being now made turnpike road by virtue of the said act, will occasion a greater expence to make and keep the same in proper repair than would have been necessary if no such 3lt had been obtained; and the said A.B. attending this meeting in person, (or by C.D. his attorney or agent, authorised to treat in his behalf) the said trustees and the said A.B. &c. in pursuance of a power given by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating turnpike roads, have, in order to put and keep the said road in proper condition and repair, come to the following agreement; videlicet, That the said trustees shall, on or before the day of

next, pay and allow the sum of out of the tolls arising upon the said turnpike roads, towards putting the said road into proper repair, to be laid out and expended by the surveyor of the said turnpike road; and that the said y/. B. shall advance and pay into the hands of the tresurer of the said turnpike road, on or before the day of next, the sum of to be also

laid out and expended by the said surveyof in the repair of the said road; and that from and after the twenty.ninth day of September next, the said turnpike road shall be kept in repair by the said trustees out of the said tolls, as aforesaid, so long as the said turnpike alt shall continue, upon the said A* B. paying into the hands of their treasurer the sum of upon the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, which the said A.B. doth hereby for himself and his heirs agree to pay accordingly, so long as the said road shall be so repaired by the said trustees, as aforesaid.

[Or if it shall be agreed, that A.B. shall keep the road in repair, upon having an annual allowance in money or Statute* duty from the said trustees let the agreement be varied, and adapted to the case.]

N°. XIII.

Order of justices at a special session, for proportioning the Statute duty, where there are two or more turnpike roads in the same place.

Middlesex. At a special sessions, held by justices of the peace for the said county, acting for the (Hundred) Riding) Division, (Ac.) of at within the said (Hundred, )

111c.) the day of ij

IT appearing to us, that part of the highway l^rng in the (Parish, &c.) of was made turnpike road by

an act passed in the year of the reign of King George

the called the turnpike road, and also

that part of another highway, lying in the same (Parish, &c.)

x 3 was

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

was made a turnpike road, by an a6V, passed in the year of the reign of King George the called turnpike road; and that, &c. [State the others in the same mannrr, if there ate more than two] and that by the said several acts, more than three days Statute-duty are required to be performed by the inhabitants of the said (Parish, &c.) upon all the said turnpike roads; and we having, pursuant to the directions of the act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads, duly fumraoned the surveyors of the said several turnpike roads, and also the surveyor of the said (Parish, &c.) to appear before us this day; and having had regard to the extent and condition of the several highways within the said (Parish, &c.) and to the tolls and revenues arising from the said turnpike roads, and having heard and considered the whole case, we do order, that the inhabitants of the said (Parish, &c.) shall perform (One) day's Statute-duty upon the said road called the turnpike road, (One) other

day's Statute-duty upon the said road called the turnpike road, £$V. under the directions and inspection of the surveyors of those respective turnpike roads, and the remainder of their Statute-duty upon the other highways within the said (Parish, Sic.) under the direction and inspection of the surveyor or surveyors) thereof.

A.B.

a d.

[The proportion of the duty to be varied as the circnmfiames of the case shall require.]

N°. XIV.

Order of justices at a special sessions, to take part of the Statute-duty from turnpike roads, for the benefit of cither highways in the said parish,

Middlesex. At a special feffons, held by iuflices of the peace far the said county, ailing in the (Hundred) of within the said county, at on the

day of 17

WHEREAS application and complaint upon oath has been made unto us by A.B. surveyor of the (Parish, &c.) of that the several highways, not being turnpike,

within the said (Parish, &c.) are very extensive, and in bad repair, and that a considerable part of the Statute-duty arising within the said (Parish, Sic.) hath been called forth, and required to be applied in the repair of certain turnpike roads lying within the said (Parish, &c.) which are in good condition, and have a considerable revenue for their support, arising from the tolls collected thereupon: and we having duly summoned C.D. the surveyor of the said turnpike road, to appear before us, to

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84?

fhcw cause why, the fold Statute-duty called forth and applied by him to the repair of the said turnpike road, Should not be with*-drawn therefrom, and applied to the repair of the other highways within the said (Parish, &c.); and upon hearing the said C % D. and receiving an account of the revenues and debts of the said turnpike road, and of the state and condition of the repair of the said turnpike road and highway respectively; and it appearing to us, upon full consideration had thereupon, that part of the Statute-duty hitherto employed by the said {Parish, &c.) for the repair of the said turnpike road, may be conveniently dispensed without endangering the securities for the money adk vanced upon the credit of the tolls thereof; and that such Statute-duty is wanted for the repairs of the other highways within the said parish; we, in pursuance of the power given to us, by the a£h passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Georgg the Third, for regulating turnpike roads, do order. That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next, there shall be only (One) day's Statute-duty performed by the inhabitants of the said {Parph9 &c.) upon the said turnpike road within the same, and that the remainder of the Statute-duty shall be performed upon the other highways within the said (Parish, See.)

[If there ar( more turnpike roads than one? or the whole Statute-duty shall be thought fit to be taken away* this form must be varied to fit those cases; the summons to the Purveyors will be very easily formed from this order.]

N°. XV.

Licence by the trustees for drawing with an increased number of horses up a steep hill.

Jt a meeting of the trustees of the turnpike roads, under an act passed in the year of the reign of King George

tie for [State the principal part of the title of the

a A] held at the day of 17

IT appearing to us, upon the oath of being

a person experienced in leyelling, that the rife of {part of) a certain hill, upon the said turnpike road, lying in the parish of called or known by the name of hill, between the post marked {put on) and the post marked (take off) being yards in length, is above foyr

inches in a yard, we do hereby allow to be drawn up the said hill, between the posts above mentioned, waggons, having the foies or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth erf nine inches, with horses; and carts having the like

wheels, with horses; and waggons having wheels of the breadth of six inches, with horses; and carts having the like wheels, with horses; and waggons having wheels of less breadth than six inches, with

312

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

[17 7

horses; and carts having the like wheels, with horses.

[This form is calculated where any part of the hill between those pojls rises above four inches in a yard, but if the whole rife between the pojls shall be upon an average more than four inches in a yard, before the word (above) insert (upon an average) which will authorise the justices to allow more toorfes than mentioned in the ail]

N*. XVI.

Certificate of the above order to the justices of peace at their quarter sessions.

I A.B. clerk to the trustees, mentioned in the above order, do hereby certify to the justices of the peace, for the (County) Riding) Division) of at their general quarter sessions

of the peace, that the above is a true copy of the order made by the said trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Dated this day of 17

A; B.

N°. XVII.

Agreement by subscription for advancing money to make and repair a turnpike road or highway.

WE whose names are subscribed, do agree to advance and pay the several Turns wrote by us, opposite to our names, unto to be laid out and expended in the

making and repairing a certain highway leading from to after an act of parliament shall be obtained for

making the same turnpike road, upon having the tolls to be col* lested upon such turnpike road assigned and made over to us, as a security for the respective sums so to be advanced by us, together with interest for the same, after the rate of per centum per annum, which sums we do hereby severally agree to pay by installments, in the following manner, videlicet, one fourth part thercbf on the day of next,

one other fourth part, (&c. &c. &c.)

Dated this day of 17

N°. XVIII.

Warrant from a justice of peace to enter the tolI-gate"house, and remove the persons therein.

Middlesex, To the (constable) headborough) tythingraan) of

in the said county.

WHEREAS complaint bath been made unto mt A.B.

esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, upon the oath of and other

evi*

3*3

1773.] Anno 10 decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

evidence now produced to me, that C.D. who now inhabits the turnpike or toll-gate house at upon the turnpike road leading from to

and was appointed to collect the tolls there, hath been duly tlif-charged by the trustees of the said turnpike road from any further collecting or receiving the tolls anting at the said gate, and hath refused, ' and still doth refuse, to quit the possession of the said house; and the said C.D. having been summoned to appear be* fore me this day, to shew cause why he Should not be removed from the said house, and having shewn no sufficient cause for that purpose, I do hereby authorise and require you, with such assistance as shall be necessary, to enter into the said toll-house or turnpike-house, and the buildings belonging thereto, in the daytime, and to remove the said C.D. and all such persons as shall be found therein, together with his and their goods, out of such house and buildings, and to put E. F. the person lately appointed by the trustees to collect such tolls, into the possession thereof, for which this shall be your sufficient warrant.

Given under my hand and seal this day

of 17

N°. XIX.

Notice for contracts to be made, for getting and carrying

materials.

NOTICE is hereby given, that A.B. surveyor of the turnpike road, lying between and

will, on the day of

next, at the hour of in the

noon, let the getting of {tons) of gravel,

or _ {tons) of done, to be got at a pit at

for the use of the said turnpike road, and will also let the carriage of the said gravel {or fione) from the said pit to where the lame is to be used and employed upon the said turnpike road; and all persons desirous of entering into a contract with the said surveyor, either for getting or carrying the said materials, are desired to attend at the time and place before mentioned.

Dated this day of 17

A. 5.

N*. XX.

Bond from the surveyor,

WE A.B. surveyor of the turnpike roads, under an a#, passed in the year of the reign of King George

the for [/late the principal part of the title of the act] and

C. Z}. of are bound to E. F. of in the sum of

pounds, to be paid to the said E, F. his executors,

2H.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

administrators, or assigns, for which payment we hereby bind ourselves severally, and each of our heirsj executors, and adeni*

nistrators.

Dated the day of 17

The condition of this bond is such, that if tkie said A.B. his executors, or administrators, shall duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay all and every the (urn and sums of money, which hath come, or shall come, to his hands as surveyor of the turnpike road aforesaid, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the said act, and of the Statute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third* for regulating the turnpike reads, then this bond to be void, or else to remain in full force.

(The bond from the treasurer will be in the same form).

N°. XXI.

Summons for any person or persons to attend a justice or justices.

Middlesex. To A.B. of

WHEREAS complaint and information hath been made upon oath before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, &c.) by E. F. of that, &c. [herestate the nature and circumstances of the case, as far as it shall be necessary to Jbew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the justice; and, in doing that, follow the words of the a8 as near as may be)These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me, (or the justices to be assembled at their [pedalftssions, to be holden) at in the said (county, See.) on the

day of next, at the hour of

in the noon, to answer to the said complaint and information made by the said E. F. who is likewise directed to be Jhen and there present, to make good the same: herein fail not*

Given under my hand and seal, this day of 17

N°. XXII.

Information.

Middlesex. T) E it remembered, That on the

JD day of 17 A.B. of

in the said county, informeth, and maketh oath before me'one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the said county, that

of

3*5

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

of in the said county, [here defer ibe the offence particularly, and follow the words of the act as near as may be] contrary to the Statute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads, which hath imposed a forfeiture of for the said offence.

Taken and sworn the day 7 A.B.

of before me I

N°. XXIII.

Form of conviction.

Middlesex. TJ E it remembered, that on the

X) day of in the year of our Lord, 17

at in the county aforesaid, A.B. came before

me C.D. esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, and informed me, that E. F. of on the day of now Taft pad, at'1

in the said county, did [here set forth the fast, in the manner deferred by the statute] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at

in the said county; and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared, that he was not guilty of the said offence; but the same being fully proved, upon the oath of G.H. a credible witness, it manifestly appears to me the said justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information; it is therefore considered and adjudged by me, the said justice, that he the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he, the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain for the

offence aforesaid, to bedistributed as the law directs, according to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

After the words ct being duly summoned to answer to the said This to be in-charge/* insert, (did not appear before me, pursuant to the said sum- j*rted where mm-,) or, (did neglect and refuse to make any defence againf thex^\^lffm feid charge; but the same being fully proved % h c.) as before. pear upon the

summons.

After the words " contained in the said information, " insert, Thlf to bc in-

(acknowledged, and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it ferted when

mniftflly appears to me, the said jujliee, &c.) as above. the party accused confedes the charge.

No.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1773.

N*. XXIV.

Warrant to distrain for the forfeiture.

Middlesex. To the (constable) headborough) or, tithingman)

WHEREAS A.B. of in the said county,

is this day convicted before me, C- D. efijuire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, upon the oath of G. H\ a credible witness, for that the said A.B. hath, [here set forth the offence, describing it particularly in the words of the statutey as near as may be], contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A B. hath forfeited the sum of to be distributed as herein is mentioned, which

he hath refused to pay: these are therefore, in his Majesty's name, to command you to levy the said sum of by distress of the

goods and chattels of him the said A.B. and if within the space of four days next after such distress by you taken, the said him, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the same, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said goods and chattels so by you distrained, and out of the money arising by such fate, that you do pay one half of the said sum of This to be to E. F of who informed me

varied accord- of the offence, and the other half of the said sum of

region of the to 7*surveyor of the turnpike road,

at\ in each (describing it)y where the said offence, [neglect, or [default,) happened, to be employed towards the repair of the said road, returning the overplus, on demand to him the said A.B. (the reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said distress, being first deduced); and if sufficient distress cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said sum of that then you certify the same to

me, together with this warrant.

particular cale,

Given under my hand and seal, the of 17

day

GD.

N°. XXV.

Return of the constable to be made upon the warrant of distress, where there are no effects,

I A.B. constable of the (parish, &c.) of

in the county of do hereby certify and make

oath, that, by virtue of this warrant, I have made diligent search for the goods of the within named and that I can And no sufficient goods whereon to levy the with-. in

3*7

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

5 n sum of as witness my hand, the

day of 17

A.B.

Sworn before me the day and 7 year, &c. C.D. 3

N°. XXVI.

Commitment for want of distress.

Middlesex. Ti the (constable) of in the said

county, fl/fd to the keeper of the common gaol (or, the house of correction) at in the said county.

WHEREAS A.B. of In the said

county, was, on the day of convicted before me, C.D. esq; one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, upon the oath of £. F. a credible witness, for that he, the said A. 5. [Here jet forth the offence,] contrary to the Statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for regulating tha turnpike roads, by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of And whereas, on the day of

in the year aforesaid, I did issue my warrant to the (iconstable) of to levy the said sum of by

distress and sale of the goods and chattels of him the said A.B. and to distribute the same according to the directions of the said Statute: and whereas it duly appears to me, upon the oath of the said (constable), that the said (constable) hath used his best endeavours to levy the said sum on the goods and chattels of the said A.B. as aforesaid, but that no sufficient distress can be had whereon to levy the same, these are therefore to command you, the said (constable) of aforesaid, to apprehend the said A.B. and him lately to convey to the common gaol, (or house of correction) at in the said county, and there deliver; him to

the keeper thereof, together with this precept $ and I do hereby also command you, the said keeper, to receive and keep in your custody the said A.B. for the space of three months, unless the said sum shall be sooner paid, pursuant to the said conviction and warrant; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient warrant.

Given under my hand and leal, the day of in the year of our Lord 17.

N*. XXVII.

Notice of appeal to the quarter feUtons, 1

A B. take notice, That I intend to appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be bolden for die

(county*

3*8

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85 — 89. [ 177*.

(county, &c). of against an (order, conviction9) or

other proceeding, (jj the case may be), [ particularly specifying the purport of such order, &c. and aligning the grievance, and cause cf complaint.

Dated the day of 17

C.D.

---

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, and commons, or waste grounds, in the township of Gowdall, in the parish of Snaith, in the county of York, and for draining and preserving the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for improving and completing the navigation of that branch of the river Trent which runs by the town of Newark upon Trent, from a place called The Upper Wear, in the parish of Averham, in the county of Nottingham, to a place called The Crankleys, in the parish of South Muskham, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, in the county of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act to continue the term and alter the powers of an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Second, and sixth year of King George the Third, for repairing the roads from the north end of Malling-street, near the town of Lewes, and other roads, in the county of Sussex; and for amending the road from the Broil-park Gate, to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil-park Gate to the town of Battell, in the said county, so far as relates to the road from the Broil-park Gate to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid.

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90 — 96. 319

CAP. XC.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the Guidepost on the Fass road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of parliament of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

CAP. XCII.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty-second year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well at the north-west end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called River Hill, in the parish of Seven Oakes in the said county.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for making and continuing a navigable cut or canal from Maugan Porth, through the several parishes of Maugan, Saint Colomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, to Lower Saint Colomb Porth, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, of the tenth and twenty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the town of Basingstoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the town of Odiham, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. XCV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends; and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardisley, to Almley, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said county; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Eardisley to Willersley turnpike gate, in the said parish.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for enlarging the term and varying the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several roads leading into the town of Ross, in the county of Hereford.

320 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 97 — 103. [1773.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston toll gate, at Bridgetown, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton hill, in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said first-mentioned road.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing the road from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foots Cray; and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twentieth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said county.

CAP. C.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and also the road branching out of the first-mentioned road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. CI.

An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cherill, through Colne, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the top of Cherill Hill, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CII.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from the way-post, in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stretford, in the said county.

CAP. CIII.

An act for continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, and ninth year of his

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 104 - 109. 321

present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CIV.

An act to enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the eighth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton, and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal, at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

CAP. CV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the Guide-post at the west end of the town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. CVI.

An act for enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two several acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and from the said town of Bromesgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the said road, leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley.

CAP. CVII.

An act for enlarging and altering the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the market-house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the north turnpike road near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a gate on the north side of a certain close, in the said lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the open fields of Cottesmore, in the said county of Rutland.

CAP. CIX.

An act for more effectually amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building

322 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 110 - 114. [1773.

a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Countess Wear; and for amending several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the present turnpike road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the parish of Shelford, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. CXI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Towey, near Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen; and for making the fords near the said town safe and commodious.

CAP. CXII.

An act for more effectually amending several roads leading from and near the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, and for building a bridge over the river, at a place called The Steppings, in or near the said borough.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and reads to and from the same; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river, at Redstone aforesaid.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of three acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

End of the SIXTH Session.

