Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the rood leading from White Cross, the parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county York* to the town of Beverley, in the said c.

Cap. 91. To confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agreement entered into between the right honourable James earl of Salisbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chaco, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Mi, to Lemnsford Mill, in the county of Hertford\and for turning and altering the faitj

road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreement.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty-third year of hi^ late Majesty, fog repairing several roads leading to the town of Oakhampton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 93. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the^rft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the York,

Staindrop, in the county ^Durham; from the said turnpike road near Smaliways, across the river Tec*, to Winston, in ike

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

said county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the said rivet, (it or near Wipfton Ford.

Cap. 94. Tot enlarging the term and powers of an act^ made in the tbiVty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and dening the roads from a place called Lit t legate, at the top of Leaden-ham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barn by Gate, in Newark upon Trent; gvide-pcfl at the

division of Kelham and Mufkam lanes to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the weft fide of Newark Bridge to the said guide-post.

Cap. g£. J*or continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the -hdiife in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in CradTey, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and

Salop, so fair as the fame relates' to the roads leading from the market* house \n Stourbridge to Colly, and from Pedmore to Holly Halit and from Colly Gate to Halesowen; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

Cap. 96. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, o^the first year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town tf Stone to Wqrdflcy Green Gate 5 and from the wefi lend of Bilston Street, vo Wolverhampton* to The High Street, The Old fiulh, in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt T ree, near Dudley to Birmingham 5 and from The Market Cross in Wolverhampton, Cannock; in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, end Warwick.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending and widening the road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south of Wortley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the road leading from Bawtry a fore said to, and through part of {fie town^of Tinflcy% to the place where the fame joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield,

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering the powers of an a$t of the fir^t year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Dartford to Northfle, and other roads therein mentioned, in the1 county of Kent; and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls anting upon the said roads, to the trustees for the care of the road leading from to Maid-

stone, in the said county, to be applied for Hhe purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term $nd powers of an act, of the tenth vear of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing find widening several rofids leading {o and through the borough

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Tam worth, and other roads therein in the of

Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

Cap. 100. For amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from the Willersley turnpike road, near to

<snip>

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of several acte. passed in the eleventh, twenty-sixth, and twertty-nirith years of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, andcross Cambridgfe Heath, Bethnal Green, to tbi

turnpike at Mile End, in the countya/’ Middlesex; # Cap. I16. To enlarge the term and powers of twoa&s", palp, ed in the fecund and eleventh years of his present Majesty reign, so far as the same relate to the road from to

the road leading from Ashborne to, near Thorp, and front the road between Cheadle and Ltek to the turnpike road above Frcgall Bridge, and from the same rpad to the road at or near

Ruebili Gate, in the counties of Stafford and

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for naturalizing Hehry Meier and Herman Diederut

f\ Retberg.

2. An act for allotting part of Minflerworth Ham, in the parish of Minsterworth, in the county of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow esquire, his heirs and assigns, in lieu of his common rights thereupon; and for allowing exchanges within theirid parish.

3. An act for naturalizing John Billet.

4. An act for naturalizing ChaHes Frederick Schmoll.

5. An act for naturalizing Frederick Tfcbiffelt.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain part of the forest of Mendipi and a piece of waste land called Wind for't Hill, fituaie within the parish of Shepton Mallet, in the county of Somerset.

7. An act for vesting divers manors, lands, and heredita*

ments, in the county of Hertford, late the estate of John lord 1

Monson, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and disposed of in and for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies and portions given by his will and codicil, and for other purposes there! f in mentioned. " I

8. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several 1

commons and waste grounds within the manor of in I

the parish of Almondbury, in the county of and for abo-

iishing or settling certain other rights or claims within the said

A TABLE of Ok STATUTES.

lend of his Majed/s woods and forests, 'with |nd ptViers, relating to certain wade lands, and other lands, in parish of Egham, in the county of and for veiling

o (acne in the said John Pitty^knd his heirs, in trud for his ajedy, his heirs and successors, and to effectuate the other poles therein mentioned.

go. An act for discharging part of the settled estates of John ri^ge CMwicbefquire, in the county of Devon*, from the fes and truds of his marriage settlement, and for settling other \ ipn the said county, in lieu thereof.

11. An act for discharging the manor of other wise

JBvanlty* and divers messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Imley otherwise Evaforesaid, and elsewhere in county of Northampton^ part of the estate of fir Baf-

fety of Tabidy Pari, in the county of, baronet, from the uses, estates, and truds, declared concerning the same, in and by the lad will and tedament of Frauds, late of hidy Pari aforesaid, esquire, deceased, and for settling another manor and other lands and hereditaments of greater value in V\eu thereof to the like uses.

, 22. An a&todifiblve the marriage of John Newton esquire, tiith Catharine Seymour, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for vesting the freehold and inheritance in fee of part of the estates heretofore of the right honourable rietta Cavendish Holies, countess of, and counters Morti-

wiTy deceased, in trustees, in trud, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the debts, legacies, and other remaining incumbrances affecting the whole of the estates late of her the said countess, which were deviled by her will, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for vesting in trustees a competent part of the settled estates of the most noble Henry duke of, in the

pari dies of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the, for the purpose of railing on mortgage, or otherwise, such fume of money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new dreet therein mentioned, from the cad end of the New Church in the, to the south end Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary cods, charges, and expences, attending the same.

f. 15. An act for vesting part of the estates of Robert late earl of Holdernejji, deceased, in the county of, in trustees, for a. term of years, for railing and payment of the sum of five dmuland pounds, charged by the will of the said earl on his ufifl estates.

16. An act for file of an annual fee farm rent of one hun-pounds, payable to the lee of, out of certain estates in pear Hatton Garden, in the county of, and for

pplying the money to arise from such sale in manner therein mentioned.

; i*7# Aa 4q& enabling- the trudges far fide of part of the

h* 1 settled

A TABLE oFthe StfAtUf

settled estates of John Newnham esquire, iti the counties of Hurt* ting don, Middlesex, and Sussex, and in the cities of London and

Canterbury, to make an indemnity to the purchasers of certain parts thereof, against the perpetual atinual Aims or payments to which such parts are liable.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and commotf

fields, common meadows, pastures, and commonable and waste1 lands, within the manor and parish of, in the county of Gloucester.

19. An act for dividing, and allotting in severalty, the opeft

and common fields and downs, common meadows. Common j pastures, and commonable places, within the parish of 1

Dev trill, in the county of Wilts.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing a cart or common call*

cd Thormanby Carr, within the parish of, in the north

riding of the county of York.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing certain opefn common fields, meadows, pastures and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the township of Bo lam, in the parish of - 1 ford, in the county of Durham.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures* and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor of Calverton, with the weft fide of

Stratford, in the county of Buckingha.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the opeh

fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, in the pa ifh of Orton on the Hill, in the county of Lehefter, and the lands within the ring of the said fields, reputed to belong formerly to the abbey of Merevale*

24. An act for dividing, inclosing* add allotting certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the pairfh of Wookey, in the county of

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the opeh

and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of Great Creaton, in the county of, and the hamlet

of Little Creaton, in the parish of, in the said county.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, and commonable places, within the parish of Stanton Saint Quirt*

tin, in the county of Wilts.

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing; the Open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds of and vrithifi the manors and liberties of Piddington and HacHelen, in the parish of ding ton, in the county of Northampto.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and incloting, certain open

and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and common downs, in the hamlet or tything of, other-

wife Northleach Foreign, in the manor of, and parish of Northleach, in the county of Gloucester.

29. An act for Inclosing and leafing a piece Of waste land*

called

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Called The Marsh, within the parish and borough of

under Lyme, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits fhereof in aid of the poors rates of the said parHn and borough.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, within the lordship or liberty of, in* the county of

Derby.

31. An act for confirming a certain piece of ground, part of the common of Norwood, in the parish of, in the

county of Somerfo, to the recttor* of the said parish; and for

veiling the fame, together with an additional piece of ground, other part of the said common, in him and his successors, in lieu of all right of common and tithes belonging to the rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said common of; and for confirming all the several other parts of the said common to the several proprietors thereof, discharged of all right of common and tithes belonging to the said rectory.

32. An act for vesting the estates late in jointure to dame Sarah Fowler widow, in trustees, to be sold, conveyed, and settled, pursuant to a decree of the court of exchequer.

33. An act for naturalizing Henry

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STAT UT ESat Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Francia, '& Hibernia, vkejimo secundo.

AT the parliament begun and Holden at Westminster, the thirty-jirjl day of October, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty-first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations,1 < t the twenty-seventh day of November, 17815 being the second session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitule, An act to empower

his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations on the

high Teas, or the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of the prettpble/

reign of his present Majesty, ( intitu, An a eft to impower Qf f

his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or fuf- yc. 9, peefted of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his recited; Majesty's colonies or plantations in, or on the high

fcas, or the crime of piracy;) which was to continue and be in force until the first day of January, one hundred and seventy*eight, and no longer: and whereas the act, by four subsequent acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and

twenty-first years of his present Majesty's , further continued

until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred Vol. XXXIV. B two.

2 Anno vicesimo Ikundo Georgii III. c. 2. [1782.

two, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the -

mentioned act should he continued for a further term 5' may it therefore please yoor Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (Tern bled, and by the and further authority of the same, That the said first-mentioned act, and continued tUl all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications Jan. 1,17S3. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. II.

An at! far granting an aid to his Majesty by a land U be raffed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two9 at4 r. in the pound.

to deliver up the lame on one month’s notice,

on penalty of 501.

Persons hiv- XVI. A N D be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, *Jjrir jfTL That all and every the person and persons afore-

hook$ fcid,now or at any time hereafter having mbit or thehr ctf&o- dy, keeping, or possession, any such books or papers aforesaid

relating to the land tax, shall, within the fyace of one calendar month next after notice in writing, signed by three or more of the said commissioners respe&ivdy, or a true copy thereof, given to, or left at the uiual place of abode of, such person or persons, deliver and give up all such books and papers unto inch person and persons as the said commissioners, by such notice, shall order and appoint; whose receipt for the same shall be a good and fufiplent discharge to such person or persons so delivering such books and papers:-and if any such person or persons now, or at any time hereafter, having in his or their custody, keeping, or possession, any such books or papers, shall refuse or neglect so to deliver the fame within the time limited by such notice and demand made, he or they shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds of lawful mo-Application of ney of Great Britain % one moiety whereof shall be paid to the the penalty, receiver-general of the land tax of the county wherein such offence shall happen to be committed, and shall by him be applied in aid of the land tax of such county, and accounted for by him accordingly; and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall sue for the fame; and shall be recovered, together with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of repord at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted Her majesty by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein *£* qUCM "0t conta*nc<* shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her ma-chargeable; jesty the with tfcc abovementioned duty or payment of four shillings out of every twenty shillings by the year, for or in respcdfc of any Turns of money or annuities given or granted i by

1782.] Anno vicelinfto fecuncfo Georgii III. c.j, j

by his Majesty to her said Majesty; but that such Turns of money and annuities, and her Majesty, and her treasurers or re-ceivers-general for the time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear of all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever j any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding. (

CXXVIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted by Certain parts the authority aforesaid, That so much and such parts of this act of this act li-as relate to the payment of the monies arising by the taxes and *2 re" assessments herein-before mentioned, by the respective collectors Sring’the’ appointed by virtue of this act, to the receivers-general of the present fe/&on; faveral and respective counties and places aforesaid; and also to the times and manner of paying the fame into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the said respective receivers-general as aforesaid; and also to the allowances to bex made to the said respective receivers-general and collectors, may be repealed, alter-tAt abridged, or varied, by any act or acts to be passed in this present lemon of parliament.

Clause of loan at 4l. 10 *. per cent. Bills to bear interest at 4L 10s. per cent, per ann.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing'and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon

malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one -

/and jwen hundred and eighty-two.

XXII. jfND whereas by an act, made in the year of his Claufts in an Majesty's reign, ( intituled An act for repealing the 6 Gto; 3«

duties granted upon cyder and perry by an act*made in the third c*I4* recited* year of his present Majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former acts); a duty after the rate of sixteen /billings and eight-pence per hog/bead was,from and after the fifth day of July,

/even hundred and sixty six, laid upon all cyder and perry which Should be madIf in Great Britain, and sent or to any fast or

or agent who should receive the same to sell or dispose of, to be paid byfiuh fast or or agent: and whereas by the said act it was provided.

That ij anyfaft or or agent /bould, during the continuance of an ait

of the said sixth year of his Majestysreign, for continuing and grant-

ing to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, and for the service of the year one thousand Jeve hundred and

be charged with and pay the duty of four /billings per hog/bead upon any quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon him or her as receiver thereof, such fa ft or or agent/bould, for every hog/bead of such cyder or terry so charged, Jiand discharged of four

findings, part of the said sixteen /billings and eight-pence; and it was thereby declared, That cyder or perry made in Great Britain no case whatsoever /bould be chargeable with mere than and eight-pence per hog/bead: therefore, to prevent any doubts or difficulties with respectto the charging or payment of the duties hereby

% continued

4:

Where the duty granted by this act on cyder or perry; in custody of a factor, shall be certified to have been charged, the faftpr shall be discharged thereof*

[Preamble.]

Number of forces 49,4-55* including 4,175 invalids.

Every officer, or private man, during the continuance of this act,

who shall mutiny or desert, &c.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4. [1782.

continued or granted, and to secure the cyder and, in the pof-

session of such factors and agents, from being liable to a greater duty

than cyder or perry which shall be received or disposed of by other

fons will be subject to; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in case any cyder or perry shall be received into the custody or possession of any factor or agent, for which it shall appear, by a certificate, under the hand of the proper officer.of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this act; shall have been charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or agent shall, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so charged, stand discharged of four shillings, part of the said duty of sixteen shillings and eight-pence; and that cyder and perry shall not, in any case or cases whatsoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger duty or duties in the whole (including the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the rate of sixteen shillings and eight-pence hogshead, for

or on account of the fame being in the custody or possession of all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in respect thereof.

Clause of loan at 4l. ios. per cent.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their

WHEREAS the raising or keeping

this kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of parliament, /; agaiajl law: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, the defence of the possesstons of the crown oj Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power in Europe 5 and that the whole number of such forces should confijl of forty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty five men, including four thousand one hundred and seventy-five invalids: and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or, or in

time of peace to any kind ofpunishment within this, by martial

law, or in any other manner than by the judgement his, and according to the known and established laws of this realmyet -theless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned

forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be, and that foU

diers who shall mutiny, or Jlir up /edition, or shall desert his -je/ly's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment

than the usual forms of the law will allow, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, being mustered or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in pay as a soldier, shall,

t any time during the continuance of this adfy begin, excite, cause, or join in, any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, troop,

or

5

1782.] Anno vicesimo fecando Georgii III. c. 4.

or company, to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces, in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer 5 or shall mifoehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully or abandon abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard, formers, committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to &c* defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame; or shall speak words, or use any other or ball induce means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or °*b*t0 do Others, to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to aban- tht like| don or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard, committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his post before relieved; or shall bt J or shall be found deeping on his post; or shall bold correspond- fleemng ence with, or give advice or intelligence to, any rebel or enemy ^efert his post of his Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, or tokens, in or bold cor- 9 any manner or way whatsoever5 or shall treat, or enter into respondence any terms with such rebel or enemy, without his Majesty's li- wi.th the «ne-cence, or licence of the general, or chief commander; or shall Majesty strike or ufc any violence against his superior officer, being in or qJi the execution of his officej or shall disobey any lawful com- or disobey his mand of his superior officer5 or shall desert his Majesty's ler- superior offi-vice; all and every person and persons so offending in any Of "t* the matters before-mentioned, whether such offence shall be shall suffer committed within this realm, or in any other of his Majesty's deat*j»or fuel1 dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land, or upon the fca, Scourt^nlsu*- shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court-mar- tial fail in.* dal shall be awarded. did.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That Non commis-any non-commi(Honed officer or soldier inlisted or in pay in any fio"cd officers regiment, troop, or company, who shall, without having first Si- -*er# obtained a regular discharge therefrom, inlist himself in any otherlfg?-*11* other regiment, troop, or company, shall be deemed to have ment, 5cc. to deserted his Majesty's service, and shall in like manner suffer be deemed death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be deserter* awarded.

General court-martial not to consist of less than ij, (except within the garrison of Gorce, See.) and the president to he a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain $ (except in the garrison of Goree, where they are to consist of five at lean). In sentencet of death, nine officers shall concur, except in the garrison of Goree. 1 VII.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Peferter may case of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, whensoever J* adjudged the court-martial, which shall pass sentence upon such trial, coi^aVroad* shall not think the offence defending of capital punishment, such for life, or court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, for a term of

B 3 adjudge

6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4.

[3

adjudge the offender, if they shall think it, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps Rationed in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a ' certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence: but returning and if fitch soldier shall afterwards (without leave from his Ma-without leave jesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he ration ?sch *PP°'nIC<! to serve) return into this realm, or the king-term, he shall dom of Inland, before the expiration of the term limited by suffer death, such sentence, and shall be convnfted thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. Proceedings That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court-®*!? nor any entry, or copy thereof, shall he charg-copies there. or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever any thing of, not liable contained in any former a ftdr acts to the contrary notwith-to fUmp-du- Raiding.

No waggon, &c. to carry above 10 hundred weight. No volunteer Viable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or nnlefa for a real debt of the value of ao 1.

Soldiers, while

LXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

confined for front the passing of this act, no soldier, being arrested or confined for debt, in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belong.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as

often as any regiment or company shall be relieved at any fta-

rdievtd in or-tlon or place beyond the seas, in order to their return to Great der to return Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or home, such of officers thereunto authorised by the commander in chief, at such Ration or place respectively, to inlist as many of the soldiers belonging to such regiment or company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for service, and to incorporate them in any regiment or company which shall be appointed to remain; and every soldier (o inlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to be, discharged from the regiment or company in which he before served; and the occasion of his quitting such former corps shall be recited in the inlisting certificate; a duplicate, or an attested copy whereof, shall be delivered to such soldier, to protest him from being any-ways molested upon suspicion of his having deserted.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-In what cases said. That this act shall be construed to extend to the islands of Jerfah Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man,' and the islands fey, Guernsey" l!*ercto belonging, as to the clauses therein for mustering and ice. paying, and to the provisions for the trial and punishment of

officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny or dcicr-tion, or any other of the offences which are by this act declared to be pumfbable by the sentence of a general court-martial;

and

debt, not to receive pay,

Where any

corps beyond seas shall be

the men as shall chuse may be inlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the Occasion of quitting fuen former corps to be recited in the inbfting certificate.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4.' 7

*od alia totbe denies which relate to Che punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the lung, from any (bldier or de* letter, or who mall cause the colour of such clothes to be changed.

LXXXL. And whereas it may hi expedient in certain cases* At often as it

particularly in such matters wherein any marine Jh*U be necess trees may be interred*that officers of the

udtb officers of the land forces for the purpose ef - ancj marine

tsal* be it enacted and dedared. That when and as often as forces nay it may be necessary, k shall and may be lawful for otipcers of fit in coqjunc-the land and marine forces to fit ia conjunction upon courts- ri<m "P°n mtrtiaJ, and to prate* in the trial of any officer or soldier of nwr* the land forces, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, ns 9 If such courts-martial were competed of officers of the land taking rank forces only j and the officers of the land and marine forces sore, in such cases, to take rank according to the fexuority of their of'thdrcom-commissions in cither service. missioni.

LXXXII. And* for the better ascertaining the number of effefiwe

men of the regiments ef militia* when embodied and in attualjervice* he if eroded by Ihe authority aforesaid, That, from and after Militia and the passing of this act, every regiment or corps of militia and feasible men, fencible men, when embodied and m actual service, shall be regularly muttered by commissaries appointed for that purpose, to be regu-’ in the same manner, and as often as the army is usually mutter- larly muttered* and the magistrates shall have the fame powers and autho- «d,*c* rides, and both officers and men shall be (ubjed to the lame regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as are imposed on the Officers and soldiers of the army by virtue of this act.

LXXXIII. And whereas the time of service in the militia is li* mited to three years* be it eroded by the authority aforesaid. Names of mU That the officer commanding each regiment or corps of mi- hmi men* to lida, or fencible men, shall certify, on the back of the mutter- Iths*

roll, the names of those men who are within six months of the of the expi-time of the expiration of their service, and also the number of radon of tlisir men which have been inrolled since the latt mutter, distinguish- service, to be ing the ballotted men'from thefubttitutesi and every man so^eblu^of inrolled shall be intitled to receive his pay from the time of his the snifter-inrollment. roll.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain* from the twenty-fourth day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March* in the year of our ‘ Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three 5 and shall be and continue in force in Jersey* Guernsey*

and Man* and the ifiands thereto belonging, as to such pans thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the thirtieth day of April* in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the first day of, in the year of

£ 4 our

8 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 5; [178

oar Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and shall be and continue in force, within the island of, and

garrifoivof Gibraltar, and in his Majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, as to such pans thereof as relate to those places respectively, from sche twenty-fourth day of, in the yfctr

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the twenty-fourth day of, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

- LXJCXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. His Majesty That, the ppwers by this act given to his Majesty of granting his

marrant to the warrartt to l^e governors of Minorca and, and of his

governors of Majesty's dominions beyond the seas respectively, or to the per-Minorca and son or persons there commanding in chief his Majesty's forces Gibraltar, &c. son the time being, for convening, or authorising any officer, c^urts-mar- the degree of a field officer, to convene general courts

tial, immedi- martial for the trial of offences committed by any of the fof*c£s ately after the under their respective command, shall commence immediately patimg of this from and after the passing of this a d; and that it shall be lawful for such governor or person commanding in chief, and any

officer by them respectively authorised, to prbceed and ad by ;virtue of such warrant from and after the day on which such governor or person commanding in chief shall receive the same.

CAP. V.

4h< act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while ou \

shore.

may - enquired of and punifred as under this

acts

XXXVII. AND, in order to prevent all doubts which may arlfe ' 1 1; f \ in relation to committed

former acts of parliament,made for the regulation of the marine forces

Offences while'onfbbre^ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all against former entries and offences which have been committed against any acts may be of formCr acts in that behalf, shall and may, during tb£ continuance of this present act,- be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this present act may be enquired of, heard-, tried, determined, adjudged, and pu-niflied:

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no pprfon shall be liable to be tried or punished for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed triore than three years before the ifluine of the commission orjwarrant for such trial; except only for the offence of deferrion. '

No volunteer liable to process, unless for fume criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of *ol.

Prdvfded no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial j except in cases of desertion

on,y;

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, from the patting of

Marines,while this act, no marine, being arrested or confined for debt,.in any d°bt,°not to Prison> ot ot.hef Plac?» shall be iatitled to any part of hi* receive pay. ,. j pay

9

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of hit return to the regiment or company to which he shall ' belong. -t

XLV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain, A* often a* it

iariy where a efficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently

assembled, or in matters wherein any of his Majesty's land forces may of the marine he interestedy that tfficers of the land farces should be officiated with and land the martne officers for the purpose of holding3 be it force*mayfit enacted and declared, That when and as often as it shall be JJL D]un^n necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the marine n|^!JiaJ>|,r _ and land forces to (it in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-mar- taking rank tial were composed of marine officers only 3 and the officers of according, to the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

CAP. VI.

An act for leeping the militia forces of this kingdom

the time therein petitioned*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publick, that the several regiments and corps of militia should he made and Jbept as complete as possible during the course of the ensuing campaign; find whereas the time of ballotting far many regiments and, or parts of regiments and corps, will happen between the months of March and December next enfuhtg9 whereby such regiments and corps will9 during that period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for service: and whereas the provisions in two acts of -meaty one modi in, the eighteenth year of his present Afafafty, ( iS Geo. 3c. 5f.

An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England 3 and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned 3) and the other made in the jnineteenth year of his present Majesty^ (intituled An a to explain, 19 Geo. 3x.7x.

amend, and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making ' certain provisions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland;) which were intended to prevent in fame degree this inconvenience, have been found inefficient: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and imme- Colonels, See. diately after the passing of this act, the colonels and command- of militia, in ants of the several regiments and corps of militia, in which re- wh°fe regi-giments or corps the time of service of any private militia men Smeoffer-vwitl expire between the first day of April and the first day o(De- vipe of any*

private men

to

will expire between April i, and Dec. i, are to enquire ofeverymb nun if he h willing to continue his service for a further term of three years.

Colonels, Sec. to return lifts of such men who are willing to continue, dtc. to the clerks of the general meetings, which clerks, deputy lieut. See,are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve instead of those whose times will expire as aforesaid.

Clerks of fob-division meetings to fend lifts of the names, Sec. of militia men. fwornintothe commandant of the corps to which they belong* Ac.,

Anno vicesimo fecando Georgii III. c. 7.

[17#

umber next enfu'ing, (hah, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the said a & of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to every such private man, and to enquire if he is willing to continue his service for a further term of three years, and for what fom or price he shall be so willing to continue it* if required.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such colonel and commandant of every such regiment and corps of militia, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a list as well of such private militia men as are willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose times of service will expire between the first day of April\and the first day of December^ next ensuing, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or riding, to which such regiment or corps shall reJpo&My be* long, in like manner as is directed by the said recited acts, or either of them and all clerks of general meetings, clerks of fob;* division meetings, deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, and all other persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the receipt of such lifts, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve in the milkia, in the place of those whose times will expire as aforesaid, and for that purpose to execute all the powers and directions given by the said recited acts, or any other act or acts of parliament respecting the militia forces of this kingdom, as if all the dairies, provisions, powers, matters, and things, contained in any of the said acts relating ts the preraifes, were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any militia men shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the manner herein-befone directed, the clerks of the subdivision meetings respectively shall forthwith give notice thereof, and transact a list of the names and places of abode of such militia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or corps of militia to which they shall belong$ and every colonel or commandant of such regiment or corps of militia is and are hereby authorised from time to time to discharge of those men whose times will soonest expire, a number equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in readinen to join his regiment or corps, so as to keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned.

CAP. VII.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of hi*present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organ-zined Italian thrown fiik in any ships or vessels, for a limited time.

Ad if Geo. |. c. 9. recited| and further continued until March *5, 1781.

i?*.] Ann* rioeirao fecundoGxokou III. c. 8.

u

Cap. vm.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

FtaunMe. 13,500,000l. to be raised by annuities, and 4.01,000l. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 13,500,0001, to be intitled for each soot, to an annuity of tool, at 31. per cent, per ann. and to a further annuity of 501. at 4l. per cent, per ann. the first to commence on the 5th of Jan. 17SS, and the other on the 5th of April, 178s, and abb to be hurtled to a further annuity of 17 i. 6d. per ann. for 7I years from the 5th of Jan. syts, and then to oeafe $ which mall be charged upon a fund to be efta-bhlhed this fefEon»and collaterally on the sinking ftind. To be paid each half yearly. Every contributor of 1,000L shall, upon payment of so L more, be infilled to three lottery tickets. Preamble; redting that books have heea opened at the bank, and the whole 11,500,000l. lor annuities fob* fcrih*4 the whole *05,000 L far the lottery, and 15 L per cent, dt-posited on each. All persons who have made deposits, pnrfiiant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions, viz. for the annuities 101. per cent, on the nth of April, 178s. sol, percent, on the 7th of May, 101. per cant, w the s$th of June, sol. per cast, on the 19th of ~ "

cent, on the eotb of re—ming 101. percent, sol. percent, on the sttb of May, 178s, 151, per cent, on the 9th of July sol. per cent, on the soth of Sept. and the remaining sol. per cent, os tfcenthof Q&ober. fiahscribers to the annuities and lotteiy to be allow* ed iatcrefi for all monies paid in advance, at the rate of 3l. per cent, per non. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscrip* boos, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof at the rate of 10 L for each ticket. Subscribers to the 13,500^0001. intitled to annuities of 3l. percent, and 4l. percent, as aforesaid, till redemption by parliament, and to the annuities of 17a. 6dr pdr ana. for years from the 5th of July, 178s, and then to cease. To be paid halt yearly, the 3l. per cent, co the 5th of July and the fifth of January, and the 4l. per cent, on the mthof October andthtethof Aped, and the annuities of 17s.dd.on the <fth of July amd the 5th of January ycadye but not payable till the whole nuns subscribed are paid. Annuities to be payable and transferable gt the bank of England, foe. Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received) which Audi be assignable. Camier to give Security to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury j and to my all monies received into the exchequer. Oommiffioum or the treo-iunr im powered to apply the money paid the cafluer. A book to be provided in the accountant-general's office, in which contributors names Dull be entered, &c. After contributors Audi have paid their subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the annuities granted by this act t which Aiau be tax-free. Subfeiption* paid in part, and not completed, the foam paid Audi ha forfeited to the pubtidc, and all right to their respective am-naities txtinguUhed. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the uus subscribed Aiall, in the books of the hank, be placed to their credit; and Aiall be assignable. Annuities charged on the fund to be establiAicd for payment thereof. Governor, &c. of the bank, to appoint a chief camier and accountant-general. Prom time to time monies to be tfliied at the exchequer to the chief cafiiier, for payment of an-naities created by this wSL Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed per tonal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant-general, wherein Aiall be entered all transfers of Aims advanced on this aS) which entry Aiall be signed by the party makingfuea transfer, or his or their attorney authorised by writing under hand and seal; and the party to whom such transfer is made shall lien his or her acceptance, and no other medwd good in law. Paribas pefleJfed of flock W tails the lame by will. A* GomnuAsoners of the treafoxy empowered

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8. [1782.

ered to defray tie incidental expences attending the execution of this act. The 31. per cent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 31, per cent, confols. transferable at the bank. The 41. per cent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the 4l. per cents* granted by the lottery acts of 20 and ai Geo. 3. The annuities of 17 s.

6 d. per annum for 78 years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of i, m, 4, and ao Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this session. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 403,000l. to be raised by a lottery j the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians having the * disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Every leaf of the lottery books to be divided into three columns, in each to have a ticket printed in the following form, to the number of 40,500 in each. The ticket* v

LOTTERY anno’ 178*.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-second year of his Majesty's reign, be intitled to such ben eft-da] Chance as shall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of the said act.

A. '

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the tafliiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cashiers return the books, with theundisposed tickets, with an account of the* monies (laid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread of (ilk j and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Other books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40,500 tickets are to be printed. 14,338 to be fortunate tickets, a of 20,000l. each, a of io,ooool. each, 2 of 5000l. each, 4 of nooool. each, 8 Ot 1000l. each, ao of $ool. each, 50 of tool. each, 250 of 301. each, 1,400 of 201. each) 500l. to each firth drawn ticket of the (irft five days) roooo 1. to ditto the 10th and 15th days) 20001. to ditto the 18th day) 3000b to ditto the 21ft day) and 1000l. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and put into a box marked with the letter (B). Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery’to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782, in the nfual method, and to continue from day to day (except Sundays, Christ-mas-day, Thanksgiving and Fast-days) until all the said fortunate tickets are drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets and sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging or counterfeiting, or canting or procuring, or willingly acting or amfting in forging or coun- forfeiting any ticket, certificate, or order made by this or any former lottery aft, or altering any number, figure, or word therein, or uttering, vending, bartering, or disposing of any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket, certificate, or order, or bringing any such ticket, certificate, or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers, or accountant-general of the bank of England, for the time being, or-any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention) or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire or command any person or persons to commit any such offence, felony without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them may cause any person bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited ticket or certificate, or aiding, abetting. there-in, to be apprehended and committed to gaol to be proceeded against according to la«r. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 501. reward. Proviso: attainder not to work or make corruption of blood, loss of dower or ditherifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn by two or more other managers. The oath. I

I A.B. at a manager and directorof:the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament* -made in the twenty second year of hie

Majesty’e

*3

1782.] Anno vipqfimo secundo' Georgii III. c. 9,10.

Majesty^reign, dofwear, that I wiH faithfully execute the trust'reppfed in me} and that I will not u(e any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to afe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the heft of my. judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right (foes belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame $ which shall intitle the bearer to a.cicket for evoy 10I so paid. Chntributers not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit the sums paid with respect to the lottery j and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commifli* oners of the treasury may reward the managers, as they shall think fit. The 405,000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this session, and shall be.paid to the proprietors, without any aedu£Hon,on March i, 1783, &c: Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Sec, and signed, &c. Mo fee €0 be t^jcen for receiving or paying

oontnburion monies, or for ahy receipts, Sec. on penalty of 101. Persons foed in execution of this act, may plead the general jfiue; 'and give the spedal matter in evidence, and recover treble costs.

CAP. IX.

An Act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed, by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the (enrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one $ and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great JBriuin, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

CAP. X.

Ana& for Aht bitter detaining, and more easy exchange of American

prisoners brought into Great Britain,

WHEREAS, ftnee the commencement of the, exchanges of prisoners taken in America, or conveyed to Ame-

rica, have been there regularly made, with advantage to his Majesty's service: and whereas it may be likewise convenient for the said fervid, that American prisoners brought into Great Britain should be detained, and exchanged, in the same manner, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, during the continuance of the present hostilities, to hold and detain in such prisons or places within Great Britain, as to his wisdom shall seem fit, as prisoners of war, all natives or other inhabitants of the thirteen revolted colonies not at hiis Majesty's peace, who have been, or shall be, taken by iea or land, and brought into Great Britain: and it

[Preamble.]

His Majesty authoris'd to detain, as pri. foners of war, all inhabitants of the revolted coloniestaken, and brought into Great Britain;

i

»4 Aoao viceSnao fecundoOteoROll III. C.

[178

and also to shall be lawful for his Majesty to discharge any persan or per-mchanfefUch ®sns «nd detained a* prisoner or prisoners of war, either rriS/to. absolutely, or upon such conditions, and with such limitations* or for such a time, as his Majesty shall deem proper; as aUb to authorise any commissioner or commissioners to discharge or exchange all and every person and persons as aforesaid, accord* ing to the custom and usage of war, and the law of nations regard being had in the said exchanges relative to officers in his Majesty's service, whether the said officers have been made pri-loners in Amtrua or elsewhere, to the rank of the said prisoners and the length of time (ince they have been taken: and the de-tendon, enlargement, or exchange aforesaid, shall be good and valid, any warrant of commitment, or cause therein expressed, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XL

An act for allowing farther time to negodate, by indorsement, the bonds issued in pursuance of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually carrying into execution certain proposals made by the most noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the most noble Charles duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the annuities granted by the company of the bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company,

Act >4 Geo. 3. e. as. recited. Bonds issued by the duke of Buccleugh, Arc. for 500,000l. only *13,3001. part thereof paid and by the great fall in the price of lands, Sec. the remainder cannot be paid off within the time limited by the said former act, therefore enacted, that tha outstanding bonds to be negotiable until June 14, 17S6, and no longer. This declared a publick act.

CAP. XII.

An act for making comnenfodon to the proprietors of certain meffuagra. lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of two aft* of parliament, one made, in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better fecup-ing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheernofo and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort j and the other in the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and amending so much of the find aft as relates to the focunty of his Majesty's docks; ships, and (lores, at Plymouth j and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at or near Plymouth, who have (hfounea any loft or damage in consequence of the said acts.

Recital of *0 Geo. 3. c. 3l. His Majesty* letters patent, dated Aug. %69 1780; and aft *1 Geo. 3. c. 61. Private aft 10 Geo. 3. No. 4S. to enable George lord Edgcumbe to grant building leases of lands. See. within the manor of Stonehoufo, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the county of Devon, recited. Commissioners met in the parish of Antony, on Aug. 17, 1781, in the county of Cornwall, and upon the inquest oft twelve lawful men returned by the sheriff, decreed that the value of the messuages, lands. Sec, in Cornwall, in the said aft *1 Geo. 3. mentioned, including two (mail fom» to be paid as a fttisfaction for the damages done to a ropewalk hitherto extending on a (mail part of the lands, by taking the Oune for the use of the publick, was 5,954k 18s. aid. in which sum was included the fom of 1,4*81. os. 9d. halfpenny, as the value of lands belonging to admiral

iTf*! Anno vicesimo fecund© Georgii III. c. 72.

miral Thomas Graves, and core prized in his marriage settlement. Another meeting, bad on Sep. 3,1a the town of Dock, in the county of Devon t when the coaunUfionera on the like ioquest decreed, that the value of the lands, tenements, &c. in the hud county, mentioned in the said act, including money allowed for cods, damages and expences of the owners and occupiers of lands, &c. revetted, was 10,0591. 6 s. 6 d. exclusive of lands, &c. of lord viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Valletort, in the manor of Stoochouse, and in the said lam was included *,7*81. *s. 6d. as the valpe of lands in the parish of Maker, belonging to the said lord Edg-cumbe, See. comprized in his marriage settlement. And as to the lands, &c. in the manor of Stonehouse, the said lord Edgcumbe had proposed to grant a lease thereof for 99 years, if three persons nominated on behalf of his Majesty should to long live, and at the yearly rent of 361. 7 $. 6‘d. (being at the rate of 6d. per perch) payable at Lady>day and Michaelmas dear of all taxes: which proposal was approved ot by the commissioners. A lease made and executed, dated Sept. *9, 1781. 16,4141. 5s. jd. with interest, to be applied for making compensation to proprietors of lands, &c. in Devonfeire and Cornwall. Surveyor-general of the ordnance to make out bills for the several sums adjudged to the proprietors of lands, &c. Debentures to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid by the treasurer, To be paid according to the respective decrees of the commissioners. 1,4*8l. os. 9d. halfpenny, the sum found to be the value of the lands of admiral Graves, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to invest the fame in the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled'to the same uses, &c. as the former lands; or place it oat at interest. 1,718l. as. 6d. the sum found to be the value of the lands of lord Edgcumbe, in the parish of Maker, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to invest the fame fa the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled to the same uses, Ac, as the former lands; or to place it out at Interest. Trustees answerable for their own negleds only. The 401. decreed to be paid to the' dean and canoos of the chapel of St. George in Windsor Cattle, shall be paid to their appointee, as a compensation ter their tithes arising from lands in the county of Devon, within the parish of Plymstock, to be laid oat in the purchase of mefiuaget, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee simple, to be conveyed to the use of the said dean and canons, and their faccessors for ever, and instead of interest 1. per ann. to be deducted out of John Harris's rent for the remainder of his term of *1 years. All the ferns of money to be made payable by debentures (except the three sum* befarementioned) shall be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer; who shall sign a certificate to the barons of the exchequer on the receipt of each sum respectively. Such Turns of money to be paid by the deputy remembrancer into the bank. Barons of the exchequer impowered to make orders for payment of money to persons intitled to receive the same, &c. The vicar of Anthony, reftor of Stoke Damerell, and vicar of Maker, to have the yearly income of the money allotted to them. Talc-fag the said valued lands for the use of his Majesty, exempt from taxes, (haD not affect other lands in the same parish with regard to taxes, but the same shall remain subject to taxes as before. 1051. with interest, shall be paid to the deputy remembrancer for a parcel of an undivided eighth part of land and a boathouse in the possession of Warwick Calmady. Barons of the exchequer to enquire who is intitled to the said land and boathouse; and to order *01. to be paid to the owner of the boathouse. Directions for the barons of the exchequer relative to the disposal of 135l. fat thfc aforementioned lands in the parish of Plymstock, to be paid to the ftirfeo appearing intitled thereto in fee Ample; but if only for some limited state or interest, then to be settled accordingly and if it appears that Warwick Calmady bath been in the uninterrupted possession or the said undivided eighth part of the lands in the parish of Plymstock for *0 years, *d no other person shall make out any title thereto, the court may order the said 1351. and interest to be paid to the said Warwick Calmady. Beery part of the firm of 1951. to be at the disposal of the exchequer. On the death or removal of the deputy remembrancer, mortgages, &c. to vest m hit succesbr. If the remembrancerihouM execute the office in person,

then

*5

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii c. 13,14. [1782.

then the powers by this a ft veiled In the deputy, shall vest In the remembrancer. In case persons capable of receiving debentures shall neglect to take 1 he fame, Sec. after a month's notice in the London Gazette, to be deposited by the clerk of the ordnance with the clerk of the peace of the county where the lands, dec. lie. The lease granted by lord Edgcumbe to fir Richard Sutton confirmed. Sir Richard Sutton to be indemnified with respect to rent, &c. referred in the said lease, by the officers of the ordnance. Limitation of actions for acting under this act to be in six months and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence, and have treble costs.

CAP. XIII.

Act act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the (ilk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indico) to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made fail doth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships j to the allowing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the pro-testion of his Majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper ill bars, or copper in (heets; and to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

3} Geo. «. c. 17, for the encouragement of making sail cloth in Great Britain, further continued until Sept, ay, 1788, So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 15, as relates to the encouragement of silk manufactures, &c. further continued until June *4, 1788, &c. 7 Geo. a. c. it, for the free importation of cochineal and indico, further continued until Sept. 29, 1788, &c. So much of is Geo. a. c. 36, for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, &c. as relates to prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first written and printed in Great Britain, further continued until Sept, so, 1788, &c. 19 Geo. a. c. 17, for securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, &c. further continued until June 14, 1788, See. so Geo. 3. c. 31, for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn in neutral ships, further continued until March a5, 1783, Sec. o Geo. 3. c. 46. for allowing the exportation of provisions, Sec. to certain places in North America, further continued until June 1, 1783. so Geo. 3. c. 59, impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, Sec. of copper in bars or meets, further continued until May 1, 1783. So much of 16 Geo.

i. c. 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, &c. to his Maje-y’s sugar colonies in America, further continued until May 1, 1783.

CAP. XIV.

An act to explain, amend, and render riiore effectual, an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcester, to join the Stafford shire and Worcestershire canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford 3 and also two coL latei al cuts therein mentioned.

Act 16 Geo. 3. c. a8. recited. Powers of the act have been carried into execution, and the proprietors have expended the further (urns of 50001. I cool, and 1330l. Power to raise a further sum of 10,000).; which sum, as well as 30001, already raised, shall be made pait of the company's

capital.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. 15 - 18.

capital. To enable executor*. Sec,to answer calls. The said 13 301. and

interest to be first paid off. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered be* fore justices of the peace by distress of goods, and in default thereof, three months imprisonment. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. To be a publick act.

CAP. XV.

An act for the relief of naval officers, seamen, marines, and foldiefs/wHh> respect to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Act 1 6 Geo. 3. c. 5. recited. 17 Geo. 3. c. f. 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. so Geo. 3. c. *3. si Geo. 3. c. 15. Seamen, Scc. inti tied to their prize or bounty money, if they claim it within four yean after it shall become due to Greenwich hospital i provided they prove to the directors of the said hospital their inability to claim the fame within the time limited by the recited acts: and the said directon may order the same to be refunded, if paid to the hospital. And if not, to be paid to such seamen, as soon as received by their treasurer or his deputy, who is to be allowed such payment on passing his account.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen so serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

from the passing of this act uritil March *5, 1783, merchant ships, See, may be navigated by three fourths foreign teamen, notwithstanding the navigation act is Car. s. c. 18. This act not to restrain any royal proclamation to be made pursuant to an act 13 Geo. s. c. 3.

Cap. xvii.

An act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godal* ming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cobhtm bridge kept in repair at the joint expence of Tho. Page, Esqi lord of the manor of Cobham, Richard Palmer,]). D. and Tho. Hixrft, ECqj lords of the manor of Walton upon Thames, by reason of the tenure of their respective estates. Leatherhead bridge at the joint expence of the parishes of Leatherhead and* Fetcham, with the aid of the income of certain small parcels of land of the annual value of 18 shillings, and Godalming bridge at the expence of Jane More Molyneux, fplniter, by reason of the tenure of her estate. The bridges to be deemed county bridges, and repaired as such. Allowing an appeal against the proportion of county rates. The old bridges vested in the clerk of the peace. Proprietors of Cobham bridge to pay 4001. to the county treasurer. Certain pieces of land in Leatherhead to be sold for the purposes of this act. Power to dig earth and make bricks. Expences of this act to be paid by the trea-farer of the county out of money in his hands. Actions for acting under this act not till thirty days after notice, nor after three calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble cons. To be a publick act.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for continuing the term and powers of ari aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for laying a duty of pinnies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Act 33 Geo. a. c. 53, recited, and further continued for at years* This a publick act.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 19 - 21. [1782.

18

CAP. XIX.

An act for granting an additional bounty on fliijis employed in the Green* land and whale fishery, lor a limited time.

Act 11 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited. An additional bounty of xos. per ton to he paid for all British ship* which shall proceed from this kingdom cm the Greenland fishery, for five years, from the 25th of Doc. 1781, under the regulations in the receited act. Vessels, not provided with their full complement of men, may proceed to Lerwick in Shetland, and complete the number there; provided not more than two men are wanted for every tons burthen; and upon their return from the fishery, the men taken in at Lerwick may be set on shore there. And the matter or owners, on producing a proper certificate, &c. to the officer at the port of arrival; and the master or mate making oath that the men so taken on board at Lerwick, proceeded from thence on the said fishery, and continued on board during the time the ship was employed on that business, shall be intitlod to the bounty granted by this act.

CAP. XX.

An act to revive and further continue an act, made i*» the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs' lard, and greale.

Act 7 Geo. 3. c. 1a. recited, revived, and further continued nn$l Marcia *5» *7*5*

CAP. XXL

An act to extend so much of two acts, of the twentieth and twenty-first years of his present Majesty's reign, as relate to the sale of, and ascertaining the duties upon, Bast India goods, to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or any country within the limits of the East India company's charter, which have been, or shall, during the present hostilities, be brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize; for equalizing the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign snuff into this kingdom; and for preventing the importation and running of foreign Spirituous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in veficis fitted out and ai med as privateers.

Recital of to Geo. 3. c. 9. and sr Geo. 3. c. 5. The recited acts, (o far as they relate to goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of the East Indies, extended to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or other part of the East Indies, which has been, or shall be, during the present hostilities, brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize. Recital of 12 Geo. 1.0*26. After May 1, 178s, french snuff to pay the same duties on importation as other foreign snuff. Foreign snuff imported after May j, 1782. to be loose in calks, chests, or cases, each containing three hundred and fifty pounds weight of not snuff at least, and not to be packed in bags, or in any other packages, in such calk, chest, or case, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such snuff as shall be imported contrary ro this act, together with all the calks, chests, cases, or other package containing the fame; and such snuff may be seized by any officer of the customs, and sued for, prosecuted, and disposed of in the same manner, and the officer so seizing be intitled to, and allowed the fame reward as directed by the act *4 Geo. a c. 41. for seem ing the duties upon tobacco. Privateers which shall be found at sea in any part of this kingdom at any distance from the coasts thereof, having on board foreign, bfrindy or other spirits in any vrffel less than 60 gallons, (except for the

id tu.* lUiicii. of the seamen on board), or tea, not exceeding six pounds weight, or

any

i78$.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.aa-^a

*ny other goods whatsoever, liable to forfeiture on being imported, then not only afi such goods, but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel to be forfeited, and the fame may be carried and delivered into the care and cutady of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs, at any port in this kingdom, which shall be nearest to the place where such ship or vessel shall be found, and the fame may be seized, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, by such ways and rules, and in such manner and form, as such veflVls and goods would be liable to by any l?w in force, If the fame had been found within the limits of any port of this kingdom and the letters of marque or general reprizal, or any other coinmifliorf granted for such ship or vessel, to be null and void.

CAP. XXII.

An act for better securing the duties payable by virtue of an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coals; culm, and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk.

Act 5 Anna?,c, 7. recited. After June 1. 1781, the importers of coals, colm and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth, shall, previous to the clearing of the ship at the customhouse, deliver to the water bailiff a signed account of the names of the owners. &c.upon oath. Any freeman of the corporation importing coals, fiec. shall deliver to the water bailiff, at fiis office, an account, on oath, of the quantity thereof. On defanlt, the

1‘ame duties shall be paid as for coals, Sic. the property of non-freemen.

[Publick act.]

f an yfreeman, being owner of any ship, Sec. or the importer of coals, on hit own account, shall not within the time limited, but afterwards deliver such account, on oath, as aforesaid, or if he refldes at a dittance, or through infirmity or otherwise, cannot conveniently attend, may verify the Olid account by affidavit before a justice of the peace, and in either case the whole duties paid to be returned, provided the shipmaster have given in an account on oath as before directed. Persons swearing falsely to be deemed guilty of perjury.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds aftd wills made by papilts, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

w

Act 3 Geo. 1. c. 18. recited. 10 Geo. t. c. 4. 3, 6, 9, 1?, is, 19, *r, »8., 31 & 33 Geo. s. and 1,4, 7, i», 14,17 & 18 Geo. 3. also recited. Deeds and wills of papist.«,&c. made since Sept. *9, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Sept; 1, 1781. This act not to extend to deeds, &c. the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 178s. Pmvhafes made by protestant* not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been inrolled. Sic. This act not to make good any grant of the light of presentation to any benefice, &c. in trult for any papist.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia ?rt that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Ci CAP.

30

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25. [1782.

[Preamble.]

After Jane i, 178*, vessels, See. captured by the enemy not to be ran-fomed.

All contrails made, and curities given, contrary to this act, to be void.

Penalty on persons ran-fuming, or contracting to ranlum, any ship, &c. contrary to-this act.

Limitation of tuis aft.

CAP. XXV.

An act to prohibit the ranjoming of or vejfeh captured from his Majesty's subjects, and of the merchandise or goods $n board such

ships or vessels.

WHEREAS it is a common when ships or

are captured by the King's enemor by other per font -

ting acts of hofilities, for persons to agree with the captors for of the fame; and for securing the Jiipulated not only to give

hostages, but also to bind themselves, or the for the payment

thereof: and whereas the practice of ransoming is found., by ence, to be liable to great abuses, and there is reafoti to apprehendthat, upon the whole, it operates more to the disadvantage than for the -

nefit of his Majesty's subjectsmay it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fyrie, Thar, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects to ransom, or to enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, or any merchandize or goods on board the fame, which shall be captured by the subjects of any state at yvar with his Majesty, or by any persons committing hostilities against his Majesty's subjects.

II. And be it further enacted, That all conirafts and agrees ments which shall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and other securities, which shall be given by any person or persons for ransom of any such ship or vessel, or of any merchandize or goods on board the fame, contrary to this act, shall be abfoknely void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ransom, or enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming, any such ship or vessel, or any merchandize or goods on board the fame, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record V^Westminster, in which action no essoin, protection, imparlance, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any contract or agreement which shall be entered into, or any bill, note, or other security, which shall be given, by any mailer of a captured ship or vefTd, or by any other person or persons on board or belonging to the same, for ransom thereof,

or

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 26,27. 21

or of any merchandize or goods on board such ship of vessel; or to inflict any penalty upon any matter of any captured ship or vessel, or any other person or persons on board or belonging to the same, for ransoming, or entering into any contract or agreement for ransoming, such ship or vessel, or any merchandizes or goods on board the fame, until after the expiration of two months from the passing of this a#, for any ship of vessel failing from any foreign European port; or until after the expiration of four months from the passing of this a#, for any ship Or vessel failing from any foreign port out of

CAP. XXVI.

An act for providing quarters for certain foreign, lately employed in his Majesty's service in the defence of the island ^Minorca, and expected to arriye soon in this, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain foreign troops, lately employed in

Majestys service in the defence of the island of Minorca, are expected to arrive soon in this kingdom, and it is necessary quarters should be provided for such troops during their flay in Great Britain; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of th c fame. That the said foreign troops shall and may. Certain so-during their continuance here, be quartered, and be received and rc, Sn trooP*> provided for in quarters, in the same manner, to all intents and etlln the^e^-purposes, as the British troops now are; and that the billetting, fence of MU quartering, receiving, and providing for, such foreign troops, in norca, to be the manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, here

and to be legal, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes troops' whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a# shall continue in force for six months 9?n,jinu??cc from the time of the arrival of such troops, and thence till ofthlsa* twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Snorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldba no. Hailing, Cuaftone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the vdle of Sheeruels, in the county of Kent.

Commissioners j to hear and finally determine all causes for the reeovery of all debts contracted within the city of Rochester, and the several patches and the ville beforementioned, above the turn of two shillings and under the sum of forty shillings, and are constituted a court of justice by the name and style of The Court of Requests in the city of Rochester. New commissioners to be appointed in the room of those who shall die, or be chosen one of the assistants of the city of Rochester, or shall ceaie to be a householder, or remove out of the parish wherein he refuted at the time of

C 3 appoiat-

Anno Ticesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 27. [1782.

appointment, or refuse or neglect to act as a commissioner for a year, it a vdtry of the parish, for which such commissioner was appointed, to be holden in Easter week then next following} and such appointment to be in writing under the hands of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish, present at the time of such cleft ion, and certified t9 the commissioners at their then next court} but in default of such election or certificate, the commissioners, or any three or more may appoint another person, being ah inhabitant, householder, and resident ill such parish. 'Qualification of commissioners to be an inhabitant, householder, and resident within the said city, or in th^ feviral parishes of St- Nicholas, St. Margaret, Si rood, Fiindfbury, Chatham and Gillingham, and in the actual p^ffcflion and enjoyment of a real ellate of the dear yearly value of 30U above reprizes, or shall be poficfTed of a personal eltaie to cite amount or value of 500I and also to take the following oath.

I A.B. do swear, That I will impartially and honestly, according to the belt 6f my judgement, hear and determine all fijcti matters and Ciuiei as shall be brought before me, as a commissioner, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy recovery of (mail debts, within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Stiood, Frindfb'iry, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halltow, Chalk, Hoo, Burhara, Wouldham, Hailing, Cnxftone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the vilie of Sheernifs, in the county of Kent, without favour or afteftion to any of the parties.

So help me GOD.

To be administered by the clerk or deputy derk to the said court. Or any one of the commissioners, and a memorial thereof to be entered by the clerk in the register of the court. Persons acting not being qualified, to forfeit and pay for every offence to I. to any person who shall sue for the fame, in any court of record, and the defendant is to prove his qualification orpay the penalty, without further proof by the prosecutor than that he aftfd as a commissioner. Commissioners or any three or more of them to hold courts at the guildhall of Rochester on the second Friday in every month f. r ever, and may hear and finally determine all causes for the re-co ery ot debts contrafted within the said city, parishes and vilie, as shall be under the fuin of 40s. and above the sum of as. and to make such orders and decrees, and pronounce such judgements, and to award execution thereupon with colts, against the body or goods and chattels ot all persons against whom they shall make such orders and decrees, as to any three or more of the commissioners shall appear just in law, equity and

fjood confidence. Commissioners to hold special quarterly meetings at t e aid guildhall on the first Wednesday after Midsummer day, the first Tuesday after Michaelmas-day, the first Tuesday after Christmas-day, and the fiilt Tuesday after Lady-day yearly, which may be adjourned to any time and place in the said city, not exceeding 14 days. Commi/nomers may mike rules and orders for regulating their proceedings conformable to the directions of this act, but not to increase or lessen the fees. Casting yore to be given by the mayor, &c. or senior commissioner. George Gates, gentleman, the present town clerk, being an innhabitant, householder, and resident within the said city, appointed clerk of the said court; Richard Mizzen and Isaac Mizzen (being inhabitants of the said city) appointed fei jeanrs of the said court, all during their good behaviour; and t he commissioners may at their first cr any subsequent court appoint a deputy cleik (oeing an inhabitant of the said city). Commissioners to appoint new officers on death or resignaiion, or removal out of the city of any of the former. Deputy clerk to be approved ot by the clerk. Courts may suspend serjeants for misbehaviour. Commissioners to hear and determine upon complaints against their officers, at spetial meetings. Lilt of the commissioners to be put up in the court. Clerk to enter the decrees of the court in a book. Eight commissioners to be summoned to attend upon every court day. Commissioners not fumtnoned, may attend.

All

23

1782.I Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 27;

All the commissioners to be summoned to attend monthly meetings at which any officer is to be chosen, and at quarterly meetings, and to have six days notice. A sufficient number not attending, the court to be adjourned to the next court or meeting. Mode of proceeding for recovery of debts of more than % s. and under 40 s* to be by summons, to be served by the serjeant on the debtor personally, or by leaving the fame at his place of abode,&c. within the limits aforesaid, seven days before the return. On proof of the service of the summone, the commissioners may make enquiry concerning the demand, and pronounce final sentence or judgement, and make such interlocutory or final orders ami decrees touching the fame, and the costs of suit, as shall appear to be agreeable to justice, equity, and good conscience. This act shall not extend €0 debts for rent upon lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract nor to any debt that shall anse upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; nor to any money won at or by any horse-race, cock match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye law; nor to any debt for the payment whereof there shall not have been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise, within six years before the taking out of the futn-mons for the lame, although stich debt shall not amount to 40 s. On non-appearance of the defendant, the commissioners to proceed ex parte the plaintiff on proof of the service of the summons. Plaintiff not appearing, or not establishing his debt, to pay celts, to be recovered as other debts and colts, by order of the commissioners. Commissioners impowered to administer oaths to the parties and witnessfes. Penalty on wilful perjury, the same as in other cases of perjury. Commissioners may award execution against body or goods and the clerk or deputy may issue a precept by virtue whereof the serjeants may appiehcnd the party within the limits, and convey him to tae common gaol of the said city for the reception of debtors, there to remain till the decree or order be performed; but not longer than one calendar month, nor left than seven days; and such imprisonment to be deemed a full discharge and extinguishraent of the debt and colts. And the serjeants on precept issued upon the execution awarded against the goods of any such party, may levy by diltreft and fate of the goods of such party, within the limits of this a#, such sum of money and costs as shall be ordered and decreed: and in case the party absconds, nr secrets or removes his goods, or otherwise prevents or evades the fer* vice or effe# of such execution, and proof thereof made by the said fer-jeant or other credible witness, (but not otherwise; the commissioners' may at their discretion award execution against body or goods till the plaintiff is paid and (atisfied- Court may order debts to be paid by instalments. On execution clerk to indorse the debt and cotts: and if the defendant before a#ual sale of his goods, or before apprehended or his term of imprisonment not expired, pay or tender to the clerk or his deputy, the debt and costs, and one shilling more for his trouble of paying the same to the plaintiff and entering acknowledgment of satisfa#ioa, and also two shillinzw for gaol feet (if in custody) the execution to be (uperlededy and the body and goods discharged. Commissioners may suspend or supersede proceedings, where the defendant, by sickness or poverty, may be incapable of paying the debt. Serjeant suffering an escape. See. by neglect, to pay d.bt and costs. Gaolers to receive persons committed. Creditors tc allow 3 d. a day to debtors while io prison. Penalty on not obeying a subpoena, to testify served four days before return, and oath made that he was a material wiYiftfs, or letunng to give evidence, may be fined four shillings, to be recovered as other debts, but not to be committed for more than two days. Fees to be taken by the officers.

Fees to be taken by the Clerk,

For entering every cause, two pence.

For iftung every summons, four pence,

t Fo*

*4

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo secundo Ge&RGII III. c.a8. [1783.

Pat every hearing or trial, two pence.

For swearing every witness, plaintiff or defendant, two pence.

For every nonsuit, and entering the fame, ten pence.

For every attachment for the defendant'* not appearing, ten pence;

For every execution, one shilling.

For every acknowledgment of satisfaction, sixpence.

For every fubpeena, three pence*

For the payment of money into court, sixpence.

For every oider, three pence.

For entering thereof, three pence.

For every warrant of commitment, sixpence.

For searching the books, two pence.

By the Serjeants.

For serving every summons or fubpeena, four pence.

For calling every witnef* before the court, one pennjr.

For calling the plaintiff or defendant before the court, two pence.

For evefy execution against body or goods, one shilling.

For every commitment for infulrs or misbehaviour in the court, one shilling.

By the gaoler.

For every commitment, two shillings.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court-house. Whole fees in any cause limited to 6 *, 11 d. to the clerk, and 3 s. 11 d. to the ferjean^s, though (uctf fees may amount to more by the table. Penalty on officers taking greater fees, not more than 51, nor left than 40 s. To be applied either to the relief of debtors in gaol, or to be paid to the overseers of the poor where the person forfeiting shall reside, to be recovered at other debts; and such offence to be deemed a misbehaviour. Deputy clerk to have half the clerk's fees, or* 138. 4 d. for each day's attendance, and no more. No commissioner or officer to act where interested, or who shall felt ale, &c. by retail. No attorney to be a commissioner, or intitled to any privileges in this court, or employed as an advocate. Persons insulting the court to be fined, not more than zo s. to the poor of the parish wherein the person shall reside who committed the offence, and in default of payment may be committed to gaol for three days, or until payment. Copy of the foregoing clause to be hung up in the court. No debt under 40s. and upwards of as. to be sued for in any other court; except the said court ol requests, and the court of portmote after mentioned. Saving the rights of the court portmote of Rochetier, constiruted by charter in the fifth year of King Charles the First. This court not to interrupt or hinder the transacting the publick business of the city in the Guildhall. Limitation of actions for acting under this act, till at days after notice thereof, nor after tender of amends, nor after 40 days after the cause of action accrues, and to be laid in the county of Kent. The defendant may plead the general issue, and may have treble costs. Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the cause of action other than what shall be specifiea in the notice. To be a publick act.

Cap. xxviii.

An act for granting an additional duty upon tobacco and snuff\ and for repealing certain duties payable upon the.importation of brandy

and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal, the -

mens of Great Britain, parliament, towards

raising the necessary suppliesto defray your Majesty's publick <xpences%

have

*5

1762.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 2$.

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the severalimpofis and duties herein-of ter mentioned; and do

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assemblied, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, From June t* and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and 1781, an act-upon all tobacco which, from and after the first day of June, ditional duty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported p*n(j or brought into this kingdom of Great over and above tobacco in*,

all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an ported; additional duty of four-pence for every pound weight Pois, and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

II. And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the -

fabture offnuff in Great Britain, it is expedient that a further duty

should be imposed upon foreign Jnuff imported, in proportion to the said additional duty by this act granted upon tobacco; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be and of 8 d. also raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and Per P°Jj.n.d °* successors, for and upon all snuff which, from and after pJJrtedf said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- p two, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an additional duty of eight-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity.

III. And whereas by an abf, made in the eighteenth year of the Recital of an reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encourag- a^'*Car,* ing of coinage, a duty of twenty /hillings per ton was imposed upon

brandy, wines, or Jirong waters, imported into this kingdom; and Qf in and by the additional book of rates, referred to by an abl made in 1 Geo. t. re-the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the lative to the First, spirits called brandy are rated as follows \ that is tv say, brandy of France, the ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two 1

gallons, at thirty pounds; brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy, the ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, at fifteen pounds; and brandy of all other countries, not rated, the

ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two. gallons, at twenty pounds: and whereas by an ablmade in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for afeer- 7 Geo. 2. taining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to «? clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contratfts; it was, amongst other things, enabled.

That the fame subsidies, duties, and excise, then payable upon brandy and foreign spirits imported, and no more, should be paid for arrack, imported fresh any of his Majestfs colonies or territories in the East Indies, and that the fame allowance should be made on the -tion thereof, as was made upon foreign brandy, or other spirits: and whereas, in order to evade payment of the duties due by law upon brandy of France, great quantities of French brandy mixed abroad

with

2 6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28. [1782.

with brandy of other countries, have been imported into this kingdom

from Dunkirk, and other ports in Flanders, under the denomination of Flemi(h brandy; and by reason of, and other

practices, used by the traders therein to the, it is im-

possible for the officers of the to ascertain the proper duties that

ought to be paid for such bran, whereby the revenue is di-minified, and the fair trader much injured: for remedy whereof. Fro* June 1, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after 178*, the said the first day or June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-duties on two, the said rates upon brandy shall be repealed, and the feve-imitation ra| duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack, arrack, (ex- ° as herein-before mentioned, (except the duties of excise, as cept excise herein after is provided), and all former drawbacks on the ex-duties) to portation thereof, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

s IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

New duties to That, from and after the first day one thousand seven

bepaidinstead hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in (lead of the said former thereof. rates and duties repealed by this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every ton of brandy, or spirits usually entered under that denomination, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom From any place or country beyond the seas,

' the sum of eight pounds and eight shillings; and for every ton of arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom, the like sum of eight pounds and eight shillings; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity thereof; any thing in any former act or a£U to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said respective duties herein before granted, shall be also subject and liable to an additional import or duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the fame per cent con- regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is formable to " granted to his Majesty by an act, made in the nineteenth year

New duties subject to an additional duty of 51

19 Geo. 3. c. *5.

Duties to be

paid up hi importation, without any difeaunt, and to be under the management of the commissioners of the customs.

of his reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the cu stoms and excise in Gre^t

Britain.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective duties herein-before granted, shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or allowance, upon importation, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as the former duties payable to his Majesty upon such articles respectively were raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated

and

178*0 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. a8. 27

and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the same shall be under the management and dfire&ion of the respectivo commissioners of his Majesty's customs and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary charges of railing, collecting, and answering the fame, onty excepted) into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

chequer, and appropriated and applied in the following manner} that is to say, two pounds twelve shillings and sixpence. How to be part o (the said duties on brandy and arrack, to the subsidy on applied, spirits j one pound and one shilling, other part thereof, to the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven; one pound and one shilling, to the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; one pound and one shilling, to the coinage on spirits; and two pounds twelve shillings and sixpence, the remainder of the said duties on brandy and arrack, together with the whole of the several additional duties of four-pence pound weight upon toba.co, and eight-pence per pound weight upon snuff, shall be paid in distinct and apart from all other monies which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned; and the additional impost of five pounds per centum, granted by this act, shall be paid in as part of the said impost, granted by the before*mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, under the title and description of The impost one thousand seven hundred and -

nine.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided ancf kept, in the office of the au- A book to be ditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which kept in me all the monies arising from the said last mentioned duty of two which

pounds twelve shillings and sixpence, being part of the duties toe'additional on brandy and arrack; and the said additional duties of four- duties are to pence per pound weight upon tobacco, and of eight-pence per be entered, pound weight upon snuff, hereby granted and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money. Application so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, to- thereof, gether with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this fefiiort of parliament for this purpose, (and not otherwise applied), be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuanc to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annui, and for

inga lottery. '

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the former drawbacks upon the ex- Drawbacks to portion of brandy and arrack, repealed by this act, where any be allowed on brandy or arrack, having paid the duties herein-before granted, ^0ene^ndy

shall

J

28 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 29,30. [1782.

and arrack, shall be again exported by way of merchandize, the merchant tobauxo and or merchants, so exporting the fame, shall be repaid and al-iniiff. lowed the following drawback; that is to say, for every ton of such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the sum of seven pounds and seven shillings; and for every ton of such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any other place, where such brandy or arrack would have been legally intitled to any former drawback, the sum of seven pounds seventeen shillings and sixpence; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity; and upon the exportation of such tobacco and snuff from this kingdom, to any part beyond the seas, as merchandize, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before-mentioned duties, paid upon the importation of such tobacco and snuff by virtue of this act; which said respective drawbacks or allowances shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such brandy, arrack, tobacco, or (huff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and This act not declared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act to alter the contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or

cifeuponfol any w^c a*tcr> any duty by any act or acts of

reign brandy, parliament now in force, upon foreign brandy, arrack, or strong Ice. waters, imported into this kingdom, but such duties shall continue to be paid and applied in the same manner, in all respects*

as if this act had not been made.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for regulating the quartering of so diers during the time of the electiont of members to lerve in parliament; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the electiont of members to serve in parliament; for a limited time,

preamble, so Geo. j. c. 50. recited, further continued during the present holt ilities.

CAP. XXX.

An act for allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montfer-rat, into any ports of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Goods the produce or manufacture of St. Christophert, Nevis, and Montserrat, may be imported in neutral vessels, on payment of plantation duties; provided the importer make oath to the truth thereof.

Cap.

29

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 31.

CAP. XXXI.

<An act for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the of

members to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, the county of Wilts.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious bribery and -

ruption at the last election of burgesses to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts: and whereas such bribery and corruption is likely to continue' and be praflized in the said borough in future, unless some means are taken to prevent thi fame 1 in order therefore to prevent such unlawful practices for the future, and that the said borough may from henceforth be duly represented in parliament; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Certain freedom henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every intl" freeholder, being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall foiftbehS? have, within the hundreds or divisions of Highworthy Cricklade, rough of Staple, Kingjbridge, and Malmsbury, or one or more of them, Cricklade s

in the county of Wills, a freehold of the clear yearly value of, forty shillings, to give his vote at every election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said borough of Cricklade \

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right of election of a member or members to serve in Customary parliament for the said borough of Cricklade, shall be, and is yot.c" a,so hereby declared to be, in such freeholders as aforesaid, and in mtltled* the persons who, by the custom and usage of the said borough, have, or shall hereafter have, a right to vote at such election; and the proper officer for the time being, to whom the return of every writ or process does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons to serve in parliament for the said borough who shall have the major number of votes of such freeholders and other persons having a right to vote at such election; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That such freeholders only shall be in- No freehold-titled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at elections for «to vote but knights of the shire for the said county of according to quailed to be

the laws now in being for regulating county elections. county voters*

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That e^ery such freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Freeholders election for the said borough, shall, if required by the candi- tobcfwornv dates, or any of them, or any other person having a right to vote at the said election, first take the oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, the solemn affirmation following videlicet, I

I Do /wear, [or, being a Quaker, folcmrily ], Thai lam The oath. a freeholder in the hundreds or divtfms of Highworth, Cricfc-

lade.

5°

Anno vicesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 31. [vjtiti

lade, Staple, Malmffiury, Kingsbridge, any one or more of them, in the county of Wilts, and have a freehold estate

ing 0] [specifying the nature thereof;

and if it consists in messuages, lands, tenements, pr tithes, in whose txrcupation the same are; and if in rent, the names of the owners or possessors of the tenements out of which such rent is bluing, or of (bmc of them], lying, or being at

in the hundreds or

or in one or more of them, of the clear yearly value of forty ever and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respcfi of the fame; and that I have been in the a final or receipt of the

rents and profits thereof\for my own above twelve calendar

months, [or, that the fame came to me within the time aforesaid by descent, marriage, marriage fetdement, or promotion to a

benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office]; and that such freehold estate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently, on pur-pofeto qualify me to give my vote; and that the place of my abode is at in, and that I am

oneyears of age, as I believe, and that I have not been polled before at this elefiion.

Which ogth, or solemn affirmation, the proper officer, to whom the return of any writ or precept for such election shall belong. Penalty on is hereby required to administer: and in cgfe any freeholder, or committing other person taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appoint* FCS>rry’ *°r therebY commit wilful perjury, and be thereof con-

tiweofc11 Yi&edi or if any person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or fuboyn any freeholder or other person.to take the said oath pr affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they, for every such offence respectively, shall incur such penalties as are infixed on persons guilty of perjury, or subornation of perjury, in and by two a<5ls of parliament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, yin afi for punishing such persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury, or suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury 5 and the other, made in the second year or the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of perjury, and to moke it felony to steal bonds, notes, or other securities for payment of money, contrary to the said a

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How officer That such proper officer, to whom any writ or precept shall be to proceed on directed for making any election for the said borough, shall, receiving any Upon the receipt of such writ or precept, indorse upon the back Hon. e CC" there°f die bls receipt thereof, in the presence of the

party from whom he received such precept, and shall forthwith cause publick notice to be given within the said borough of ' CrickUde, and the several towns of Highworth, Malmsbury, Swindon, and IVotton Bdjfet, by affixing up a notice thereof in writing on the market-houses, or on the doors of the churches of u the

3*

J782.I Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 32, 33.

the said towns, of the day of election; and shall proceed to election thereupon within the space of twelve days, and not )efs than eight days, next after his receipt of the fame precept.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be publickly read at every election for the ThJ*a&to laid borough of Cricklade, immediately after the acts directed by v;011^10 any act of parliament to be read thereat, and before the persons election.^ present shall proceed to make such election.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to revive and continue an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals ;n the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

6 Geo. 3. c. sa. recited. Revived, and further continued until March »S, 1789.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for charging a stamp duty upon inland bills of

mijfory notes, or other notes payable other wise than upon

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal, the cm-

mens of Great Britain, in parl towards

raising, by the most easy means,the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several duties or sums of money herein-ofter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Aug. r, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven bun- fol-

dred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great, unto and to hi* Ma*-

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, jetty; viz.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For every inpaper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory land bill of note, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall exchange, be ingrafted, written, or printed, where the sum expressed j-Jji therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the (not payable ' sum of fifty pounds, there be charged a stamp duty of three- on demand) penee:, under 501.—

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of3 d 5 paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of

fifty

32 Anno vicesimo fecilhdo GEORGII III. c. 33.

fifty pounds or upwards, there be charged a fomp-duty of fix* pence.

The said duties to be under the management of the commissioners of the damp-duties.

All such bills and notes, not properly damped to be invalid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the care and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; for which purpose they, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this adfc in execution, with relation to the said duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they; or the ma-ior part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former Taw concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And, for belter fduring the said f amp-duties hereby be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which any such bill of exchange, promifffory note, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall be in-grofled, written, or printed, shall, before the fatne shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, be brought to the head office for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves or their officers, shall from time to time damp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of the said duty; the said duty to be paid by the person or persons giving such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, as aforesaid; and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note* shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the fame allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the said commissioners are hereby directed and authorized to provide

hered. and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, arc, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall court-a^7tamp«ng ter^e,t or forge» or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any drifted to be stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, for vied by this the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted* with an ' intent

Stamp-office to make the usual allowance on pi e-sent payment of the duties. The said; stamps may be alt

31

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgi( III. c. 33.

indent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall fraudolcrftly use any (lamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; or Avail utter, vend/or fell, any vdlum, parchment, or pfrper; liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; then every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felou,* and Shall suffer death as iu cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That sfilpowefi; provisions, strides* clauses, distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed dr appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the damp-duties ofti vdlum, parchment; and paper, shall be of full force and effe# with relation to the duties hfercby imposed, and Avail be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, coltecting, and fecunng, the said he# duties hereby inbpoled, according to the true intent and meaning of this adfc, as fully, to all intents and purposes,7* if the fame had fevdrafiy and respectivety beeri hereby enabled with relation to» the said new dirties hereby im^ posed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time,' into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on. damped, vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several duties imposed jtythis zdt, and pay such duties (the necessary charges of raif-iftg, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such tittle, and in such mariner, as any formef duties on damped vellum, parchment; of paper, are directed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there mall be provided

and kept in the office Of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books; in which all the monies artfittg from the said several duties imposed by this act, and paid into trie fitid receipt as aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ctflors, upon any account what foe ver; and the said money; paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid; shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose* bC a fund for the payment of the several and respective annuities, and all such other charges and experices; as are di-fe&ed to bp'paid and payable pursuant to an act of this prefect session of pfaliament, intituled An <tfl a certain sum of

money tty way of annuities, and for lottery. '

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person of fiersons’ Otall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prplecuted, for any thing by hhb of them done or executed in porfitaixce of

All fontfer provisions and penalties relating to the startrp duties Shall be in force in levying* fee- the yfreftftt dtt-tfei.

Dufies to be paid to the receiver-general, and by him paid ixttaf the exchequer.

Auditor of the exchequer to keep a separate account of the ironies produced by this aff.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued for eXeciiting this act, may plead the general issue.

3*

Anno vicesimo ftcundo Georgii III. c. 34,35.

[17*2.

this act, or of any clause, matter, or thhig, herein contained, such person and persons shall and anay plead the general iffar, and.give the speoial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant Tide* fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoifod. and recover then such defendant ordefeodants foall have treble costa ttoarded tieble costs. td him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for raising ^certain fom of money by loans or exchequer bffli, for the service of the year one thousand liven hundred and eightyttwo j and for confaitdating certain annuities, which were made one feint dock by an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of hit lattma-jesty King George the Second, with certain annuities consolidated by several acts, made In the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtWfifft, thirty-feaoad, and thirty-third yearn oT dm reign of, Jutfoid late Majesty, and several febfequeas ifo

Commissioners of the treasury may raise i,$ao£obl. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5,17SJS in hfce manner as is prescribed by defend tax act of this feffioo, concerning toms, isc. The cftaufes, fee. in tb« And »a retaring to tow* or wcbMMr WU, tecwt Acb duqp tht A»* 00 the «»> granted bj the (ud *&, or limit tiM r»U of mtcrdt of tmorr on credit of the feme iff, and as aftermendoned), extended to tlfisaSf. Exchequer bills so iflbed not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 17SJ. Aftton not tn lie for fuchretofeL Principal and inteieff, with charges, to be repaid oot of the n^u Aiimlfeai and if fuffitient foppiies be not granted before July «, 17S), to be charged on the linking fond. Monies lo issued to be replaced Out of the firfe bp. plies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Asm on the credit of this act; an act & € Got. k Marin notwithstanding. JUcitd-of

31 Geo. «. c. as. The Ann of 4,500^0001. shall, from July 5,178s, with the con sent of the proprietors, be added to the 3 per cent, confols. Proprietors, who shall not tignify their dissent before June 0, 178*, shall be deemed to aflient thereto.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parflhof Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesexi and for providing' a proper workhouse and burial ground for the use of the fexi pa rife; and for opening certain communications, and making certain streets, within the said parish.

The reftor, curate, churchwardens, and overseers of the'poor for the time being, and other trustees appointed. On death, refusel or neglect to a ft for six months, or removing out of the parish, or being repdereq.u&n capable, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, overseers of the poor and vestrymen, qualified as aftermentioned, at the next annual election of parish officers, may chuse by ballot, or otherwise, other trustees to be in-vetted with the feme power as the former. Meetings of trustees to be at fourteen days after passing the act, and may adjourn themselves to asy time and place, and meet as they think proper, and any five or more may aft. Adjournment (if -not a rufficient number of trustees) by trtmees present or the derk, on three days notice on the church doer, to be wot move than ten days next after. Trustees shall defray«their own ex peaces. Qualification of trustees, to be proprietor or occupier of an house or other tenement, charged to the relief of the poor, at the rent of fifteen pounds, of more, which hath been paid, and to be capable of acting at a vestrr-man, to hold or occupy an house, or other tenement, charged at sol per aim, to the poor, and having paid the last rate. Trustees not to act wb 0 Jntfitfted,

yicfifipy.fcwwlg If,26k..'

i&og af tpiM,e£Q. ., Tfi

Ojrteyors. vjd cjtheror

mu&lgkr*.wrt.arffcw fobrpL >ji

*» #ip'a;wqwu ftSfiwn-

i Ppall 01 d^r* agd account

n -

nftt. No (Xidon pqwpfUable w ’be collector ag»inik Jut

-«W«iSTSd WJ»08^r ft*%t*of ippr* frtyt?«a rqftpu*r, a n£pay tfe M^cc, sy be l&bic to such pwltifi a#overseers of tbf ppftr jg ftgfi

f#tyc of mpre frqlt?«a t^all order* and account ,#8ceayear, oroftp*gr,t*2$«S*>W kfoj$l

,(uno( tfi* poorer the dm? being, who shall be otyigedi.tg coUe& thp

BSwip

poors rate* unless t,he trustees appoint a cqtyeftor thereof.

fife security. Trustees may purchase lands, erect oy reptfr a vyor^uouie, wad iociofe a hwaal^wnfi; or may type a bonfe, or kpu&s. Accounts tie bo open to iaCpeAwn of pfirfous paying jbe rat*. Tfuityesip make Mfdeia relating no.Mj^poof ami may QWMaft for emptyyjyjg and main-,tamieg them, and flWfiyto the d»so«fefly. Persons buying, dr receiving f* pawn* any vbing Aeelo.ogiwt to the wwkhouse, shall forfejt*oi., Fu$-4)t«rv&c- v#sted uMhe,t*ufto« who ^y fam* aChpns pr prefar indi$-«eie in pad# Mm feme pre tyjwed, &c. jfer(pna waiydeping, or begging, ay bo font to the worfclwmfei Trotte*. tp maHe rate* fqr Veliet ©£ the

rf j and jmay Use* pdpie* of the bind t*x bopksi Qwpcrp of fcepemvW t» fcvrjeal person*. liable to the.rsUM., Rates to be age^d % and rfWy be qecowed, a*‘<bre^c4 by 41 £&* Qiprchffarjdcus, jitesfccis, and eoMto* shall account pod pay monies to the tru#o^ Pbd dbew tmb*re#, e#»d of default may be committed to the epunty gyoLtiU OrcoiuoftaM* Law* aefcttygto tferpppr to ran.

Iwoe in force. No poors rate to be mag# ppmtflry to ttypaft.., 0ccqpi#r# Of tenements to pay rates for the time they occupy only. Inhabitants allowed to give evidence*. Notice to be given of vestry meetings in the ' lurch on me Lord’s day preceding, otypeilaK^ of sot. on every neglectj jHa ratoWtert as other forfeitures by this act, on complaint of church-dvtr&Af Of pddt4.' OTri^ OfO^ddg c^minctnnintfnicdw lWi,5%imamdg^hd bpdidng‘streetr acrofc certain fields' 6r garden, and (rough f^lack horse Yard; and from thence across Upper East Smithfield tp saltpetre-bank, and fishih Nightingale-lane in[to YTrdirt^flff^e?. rustees impowered ,to purchase buildings and lands, and tttaae and bjdeb oets. PtrfoA under incapacities impowered to make coriveyaricM. *f Ih the parties refuse to treat, &c. nie -vafae to be settled by rs tyay be challenged. Witnesses tffhy be examined on oatfi. Vfef-Vjury, &c. ‘to be final. Op payment of the money codveyanC?^ to ide. in case such conveyances are not made, or the parties' cknhqt

i vetted in the trustees. money may oe veiteo in government securl-, fir fhd benefit of the persons intitlW thereto. If pucchafe mdntts be not paid within three months, verdict.^c. dot bmdiflg. Purcti^fe money to be laid out in the purchase of other lands settled to the same uses« Conveyances of femes-covert by bargain.and fa(e acknowledged, and in-Iplted in the register-offibi of Mifidl^lex irt (be months, as effectual as a fine qtbO^try. rrustees may reconyey fuefi parts of(andj purchased, a#Are for (he purposes of this act- Trustees may contr^ft for

tp;bp done, apd may support actions for breach of cogtraC^ And, See. The trustees to’ make rates to defray the of making communications. Rates to Be collected half yearly,; apd.#fcoverfd, OiftrefT«| may be made in other p^mfties er may comp<HU)4 wkb owners of houses,'ugd^r ioJ. lAAm.for not less than two-thirds. Empty houses, &c. so be r^ed byt t.U9W b«i!4ingfK yafte grounds, &c. Qial^atfe%d

Agot ttuhre than fid, per squaj-e yard- S)tch rates %o be reepye^ed by >.m in 4fce name of the collector. No qc^ion to abate on agepppt of tlje VAth of the treasurpr pr a collector. Occupipry liable io payn^nt of ratfs fmi arfearn thereqf while houses remained jmoceppied; ^Cdufted

Kth &4U* to be ryoqvejsj} frops pM%s-fMftfcg their Da aenements

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3 37.

[17*4;

tenements By dtftreft and fate, voder a {office'# warrant, who may also order colls. Rates may be reduced on account of poverty, dec. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be Impeached. Additional rates to make rood monies loft by collectors. Trustees may act as justkea. Traffic* may borrow money at legal interest, or on annuities, not exceeding 1,5001. upon the rates; and at interest o»ooool. on ihe new intended ft reets, and affigo the rates as a fecority, at legal or left interest, payable half yearly. Annuities at 10 per cent, and charged on the rate#, and deemed indefeasible estates, not chargeable to the land tax. Receipt* and orders for payment to be signed and given to the contributor*. Annuities may be aligned toties qootles. Rates to be lowered as annuitants die off. All monies raisea to be vested in the trustees. Expence of passing this act to be first paid. Trustees may compound for penalties and' forfeitures j but such mitigation not to extend to more than one moiety thereof. Penalties and forfeiture* to be recovered by distre* and Tale of goods, or commitment to gaol, for not more than two mouths, nor less than fourteen days, unless sooner paid. Persont aggrieved may -appeal, to the quarter fdfionsj giving ten days notice. Rates to be altered only in the particulars complained of Trustees may reward informers. Justices impowered to administer oaths. Writings to be without stamps. Orders and accounts to be entered in books. Proceeding* not to be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Distreflea not to be deemed illegal for want of form only. Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends. Limitation of actions for acting under thb Oft, not till ten days notice, nor after tender of amends, nor after three calendar months. The defondant may plead the general Mae, and fawn treble costs. To be a publick act. ’

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for raisiag a further sum of money, by loam or exchequer b3tfc for the forvice or the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty* two.

Commissioners of the treasury may raifo 1,900,000l. by loans and exehe*-quer bills before Jan. the 5th, 17*5, in manner as by the land tax aft <& this fefoon is prescribed, foe. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (except such as charge the fame 011 the taxes granted thereby, and limit the rate of interest as aftermentioned), extended to this act. Exchequer bills foifiiied not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 17*1* Action not to Ue for such refusal* Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplie* be not granted before July 5, 4783, to be charged cm the fin king fund. Monies so ifiiied to be replaced out of the first supplie*. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act j the act 5 & I Gul. so Maris notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Maaeley, Barron, Linley, Willey, Little Wen lock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial place called Polo all, fa I the county of Salop. 5

I v

CommU&oners conftkuted a court of julHce, by the name and style of the Court of Requests for the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wcnlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial place called Pofnall, in the county of Salop, and seven, or more off them, may aft, and to meet at Brofeley every Tuesday fortnight, except Christmas-day, which if on a Tuesday, the court to be held the next preceding day. For want of a sufficient number to act, the court to be adjourned to another day. Power of the commissioners re hear and determine all such causes and matters of debt as shall be brought before them

f '

178a.] Anno mioooo iecuodo Georgii III. c. 37;

fte aftermen tioned, and to give such judgement, and to make such inter* focutory and final orders and decrees, and to award fych execution with costs, both agsinft bodies, goods and chattels, of all persons against whom they flaall give or make such judgement, order, or decree, as to them jhaJl lean just and most agreeable to equity and good conference* and if the commissioners be equally divided in opinion, him that is first upon the lift to have the calling voice. Ele&km of commissioners, in caie of dead), refutal, or neglect, to act for twelve calendar months, to be at a. specisl meeting of nine or more commissioners (not on a court day), by a majority. Clerk and serjeant appointed, who are respectively to condone lb long as they behave themselves well in their respective offices'. Victuallers not to hold any place of profit. Election of clerk and serjeant, on vacancy by death, refigoation, misbehaviour, or neglect of duty, by a majority of commissioners at a meeting for that purpose. Clerk to fix up a list of the commissioners in the court-house, and to issue summonses, and register orders. Serjeant to £erve precepts. Persons may sue for debts under 40*. Process shall ifiiie by summons in writing, directed to the debtor, specifying the film demanded, the name of the demandant, and

- |be debtor to appear at a certain time and place, before the

tiers, to answer such demands which shall be Served by the fer-perfooally, or by leaving at his place of abode within the limits of the fold court. If the debtor, on being Carved with the summons, shall pay the debt, and foes, all proceedings shall (top. Commissioners may regulate proceedings of the court, and administer oaths. Commissioners, on. non appearance of defendant, (nay.proceed ex parte; and on non-appearance of tl^e plaintiff, or not making proof of his debt, may award costs; and may award execution, and commit the party to the prison to be provided at Brofoly, till performance of order, judgement or decree, but not for more than six weeks. And on execution awarded against goods, the serjeant may distrain (within the limits of the court), and fell ' the feme, and levy the debt sod cuffs thereby. And if the party absconds, or removes his goods, to evade such execution, on proof by the ferjesnt, or one witness, may award execution against body or goods, till the plaintiff is folly paid and satisfied. Court may order debts to be raid by instalments, fee. On execution, derk to indorse debt and costs. Execution shall be foperfeded, if the defendant,before affsal fate of goods or imprisonment, or before expiration of the time of imprisonment, pay or tender to the devk the debt and coils, with t s. for the clerk's trouble, and entering acknowledgement of fadsfaction, and also as. (if in prison) for gaol tees. Serjeant differing an escape, or goods to be removed, to pay debt and costs. Do attorney or folidtor to plead or have privilege in ther courts Qualification of commissioners, to be in poiession of to 1. per ann. in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or 4001, personal effete. Aiding without such qualification 50 L penalty. Commissioners to be IWorn as follows s

1A.B. do swear, (or affirm, as the case may be). That I wiU faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my judgement, hear and determine all such matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an act of parliament, for the more etly and weedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Brofoley, Benthali, Maddty, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Davrley, and an extraparochial place celled Pofnall, in the county of Salop, without favour or affedson, prejudice or malice, to either party \

So help me GOD.

Fees to he taken.

To the Clerk.

For entering every cause, sixpence 1 For iffuinx every summons, sixpence;

For every lubpeena, sixpence;

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, thrift pence?

For every nearing or trial, sixpence:

For (wearing every witness, plaintiff, or defendant, thrie pence:

For every order, judgement, or decree, sixpence 1 For a noofoit, sixpence 1

Dj For

17

AohoViiefettfo fecdrtid bfcokdft F 'cl }. [»f§£-

For every search in the books, three pencC:, _ t

For paying money into court, six pence; if by ukftalments, fixpcnoe la tU: pound more: t k.

For taking money out of court, and acknowledging satisfactioa u

clerk's books* nxp-ncet Fof ifvery attachment, tixpChcet For every execution, sixpence (

Fpr every warrant of commitment for an KTault, infiilf, or mi in the toiirt, or to the cominimonert, clerk, or other om< fame, one "*

To the Serjeant*

for the service of every fumraona, order, or fubpeeni, if within the WNI and parish of Broleley or Benthal), and attending the court aith tfte return thereof, three pence j if out of either of the said towns gtfd sillies* one penny mote for every Utile from the court-bfidfc, (the difiance tu be ascertained by any seven or more of the said cSMilrtu doners): _. ’

for calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, one perrrty

For executing, every attachment, execution, or warrint, xgaintt the body or goods, within the said town and parish of Brofciey or BentfaOl, «ae ihilUng i if out of either of the said towns and parishes, three pence more for every mile»

Tor carrying every plaintiff, defendant, or delinquent to prHoir, if apprehended within the said town of Broicky or Bentball, one (hiftisg; and if apprehended out of the said towns, three pence more for every mile.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court-house, Nine commifilodert,-cu ten days notice affixed on the door of the coort-Koufc, may Icfleit Ae ft&t pot more than one half, and raise the (aiheagaiit on like notice, but not more than as aforesaid. Penalty on taking or demanding greater fed or rewards, potjnqrothan $1. and not left than 40s. to the u(e of thepbdr of the parish where the person paying such feet or rewards shall tt&R, dt from whom the jtame were demanded. Clerks and ferjeknti may fee dif-placed. A prison at Brofeky mey.be er*6ford (or (ecu ring periods AKMt to epoftnement, under the powers contained in this act. Books, kfttd in the cdminissioners. Clerk and serjeant may appoint a deputy. Commissioners not to act where in t ere fled. Persons intuiting the court shall be apprehended by a warrant from the commissioners, end taken before a justice of the peace, who, upon proof of the fed by oath of one vritadt, may fine the offender not more than 40s. nor left than 5s. to be paid immediately to t|)fc justice, and applied as fines beforementioned, or fen default may be committed to Brofeley gaol for three calendar months, or till the fii?. is paid. Copy of preceding clause to befthek Op in the cdbrf-house., Gaoler to receive portals committed. Ferfbhs committed ttfaoa execution to be allowed a d- a day during their confinement. No iffisa for 4«bt recoverable by,this act to be brought in any bther court. This act ftnil not gxt^nd to debts for rent upon any kafe or'comtrfcCt wheft the fitle may coipe in.question, Of on any Other real dontrall; nor to defers by reaf/on, of any cauif Concerning wills, matrimony, or any thirtg properly belonging to the ecclesiastical epurtf; or for money won at horse-raoe*i cpck^mgtchesc,or any kind of gaming or play, nor for forfeitures on penal statufes or bye-laws j nor to any debt contracted oil ¥Sunday, (except in physick or surgery, 6r cases of absolute necessity)j or if no contract, acknowledgement, undertaking, or promise, Vtfthto fix ykh tfeodgb under 40s. Penalty for wilful perjury the same as In other Cases by Taw. Penalty on disobeying the fubpeenat of the court; to*give evidence; fine not more to# 590. nor kfs than 5 s. (and if not paid immediately) to be levied by distress and sale of goods, by warrant of seven commifTidrter*, to be paid to tl^e party at-whbfe infiance such fubpoetk Iffattk WriflAg* to be without llamps. Nothing in this act to atkCt rtk court of tVttfd at genlock. limitation of alhons, for ailing under this all, not IH1 twenty

days

17#a.] Anno vicesimo fecund* Georgii III. c. 3?f

Akfi aodot, or tender of amende or lujless within three calendar month* and belaid in the county of Salop, and not elsewhere, and the defend* ant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and bate treble cofti. To be a publics aft.

CAP. XXXVIII.

Jbta&to permit the importation of British plantation from

any port or place either in America, the West Indies, or to Europe, during the present hoJHlities

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the Preamble/

year of his Majtflfs reign, ( intituled An act to admit to Recital of

an entry in this kingdom, under certain restrictions, tobacco »oGe*j c.jp. imported not dtreftiy from the place of its growth or produce; and for granting an additional duty on such tobacco, during the present hostilities), it is, amangn other That any tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the British dominionsm America, which, during the continuance of the present UJBHfies, should be bona fide imported into and landed at any Bri-

life island in the West Indies ,fromany or place in America,

or toe West Indies, in amity with his M his or fuc-(tffors, shall and may be imported direffly from fmb British island^ and shall and may be entered and landed in this upon the

tayment of the proper duties due thereon, the reJlriRhns in the feud off mentioned; and whereas it is expedient to permit, for, a limited time, the importation of such tobacco into Great Britain direct/y

from anyfort or place in amity with his Majesty, either in America, er the West Indies, or in Europe: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From June #4, from and after the twenty-fourth day of, one thousand »?* during seven hundred and eighty-two, and during the continuance of the present hoftilhies, itfhali and may be lawful for any person British planta-to import into Great Britain, in any British *ship or vessel duty don tobacco navigated, or in any neutral ship or vessel, any tobacco of the may he im-growth, product or manufacture of any British colony <?r PIan*

Nation in Amenta, directly from any island, port, or place, in in Amc. America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, m amity with his rfca or in Majesty, his heirs, or fucceiors j and such tobacco shall and Europe, taay be entered and landed in any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the Tame duties as would be due and payable for the fame, if such tobacco had been imported from any British island or place id America, not being the island or place of the growth of such tobacco, although the same shall not beaccom* panted with any mantfeft, certificate, or other document, required by the said recited tfk, or by any other act or acts of patfiament ifow in force: and such tobacco shall* *n all other respect, nor aliened by this act,bnfbbject and liable to the same securities, rules, regulations, restriwnH penalties, and forfei-

d.

*0

Prnmblp,

From June a*. the

following additional and other duties on salt to be ©aid to flit Majesty j viz.

for every gallon of foreign salt, of importation^ ad. aq.

BUon of t and rocjc salt, made &c. in England or WSesj

14*

Anno vicesimo fecundd Georgii III. c. 39. [ 17f ii

lures, as such tobacco would be subject and liable to, if the fame bad been imported directly from any British colony or plantation in America; any law* cpftom, or usage, t9 thp con-, strary notwithstanding.

Cap. xxxix.

jin fUt for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; certain duties upon' Glauber or Epsom fahu and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt 5 and to prevent fronds in fbe duties on foul Jalt, to he used in manuring of loads,

Jffofl gracious Sovereign f

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary suppjies 19 defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to givq and grant unto your Majesty the fever?! additional rptes apt) duties on salt already rated to your Majesty; and aMo the feve-jal rates and duties on salt, commonly called Glauber salts, and on mineral alkali or dux for glass, to be piade frotp salt, hereafter mentioned j and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacte<) by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-second day of *}unet one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, cohered, and paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all salt already rated, oyer and above the rates and duties now due or payable thereon by any act or a&$ of parliament qow in force, the several additional rates and duties, and also for and upon ill salts called Glauber or Epsom salt, and alkali or fluif for glass, made from salt, brine or Tea water, the several rates and duties fob, lowing; that is to say,

For every gallon of salt, not being the product or manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after the said twenty-second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, into any part of Great, the fuin

of two pence halfpenny of lawful money of Great, to hie paid by the importer or importers thereof; apd after that rate for a greater or Seder quantity:

For every gallon of salt, apd rock salt, that, from apd after the said twenty-second day of June9 ope thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any salt works, or be taken oof of jny pit or pits, in that part of Great Britain called England \ Woles, and town of Berwick upon, the fptn of

one penny farthing of like lawful money j and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity;

- For

lytii} Anna Ticesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39. 41

For every bushel of salt that, from and after the said twenty* For every second day of June, one thousand seven ’hundred and eighty* S?1*1 J? two, shall be made at any salt works, or be taken out of any uf Scot-pit or pits, in that part of Great Britain called the sum land, 3d,

of three pence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity;

For every bushel of felt that, from and after the said twenty^ and imported (Second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported from Scotland into England* JVdbs, or WWa town of Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of seven pence of like 7 lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer or importer* thereof: .» \

For every hundred weight of all salts known or called by the For evory name of Glauber or Bpfom salts, made at any salt works In Great Britain, which, from and after the said twenty-second day of j£|t», Md7iit June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be Great Srinfa*' made or produced at any salt work within the kingdom of Great tot.

Britain, the sum of twenty shillings of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or less quantity:

And for every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which. For every con from and after the said twenty-second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made of any rock of>ocb^SIl2r salt or salt rock, or from any brine or sea water, in that part of &c< in Gnat Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Britain, to a. Tweed, and *lfo in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of twenty shillings of like lawful money; and after that ' fate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, manufacturer or nftnufacturers, of such mineral alkali or flux for glass.

Which said several respective additional and other rates and du- New duties to ' ties herein-before granted, shall and may, from time to time, be and be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by net at the such ways and means, and under such management, and Tub- old duties, ject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and directions, in all respects, (not other wise directed by this act), as the prefect duties on salt are or can by any law or statute oow in force be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the several and respective powers, authorities, methods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, directions, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- No personte fity sfonesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any person f.*ke 9r perfops ip Great Britain to take rock salt Or salt rock from 2c.Vo"mak.

any

4»

Mg aflflBMrt

alkali Or fust ^br gNft/ without t li-

jL to be pud for t» licence, end an eritrjr tube made of the place where the mineral alkali it to be manufactured, and the rock (alt,

&c. deposited.

nSlty on mutaftur-5 mineral tali with-t caking t a licence, d annually tewing the

Anna vkiefittio fecund© Georgii III. c. 39. [ 17

any rack pit, or to take any brine or sea water for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for giafs, upon giving fccu-rity in double the duty of such salt rock or roek fan, bnne or sea water $ fttch security to be discharged upon the proprietor or ananufacturer, or his agent* making oath before a neighbouring justice of peace, that all the said lair, for which such bond or bonds Were givtn, were made use of in making such mineral alkali or flux for giafs, and for no other purpose whatsoever, and the officer at the same time certifying his belief thereof; and that no person or persons whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or have any such fair, brine, or sea water, for the purpose of making mineral alkali or flux for glaft therefrom, unlefe such person or persons shall have first obtained a licence from the tumvnissioners of the salt duties, or persons properly appointed Ur authorised by them for granting such licences, for making of mineral alkali or flux for giafs, to be made from such felt rock Ur ruck salt, cr from brine or sea water, as aforesaid, or from any other materials whatever, and shall pay for such licence the sum of five pounds of like lawfol money; and which licence, upon payment thereof, the said commissioners, or those appointed under them for that purpose, are hereby impoweted and required to grant accordingly, (unless they shall see joft cause to the contrary); and also shall and do deliver in to such coin mi (Boners, or at the salt office next to the place or places where the said mineral alkali or flux for giafs is intended to be tttade by fudt person or persons respectively, or to their respective places of habitation, a true and particular entry in writing, under his or their iefp*fth& hands, containing the particular situation of the place or places, wherein not only the said mineral alkali is to be manufactured, but also where the fame, and the rock fab or salt rock, brine or sea water, from which the same is to be made, shall be kept, stored, or deposited; *nd also of every storehouse, warehouse, and other place, to be in any wise used in or ahout the manufa<5luring or such mineral alkali or flux for giafs: and if any person shall make or mans* fashire any mineral alkali or flux for giafs, without first taking out such licence as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds 5 and that every person or persons, who shall take out such licence as a fore feid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they, do presume to make, vend, or use any rock salt or salt rock, fro® any rock pit, or to take any brine or sea water for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for giafs, or to make any mineral alkali or flux for giafs from rock salt ox salt ro$k, brine or sea water, or from any other materials whatever, and in toe feme mariner to renew every such licence from year to paying down the like sum of five pounds for each and*1! new or renewed licence, in manner beforementioned; aw* any person or persons shall* after the twenty-second day

Arfnct vtefiftid feCilMd GtOftdn lit. ct $9. 45

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, presume t6‘ make any mineral alkali or flux for glass, or to make, vend, or life, any rock salt or salt rock, from any rock pit, dr to take any brine of sea water, for thfc purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they iWUrefpeaively forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence.

III. Provided atfd, and be it further enacted by the authb-rify aforesaid, That no such salt rock or rock salt, as aforesaid, Salt reek. dull be delivered at any of the works or pits, from which the "°* byte* lame shall arise or be produced, for the purpose dr under any ‘

Srctcxt of making mineral alkali or flux for glass therefrom, or neraUUcaH*; lall be afterwards delivered at fudh work or works, for the pur- See. except is pose of making mineral alkali or flux for glass, or Gored or de- prefenct posited m any warehouse, Gore, or place, belonging thereto, officer?^ dr used therewith, but in the presence of some officer of salt duties attending at, or residing neareG to stich salt works dr pits,

6r alkali work or works respectively as aforesaid s and who shall Officer to respectively make and keep an entry in writing, containing the a[| cn* true or real weight or auanfity of the salt so delivered at such q2antityCof salt works or pits, and brought in or delivered to or at such al- salt Co deli-kati works as aforesaid, together with the day on which the vered, fame shall be so delivered at such fah works or pits, and brought into, or delivered at such alkali work or works respectively, as ‘

aforesaid; ind which entry, so to be made at such salt works or pits as aforesaid shall also contain the name of the person to whom the salt therein contained was delivered, and for the use of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, and to whom belonging; and that a duplicate thereof, signed by the officer making the same, shall be produced ?nd delivered to the officer attending at such alkali work or works, at the time the salt therein contained shall be brought ip to be there used, doted, or deposited.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the salt, so to be brought in to be used, Gored, or Who shall deposited, at any such work or works, for the making of such »nf*erablefor mineral alkali or flux for glass, shall be of less weight or quan- the quwif* tity than that contained in the entry thereof at such salt work tity of salt or (alt pits, at the time of the delivery thereof there as afore- brought to said, the person or persons to whose use or on whose account the said (alt was so delivered, at such salt works or pits as afore- wor*fc Cm), shall be answerable for the same.

V. And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That in case any person or persons, to whom or on whose use Of Ociobnt any such salt shall be delivered at any such fldt of rich ‘jfrorks or pits secured as aforesaid, shall use the (mne^ or ‘any for any other part ihei'eof^ or any acid materials to be produced therefrom, purpose alter

tog

44

«r who shall fxlfely procure such (ait to beddbtrad to them for any other purpose than making the foidmineral flhali.

Officers may

enter into the warehouses, Sic. of the nabufitftu-rers of such mineral alkali.

Penalty on fcfeftl.

This act not to extend ro dfrtain Glau-be/ fatti j

nor to the manufacture of kelp, e. made in Great the

of pleats.

New duties to be paid into the exchequer separate from all other dntiei, and .* entered accordingly.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39. [ijrti.

ing in the premises shall, upqp conviction thereof, forfeit or pay, for the salt or acid materials so to be used for any ether purpose as aforesaid, at or after the rate of double the rates or duties imposed by this present act, or any former act or acts of parliament, on rock salt or salt rock delivered at or from any works or pits in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whomsoever shall, under any falie or colourable pretext whatsoever, procure any such salt to be delivered to him or them, at any such salt works or pits as aforesaid, and otherwise than for the purpose of being used in the making of mineral alkali qr flux for glass, and shall be convicted thereof, the person or persons so offending in the premises shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, of lawful money of Great, for every bushel (o obtained.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several officers of the said salt duties to enter into all and every the works, warehouses, and other plaees made use of by any proprietor or manufacturer of mineral alkali or flux fot glass, made from rock salt, salt rock, brine, or sea water, as aforesaid, either for the purpose of (taring or keeping the fame, or of (taring or keeping any salt, brine, or sea water, for the purpose or under colour of making the same; and that if any such proprietor or manufacturef that, from and after the said twenty-second day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, upon due request or de^ tnand made by the officers for the said duties in the daytime, or in the night in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, refuse to permit such officer to enter and come into any such works, warehouses, (tarehouses, and other places, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, thp sum °* forty pounds.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aunty aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any duty on such Glauber (alts as shall be made or produced in any of the precedes making mineral alkali or flux for glass, as aforesaid, and which Glauber salts shall be truly and bona fide expended and consumed in making such mineral alkali or flux for glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the manufacture of kelp, barilla, or flux for glass, ©adc in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies arising by the said several additional rates and duties, herein-hefore by this act granted, shall from time w rime be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer bs tn« respective commissioners for the duties on (hit in England anu Scotland for the time being, at such times, and in such manned

782.] Anno vicesimo secundo OsoROli III. C. 59. 45

s the prescrit duties on salt art by any law now in force directed o be paid, (the necessary charges of railing, collecting, and icconnting for the lame, being dedu&ed), for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, distinct and apart from all other monies which such commissioners respectively shall receive for the nfe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the aforesaid rates and duties, and paid into the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from the other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever;

and the said money, (o paid into the said receipt of exchequer Application as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and thereof, revenues, as shall be granted by any adfc or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fond for the payment of the fevera) annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present foffion of parliament, intituled. act for raffing d attain fun of money by way of anmntits9 and for a

but*!* ': '

XI. And whereas by an aft9 made in the eighth year of the reign Part of an act of his present Majesty, all fold salt9 called by the several names of of % Goo. y

Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt ~Sca(c, Sand Scale, or Cryftings, or other foul salt produced in the manufacturing of white within the kingdom tfEngland, dominion of Wales, town #/Berwick

upon Tweed, and to be uftd in the manuring of /lands charged with a duty of four pence a bufiplonly* foe the encouragement of

culture and all per font are thereby refrained, under a certain penalty therein mentioned* from employing, or using or ton firming such foul

salt for any other purposes whatsoever than that of manuring of land:

and whereas, notwithstanding the restriction in abufts

are committed contrary to the intent and meaning Tunes*.

fee the better and more effectually preventing any fiuh for the i7tt, no grey future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no grey or ferow salt, jest (crow fair, salt scale, (and scale, or cruftings, brother foul produced Bit whatsoever, produced and to be produced at any of the salt wmSjii £ne« works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and Und from the town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of stich manufactur-white salt as aforesaid, upon, and from and after the twenty- I"® of second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- [,^ ffoin two, shall be removed or carried away from the works whefo the said works the Bme shall be produced, without notice first given to the without gnr-officer attending such works, or who shall reside nearest thereto; Bgnotkuin* and without having been first well and sufficiently mixed, in the prefenefe of such officer, at the expence and charge of the pur- Out chafer or purchasers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof^ with mixed mth common chimney coal foot, in the proportion of two bushets of (hot, fee. foot to one hundred buihelr of such fair; and that if any person Penalty, or persons shall presume to remove or carry away such foul salt from the said works, without baying been so mixed with foots

as

4$ Afntfa tfideSnto Conan <k> GeorgiI HI. C. 4& [17

ki aforesaid, he, she, or they shall* lor eveny such offence, fatef and pay the Ami of twenty (biUings for every buffael of Cujcb foul kit j one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdfcft, and ihe other moiety thereof to such person or persons who^»U inform or sue for the lame; and to he recovered, and levied io inch manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, any line, forfeiture, or penalty, is jqr may be recovered fey aay law or laws of excise, or by adianof debt, bill, plaint, or infat jnation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record* at Westmnfiu wherein no cfloin, prptedloa, or privilege, wager of law, or mom than ope imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be k Anther eng&ed by the authority aforesaid, E^kSs., Th* tf'»y^onorp«r(bns fall, at any time or ti«, thit atf, may sued, mole ft ed, or prafecuted, for any thing by him or them plead the ge- done or executed in pusfuance of this act, or of any cl spile, mat-aeral issue, ,tery or thing herein contained such periop and persons Audi an^ may plead the general kTue, and give the (jpedal. matter in eyi* denoe for his and thqir. defence; and if pponahoonal a vttdid fiuH pass far the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff er »d recover shall become noofuked, then filth defendant or debar

trehk cofit dants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against d^fdaintiffor ph^tiffs.* Tv:

r

CAP. XL.

An act for punching personss iaitfutiy and deflrefing

titfo/wr, jtlk, linen, orcotton pods, -or aky implements prepared or ufid in the manufacture and repealing mink if

two aits,made in the twefih year of King George the tofyW inibe fifth year of bh prefer# a) ofper fins deftreyingunywoelttn erfilk manufactures t orany iwfi metis prepared for, erufid therein.

tenable. WHEREAS many violences and outrages buuabm fregntdl y, icemmitted by raided and defiwrfiogd*

mnufa&urt* of vml* fid, tinea* and tie materials* nab

ladle* and ,oder utensils prepared far er used therein: and tubereeSi ? V fo+ theprevention of futb violences and.outrages for the future, it h neqssary exemplary punishment fimldbe iuflifted Upon futb ef endecs:

* ipay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ensued}

5 c fa it enaUfd, by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with " th* advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, aoo

‘ p-V WWWi in this prefeot parliament a&eibled, and by thea^ ^hSSk" *he Arne, That if any person or persons. (hell, by day

iw Wfhwh flight, break into any houte or (hup, or einer by force iato withiowntt* hook or (bop; with intent tacut pr deftnoy any # cigipr dffopflther woollen gewfekt the loom, or any.tools employed imnafr "jyjwfa1 ingtknwfi or shall wilfully and ma&ioefiy cut or destroy*®? fools^din or wooden, goods in the loom, or on the rack?

manufaAur- shall bum, cut, or destroy, -any rack on which any such sages ing thereof, von other woolko goods ffc banged in order to dry nrlwu

1?8s.] Anno vjcsfimo fiwuodo GeoROH UI; €>4*.

wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any tools used in making any such forges nr other woollen goods, not having tfa#, content of the owner so to do; every such offender* being there* of lawfully coiivicted, shall be guilty of felony, withom benefit ©fcleigy.

II. And be it further enacted by $cauthority yfomfoid, That fflf., if any person or persons shall, bydayor bynigju, bfed; to^ufedJk -

bode or (hop, or enter by force into, any hopfe or #rpp, with. manafaS* intent to cut or destroy any velvet, wrought fitk, or (ilk mixed ing thereof, with any other materials, or other silk roamifo#ure, in the loom* ^a,l b« deem* or any warp or finite, tools, tackle, or uteu&ls fii^ll wilfully

and maliciously cut or deftly any velvet, wrought,silk* or silk y* mixed with any other materials, or other (ilk manufacture, fa the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, talkie* or ujgpfiU, pre* pared or employed in or for the making thereof; pot (fall vjjfo fully and maticiously break or ddUoy-any tools, tackle,.or men* iils, used in or for the weaving or tnakiHgof any inch velvet# wrought (ilk, or (ilks mixed with pay other otfaf

silk goods or 61k manufacturt, not having tfa cpqifa^of thg owner Co to do; every such offender, being thereofJaw/ullp

convi£«d,shall be guilty of fefjwqf# without bepf&<of clergy*

III. And be it further ega&ed -byrtheauihoriry afefefiud, I'hei Persont enter* if any person or persons shall, by day or by <otgb£* bseek into W "P fa®* any house or Ihop, or enter by force into any hofac or (hop, jJen^cac with intent to cut and destroy any linen or cotton* Or ifoefl end or destroy toy cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen or cotton linen or cotton manufactures, in the loony or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle,

and utensils; or shall wilfully andnndicTOufly cut or destroy any

linen or cotton, or linen or cottom unwed with any other pwh of tcrials, or otherlinen and1 cotton manpfe&ure, in the ioom> or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, and utensils* prepared fox or employed in the making thereof; or (haty ^ifojiy and mahei- ously break and destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils, iifed in or for the carding, (pfennig, Weaving, preparing; drmu&n£,~2i vw

any way whatever, any fttCh linen or cot tow, or listen orebtton mixed with any other materials, or otherlioeivahd cotdoa goods; or linen and cotton roanufa&trret <what soeverf n»t: having the content of the owner so to do; every such ^ffitnder; b#iogiHerei :. vt> of lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of felony* without benefit -

of clergy. c 3 l' 1 ‘ :V_ ’*

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority ofonsfifid. That Far tftf i.v Geo,

lb much of ana6, made'in the twelfth ynariof the reigliuf Kin g 1 «w*.

George the First, intituled An t* prevent unlawful

/workmen employed in the woOUenrnanrtfa&eaet]sk&fwrpftterpty* '?"

mtof ekeir tenges, as relates too the punishwrwitof ^effort sVWta r V :. Audi, by day or by night, break into any house or? fiuip, Tbr4fi* » *- - r

ter by force iotoany houte drihopv with ineant foPBuror destroy i ' anyforge or other woollen goods in (the loom, ofarff lool^etn

P»yed in the making the veof; or shall wifforiy dadmttftooufiy ‘ mu or destroy anyfoch tergeawr wooikn goods in the loom ot enfecrack; or f^U burn; cot, x>r destroyr^hyittdk «ft ^rWeh

any

4$ Anno vicesimo fccUndo III. £. 41.

[178

any such serges or other woollen goods are hanged in order t<f «hry; or Hull wHfuIly and maliciously bVeak or destroy any tools tiled in the making any such serges or other woollert goods, not having the consent or the owner so to do; (h*ll be, and is hereby repealed.

fart of 6 Geo. V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That. S^c.sS, 10- lb much of an act» made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought silks and vely for a limited time; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk

faRure* as relates to the punishment of persons who shall, by* day or by night, break into any house or (hop, or enter by forctf into any house or (hop, with intent to cut or destroy any velvet, wrought (ilk, or silk mixed with any other materials, or other* silk manufacture, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any velvet, wrought silk, or (iHt mixed with any other materials, or other (ilk manufacture, in the loom^ or any warp or' (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils, prepared or employed in or for1 the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously break oi' destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils, used in or for the weaving ~ ‘ ' ' or making any such velvet, wrought silks, or silks mixed with any other materials, or other silk goods or silk manufacture, not having the consent of the owner so to doj shall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XLI.

An act for better feeuring the freedom of of members to

in parliamenti by di/abling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majesty's , from giving the it

votes ett fiub ebfltons.

[Preamble.]

T70H the hitter feeuring the freedom of of members ft

I? sieve in parliament, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiriJ tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afj Prom Aug.«, sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and if- 178t.no com- ter the firib day of Augu/l, one thousand seven hundred and missioner or eighty-two, no commissioner, collector, supervisor, gauger, of ptaytri^col- °*"cr °fficer or person whatsoever, concerned or employed in leCnng or the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of ex managing the cife, or any branch or part thereof; nor any commissioner, col-d"tie* °ftXm sector, comptroller, searcher, or other officer or person whatso-&c/£aU°bav« cvcr> concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levy-any vote in tag* or managing the costoms, or any branch or part thereof; the election of nor any commissioner, officer, or other person concerned or em-members of ployed in collecting, receiving, or managing, any of the duties parliament. on vellum, parchment* and paper, nor any perfotT appointed by the commissioners for distributing of stamps i Aor any commissioner, officer, or other person employed in collecting#

i?82.} Anno vicesimo securiclo G£oRG*I I1L C. 4r. 49

infe levying, or managing, any of the duties on salt; nor any surveyor, collector, comptroller, inspector, officer, or other per-

(bn employed in collecting, managing, or receiving, the duties dn windows or houses; nor any postmaster, postmasters general, or hb of their deputy or deputies, or any person employed by or under him or them in receiving, collecting, -or managing: the revenue of the pod-office, or any part thereof, nor any cap-

tiin, master, or mate, of any ship, packet, or other vessel, employed by or under the postmaster or postmaster* general in conveying the mail to and from foreign ports, shall be capable of giving his vote for the election of any knight of the shire, commissioner, citizen, burgess, or baron, to serve in parliament for any county, stewartry, city, borough, or cinque port, or for chusing toy delegate in whom the right of electing members to serve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland* is veiled; and if any person hereby made incapable of voting as Penalty on aforesaid, shall neverthelefa presume to give his vote, during the time he shall hold, or within twelve calendar months after he qualified by shall cease to hold or execute any of the offices aforesaid, con- this act. trary to the true intent and meaning of this act, such votes so given shall be held null and void to air intents and purposex < whatsoever, and every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the' hands of the treasurer of the county, riding, or aivision, within which such offence shall have been committed, in that part of Great Britain called England; and into the hands of the clerk of the justices of the peace of the counties or stewartries* in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,to be applied and disposed of to such purposes as the justices at the next general quarter session of the peace to be held for such coupty, stewartry, riding, or division, shall think fit; to be recovered by any person that shall foe for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at -

fter* in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by (ummary-complaint before the court of session in Scotland; and the person convicted on any such suit shall thereby become disabled and' incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of trull whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothfngin this Not to extend aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any pcnbn or persons for or by reason of his orthelr being a coni- ^xth^r miflbner or commissioners of the land tax, or for or by reason po-fens aftieg of his or their acting by or under the appointment of such com- under them} missioners of the land tax, for the purpose of assessing, levying, collecting, receiving, or managing the land tax, or any other rates or duties already granted or imposed, or which shall hereafter be granted or imposed by authority of parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing nor to offices in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hc,d by letters Vot. XXXIV. £ any P»tent/or

5°

eft ate of inheritance]

nor to persons

who shall resign their offices before Aug. i, 178s. Limitation of actions*

Anno vicesimo fcpupdo Georgii III. c. 4 2.[178a.

any office now held, or usually granted to be held, by letters patent for any estate of inheritance or freehold*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any person who shall resign his office or employment on or before the said first day of duguft% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or impofejJ, unless prosecution be commenced within twelve months after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLII.

An act for building a stone bridge cross the river of Thames, from the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, to the opposite shore in the hamlet of Kew, in the county of Surrey.

Recital of an act 30 Geo. a. c. 63. and an act 31 Geo. s. c. 46. Robert Tunstall esquire,^ his heirs, &c. impowered to build, at his and their expence, a stone bridge cross the Thames, near adjoining to the place where Kew bridge now stands. Satisfaction to be made to the proprietors and occupiers of lands, &c. No gravel, sand or mud to be removed between Kew and the oppoiite aytes. The corporation of London, nor any other persons to remove the (hoals now in the river Thames, for the (pace of 300 yards below the bridge, except such (hoals shall be increased and accumulated, and then they may be reduced to their present level, as the surveyors to be appointed by the city committee, and by the owners and occupiers of wharfs and warehouses of Brentford on the banks of the river shall agree. If the wharf owners. &c. of Brentford shall neglect to appoint a surveyor, the city of London may reduce the (hoals. The bridge to consist of seven arches, the centre one to be 66 feet wide, the next two 55 feet, the next two 45 feet xo inches, and the other two 38 feet inches, and the way for passengers, carriages and horses over the bridge, to be not left than *4 feet wide between the parapets. 344feet and inches water way. The abutment pier on the Surrey fide of the river to be half on the pre-dent towing path, and half on the bed of the river. Road to the bridge to be 45 feet wide. Corporation of London impowered to build a flight of stone steps is feet wide on the weft fide of the Middlesex abutment of the new bridge, for the use of the publick to be repaired by the said corporation. Watermen not to carry passengers aero is the river to the prejudice of the tolls. Bridge vested in Robert Tunstall esquire, his heirs and if-signsj who may take toll thereat, as follows

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, calalb, or other vessele, drawn by fix horses, or other cattle, the sum of two shillings and sixpencet

For every coach, chariot, laudau, berlin, chaise, chair, calafti, or other vessele, drawn by four horses, or other cattle, the sum 0/one shilling and fttpence j and on Sundays, the sum of two shillings t

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, calalb, or other vessele, drawn by three horses, or other cattle, the sum of one dulling end two-pence j and on Sundays, the sum of one shilling and eight-pence 1

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, calaih, or other vessele, drawn by two horses, or other cattle, the fom of one (billiogi on Sundays, the sum of one shilling and sixpencet

For every chaise, chair, or other vessele, drawn by one horse, or other beast, the sum of right-pence; and on Sundays, the ium of one shilling1

For every waggon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by more than fix horses, or other cattle, the sum of two shillings;

L.

*, 9

17S2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. 5*

tof every waggon, wairt, <lray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by. four, and not more than fix bortes, or other cattle, the fiim.of one Hulling and fix peace; and by two or three horses, or other-cattle, the sum of one shilling *, and by one horse, or other beast, the sum of eight-pence, except hirers and bakers carts, drawn by one horse or beast only:

Tor every higler's or baker's cart, drawn by oof horse or other beast. only, the sum of sixpence s For emv horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of two pence s For every foot passenger whatsoever, one halfpenny and if with a wheelbarrow, or such like carriage, one penny:

For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the sum of three shillings and four-pence per (core; and after that rate for any greater or less number:

For every drove of calves, bogs, fiiecp, or lambs, the sum of sixpence petTcore j and after that rate for any greater or less number.

1 V

Tolls vetted in Robert Tunstall esq; his heirs and assigns, and may be le- ' vied Wf dtttrefs and sale. The driver of any carriage to pass toll free. The proprietor may lessen the tolls, and raise them again. Sale may be made of lands necessary to be made use of in building the bridge, by any bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or foie, feoffees m trtft, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees for laasfieks and ideots, and other trustees, and they are indemnified by this act. Commissioners of the land tax to settle differences touching satis-Action to be made for houses, lands, &c. Where persons refuse to treat about sale of lands, or are disabled from treating, commissioners are to settle die dirhage and recompence by a jury. Jury to be summoned by the sheriff. »*-ro be the jury, and to be drawn as act 3 Geo. *. directs. Wit-netfts may be examined on oath. Jury to aflVfs the damages. Commissioners to give judgement for the fame. Verdict of the jury, &c. to be fioal. Two transcripts of said verdicts and decrees to be signed and sealed; one to be transmitted to Mr. Tunstall, and the other to the clerk of the peace for the county. The fame, or copies thereof, to be admitted as evidence, See. Upon payment or tender of the sum assessed. the lands,

Stc. may be entered and made use of In default of a sufficient number of jurymen, standers by, &c. to be returned. Commissioners may fine (beriff, Jory, bailiffs, See. making default in the premises. Fine not to ex-, ceed 40s. and to be paid to Mr. Tunstall. Commissioners or others not to act where interested. Lands, See. not to be entered on till payment, or deposit made of the recompence, except to survey and mark out the ground. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Damages omitted to be provided for, to be settled by a jury. On default of payment, to be levied by distress and Tale, together with costs; or the party may have his remedy at common law. Application to be made to the commissioners within six months after damage done. Overflowing*of the neighbouring, lands. See. io be guarded against. Meetings of commissioners to be within t»o mites of the place where the matter shall arise. Rent assessed to be grid quarterly. On default of payment, to be sued for at common law.

Iteftruying the bridge deemed a capital felony. Boatmaster answerable for any damage done by his boat or crew. When the passage of the bridge flttH be hnpra&teabie, or become dangerous, a ferry, &c. to Tw; provided s tube continued no longer than whilst the bridge is repairing. The bridge, not rateable to any tax. Rights of the city of London on the river referred to them. The prifent bridge to be taken down. Proprietor to fta temporary bridge, &c. if needful; to continue no longer than ne-c*firy. No penbn to carry passengers, See. cross the said river for hire, except where ferries now are. Loaded waggons, Sec. passing over the prtfirut bridge, or over any temporary bridge, to be subject to the re-golations, both as to weight and breadth of wheels, of the 13 Geo. 3. c.;

H if the said bridge was a turnpike road. New bridge made liable to a debt of 3,6001. and interest, due to Elilha Bifcoe esquire. The acts 30 sad 31 Geer, a* to be repealed on the opening the (tone bridge. Hackney coaches, Sec, plying for hire at the bridge, may be regulated by order of

E % the

Anno vicesimo ftcundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1782.

the commilConert of hackney coache*, or two justicea of Middlesea, tail their orders to be fixed up at the bridge. Penalty on coachmen for non* obfenrance of such regulations, not more than 40 s. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the use of the poor of the parish of Ealing, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's Roods, and in default thereof may be committed to the hou'e of correction, or other prison of the county, and kept to hard labour for a month. Limitation of aftkms against persons acting under this act, within six months after the fad, and to laid in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble con. To be a publick act.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for making a passage for carriages from Spitalfields to Bishop%*so-street, in the county of Middlesex, and for paving the fame) and for appropriating to those purposes the money arisen by virtue of an passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for applying JJ sum of nine thousand pounds, to anse out of the orphans fund, for making such passage.

Ad 18 Geo. 3. c. 78. recited. And that 9,000l. had been paid by the nayo*» Sec. of London, by ninety bonds for securing too 1. each, to John Spilkf and John Baker, junior, with condition for paying annuities after the nw of 41. 10 s. per cent.jper ann. which was first to be applied towards the expences of the said act, and afterwards for defraying the expences of the passage, and (after paying for the said act, the bonds and other incidental expences) the said Spiller and Baker had purchased other bonds, and were then possessed of 105 bonds, and also of 300 L Commissioners named, and on death, or refusal to act for one year of any commissioner, a new one to be appointed by writing junder the bands of the other commissionert, on ten days notice affixed on the church door. Meetings of commissionert to be on the second Wednesday after passing the ad, and may adjourn themselves as they think proper, and if at any meeting the re shall not be a fuflkient number of commissioners to ad or to adjourn, or that they should omit to adjourn, the clerk on two days notice to appoint a meeting, and in default thereof any commissioner may. Quorum of commissij oners to ad not left than five. Orders and proceedings to be confirmed at the next meeting and signed by the chairman. Qualification of commissioners (not to Tell ale, &c. by retail, nor to ad where interested^m whilst he has any place of profit under the ad, or a flisre in any contrs#/ and to have in right of himself or wife in possession lands, Sec- of 40l. P* ann. clear value, or 10001. personal estate. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501. to be recovered by action of debt. Commissioners may appoint dene, treasurer, surveyor, and other officers, and allow them fa*4-ties. Officers to account, &c. Officers neglecting to account, Sec. be prosecuted. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distrefe. 0,1 failure of distress, &c. the offender to be committed. Limitation of confinement to six calendar months. Penalty on officers taking more than their settled fees, falariet, &c. 1001. to be recovered by action of debt, #c* in six months. For recovery of monies. See. in officers hands, in caseo* death or bankruptcy, to be paid in preference to all other creditor^, and to be paid inten days after demand, or may be recovered by action with foil costs. That Messrs. Spiller and Baker shall deliver the bonds to the commissioners. The new street to be from Crispin-street near SpitalfieWs > church into Bishopsgate street. Houses to be taken down vested in the commissioners. Sewers to be made in the new street. The positionoj water pipes to be altered -where necessary. Watercourses to be arched over, and the new street to be raised. Drains and sewers to be made. Bodies politick, Sec. enabled to sell and convey lands, &c. If parties refute to treat, a jury to ascertain the value and damages. The jury to be fom* moned by precept to the sheriff of Middlesex or London, or bailiff of Tower liberty, as the premises may lie. Jurors may be challenged. Verd|d«

imYi

y

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44.

{017, See. to be final. On payment of the money assessed parties to convey.

On failure of making out a good title, Sec. the money to be lodged in the bank. Verdicts, See. to be registered with the clerk of the peace for Middlesex, or liberty of the Tower, or clerk of the peace or arraigns of Lon*' don, Purebafe money may be placed in the publick funds. Persons en* titled to mrlne profits to receive dividends. Unless purchase money be paid within three calendar months, verdids not to be binding. Expenceo tf the jury to be paid, if for a greater lum than offered by the commis* fienen,-by them, but if for left, by the other party, or deduded out of the money to be paid. Purebafe money may be laid out in other estates, to be settled to the like uses. That conveyances by femes-covert shall be valid. Mortgagees, in possession of the premises, to quit the fame on being paid their principal money with interest. When mortgagees refute to accept their money, payment into the bank is to be made. Purchase monies, fee. to be paid out of the produce of the bonds. Tenants to quit on fia months notice. Fines on sheriff, Sec. or jurymen, for neglect or mifbo-haviour, not more than rot. to be recovered with costs, by distrefe and sale of the offender's goods, and applied to the purposes of the ad. Ad to be tucoted within five years. Commissioners to buy the whole of any pre-"fas* where the owner desires it, and may dispose of overplus ground. Buildings may be erected on part of the ground of the new street or placet lobe arched over or filled up. New houses to be erected in an uniform line, and no porticoes, benches or bow-windows on penalty of 501. Money may be borrowed on houses purchased, and not wanted immediately to be taken down. Such mortgages may be assigned. The new street to be paved. Penalty on persons not fulfilling contracts to be contained therein, and may be recovered with full costs, to be applied for the purposes of the ad. Ground may be hired for digging gravel or lodging materials. Penalties on persons obstructing commdhoners and others in esscutioaof their duty. For the first offence sos. the second 40s. and every ether j I. The parts of the new'street, when finished, to be under the respective jurisdictions to which they belong. The name of the new street to be put of Expences of this act to be first paid. Actions to be brought in thenameof the clerk or treasurer. Writings to be without stamps. Pc- ' Baltics and forfeitures to be recovered by distrefe and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels by warrant of a justice of the peace, and to be applied to the purposes of this act. In default of distrefe, the party may be committed to toe house of ebrredion for not more than two months, nor less than seven days, if not sooner paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions$ giving six days notice. Distrefe not to be deemed unlawful for want ot form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari* Limitation of actions against persons acting under this act, not till jo days notice, and within fix'months after the fad, and not after fender of amends; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and may have treble costs. To be a publick act. To this act is annexed a schedule of the houses and build* aga to be taken down, and ground to be used for making the opening.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for amending the pavement in, and for lighting some of the street lanes, ways, and places, in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the provisions of an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to amend and render more effectual several act made relating to paving, deanfing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and ocher places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent,) and for preventing nuisances and annoyances in or near the fame} and for making an opening from Orchard-street, and widening some part of Wood-street, and of Little Peter-street*

Eg Ad

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44. [‘1782.

Act 11 Geo. 3. c. at. recited. The houses in the streets, &c. exempted in the receited act are gone much more to decay since such exemption; and the pavements in a ruinous ttate, See. If power was given to amend the pavement?, and light the streets, Sic. it would be a means of raising the value of estates there. Commissioners appointed for those purposes, to be the veil rymen of Saint John the Evangelist, the churchwardens of Saint Margaret, and seven per fens chosen.by the vestry there, to be boufeKoldert in some of the streets, &c. to be improved with ten persons to be named by the commissioners at their first meeting, and in cate of vacancy of any of the seven for Saint Margaret, by death, nonresidence, or refusal to a ft,the vestry to chuse another. Disqualification, being a viftnailer felling ale. Sic.by retail, holding place of profit under this act, or having share «if a contract, nor (except the persons named at the first meeting) unless a wef-tvyroin of Saint John the Evangelist, or churchwarden of Saint Morgans, or an householder as aforesaid. Penalty on acting not being qualified joL to be recovered by action, See.and the onus probandi to lie on the defendant. Commissioners who are justices may act as such; except where interested, or as to making rates. Justices may administer oaths. Com—if floners rpay bring actions in their clerk’s name. First meeting at the vofiry room of Saint John on the second TueWay after pa(sing the act, and offer, wards as they may think proper, and if a sufficient number do not to act, or adjourn, or omrt to adjourn, the clerk may call a meetingoo eight days' notice, and in default, five commissioners may appoint a meeting in fourteen days. All orders to be made by the majority at pubftek meetings. Commissioners to pay their own expences. Quorum of oom-inissioners appointed to be five. Commissioner* may appoint a dork* treasurer, cotleftors of rates, surveyors, and other officers, and perform to remove nuisances, and allow them salaries. Officers to give security, and to account, and pay the balance, or they may be sued* Balance may be levied by distress. On failure of distrefe, offender to be committal til) he gives a full account, and pays or compounds the money doe; bat such commitment not to discharge sureties. No person to be committed for more than three calendar months. Officers taking any reward other than their salaries j or being interested in any bargain made by tfce commissioners; are disqualified from being employed under this act, and to forfeit 501. On death of officers, or becoming insolvent, executors. Sec. to account; and to pay the balance in preference to any other creditor} and may plead and give in evidence fuen payments. Commissioners in-powered to bring actions against executors, Sec. Streets, to be pawed, amended and clean fed. Stratton ground, Orchard-street, Duck-lane. Old Pye-street, New Pye street, and CoTlege-Jtreet, partly in the parish of Saint Margaret and partly in the parish of Saint John; and also the Great and Little Almonry, the New Way, New Tothill street, Dacre-street, Cooper, street, and Call I e lane, wholly in the parish of Saint Margaret i and luce, wife all other streets at present excluded from the provisions of the act u Geo. 3. before recited. Commissioners may bring actions for breach of contract, and recover the penalty, to be applied to the purposes of this act. This act not to extend to Dean's Yard, nor to extend to any streets, dec. hut those particularly named. Inhabitants to give notice to the surveyor when pavements want repair, which he is to view, and (if not from water pipes) the commissioners to order the same to be repaired by contraftor in a certain time, and if not done, he is to forfeit so s. per day till repaired, one half to the complainant, and the other for the purposes of this act. Lamps to be put up. Penalty on persons injuring lamps, Sec. wilfully, may be apprehended by warrant of a justice, or by the person seeing such offence committed without warrant, and others may assist, and to deliver the offender to a peace officer, to be dealt with according to law $ and if the pa^ty shall be convicted of wilfully breaking, throwing down, or damaging any lamp, or extinguishing the light, or damaging the posts, irons, or fur-jiit ire thereof, by conftflion or information on oath, to forfeit for the first oflT-nce sos. for the second 4.0 s. and for every other 31. and also to make fat s’action for the damage done, which if not immediately paid, to be committed to gaol or bridewell for Westminster, for not more than two mjutiis nor leis than ten days, if not (boner paid. Satisfaction to be made

178*.] Anno rkefimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44.

by persons negligently breaking lamps. to be ascertained by a justice, and levied by distress and sale of goods. Penalty on interrupting work* men, not more than 40s. nor less than 5 *. Property of lamps, See. veiled In the commii&oner9. Penalty on causing annoyances by calling, throw* ing, or laying ashes, filth, carrion, offal, blood, dud, dirt, or rubbifhin any of the said streets, Sec. for the first offence 5 s. for the second 7 s. 6 d. and every other 10a. Nuisanees to be removed on three days notice. Penalty on neglect *os. per day during the continuance after. Per font removing 'night foil contrary to this act may be committed for not more than two calendar months, nor less than ten days, and kept to hard la* boar, and the commissioners may order not more than aos nor let* than 5 s. to be paid to the detestor and prosecutor. Goods, and also carriages, obstructing the paftaae, may be seized, and securod Hll the offender pays all cefts, and also 5s. and if not claimed in two days maybe fold, and the aiohey arising the * efrom applied to the purposes of this act. Fences to be made againn waste grounds inten days after noHce, or may be done by the com* mifEoners, and the party to pay the expence, which may be recovered by action with coils. Commissioners impowered to purchase certain tenements, Sec.for widening streets. If parties cannot agree, a jury to be

foftunoned; who shall ascertain the recompence. to be made to owners ud occupiers. Verdict of jury, &c. to be final. Commissioners may fine the (horiff, Sec.making default. Witnesset may be examined on oath. Expences of the juries and witnesses to be paid by the commissioners if the Honey more than they have offered, if less by the other party. Bodies politick,*&c. iriapowered to (ell. Time limited for paying purchase money, three calendar months, or the judgement, Sec. to be void. If a jury u not called according to notice given, it shall not be done at any time aN terwards. Power to make rates, not exceeding the yearly sum of 1 s. d. in (he pound. Rates to be allowed by two justices, and power given to levy the same by distress and sale of goods5 and in default of goods, mayr be committed by two justices to gaol or the house of correction for two months, if the rate and costs are not (boner paid. Occupiers quitting without paying rates, may be followed. Rates may be sued for. £mpty Bouses shall be assessed at one half, to be paid by the owner, or by the irtt or other occupier, who may deduct the fame out of his rent, and the landlord to allow trie fame. Under-tenants, Sec. liable to the rates. Those rates lull be recovered as others, and deducted out of rents. Publick buildings and dead walls shall be assessed at 6d. per square yard per ann. Commmioners may mitigate rates. Power to make re-assessments if the col-teftor becomes insolvent, or embezzles the money collected. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Commissioners may borrow money at in-teveft, or raise money by sale of annuities. Annuities at the rate of 101. per cent, per ann. and the purchase money for any one not more thao 1501. Snd the whole sum to be borrowed not more than 1,000l. Commissioners order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his interest and annuity; which shall be charged upon the rates* Annuities deemed inde-sea<ibleestates} not chargeable to the land tax. Securities may be assigned, toties quoties. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. Monies may be raised by sale of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, foe the payment of the interest of the money borrowed. Expences of this sft to be paid out of the first money raised. Commissioners may compound for penalties. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress ^nd sale of the offender's goods by warrant of two justicesj and in default of goods, the party may be committed, for not more than two months nor left than ten days, if rate and costs be not paid before. Appeal may be made to the commissioners $ and afterwards to the quarter session. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session; giving eight days notice. Distress not to be unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to re-

cover if tender of amends made. Writings exempted from damp-duty. Proceedings to be entered inhooks, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari. Inhabitants exempt from former jaws, except the recited paving act of u Geo. j, dec, Limitation of ac-

E*

55

s6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 45. XIII-

tians for acting under tbit act, not till at days notice, or if amende be tendered, nor after six calendar months, and to be laid where the matter arose; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence) and have treble costs. To be a publick act.

Pr earn We.

After the end of this fefiioh, all persons holding con-trails for the publick fer. vice, shall be incapable of bring elected, or fitting in the bourn of commons.

Any nwber accepting a contrail, or continuing to hold any con* trail after the commence* ntent of the next session, his feat shall be void* ’ '

so e^cteijd to^mcorpo* ptvh trading companies.

CAP. XLV.

An act for refraining any person concerned in any

fion, or agreement, made for the publick being

or fitting and voting as a member of the house of commons*

FOR further securtug the freedom and independence of parBa* menty be it enacted by the Ring’s rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, any person who (bally redly or indirectly, hiopfelfy or by apy person whatsoever in trust for hiip, or for his use or benefit, or on hie account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, in the whole or in part, any con trad, agreement, or commimpn, made or entered into with, under, or from the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or of the navy or viituallin$ office, pr with the matter general or board of ordnance, or with any ope or more of such commissioners, or wish any other person or persons whatsoever, for or on account of the public^ service; or shall knowingly and filling! y furnish or provide, in pursuance of any such agreement, contrail, or commission, wfiich he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any money to be remitted abroad, or any wares or merchandize to be uied or employed in die fer-vree of the publick, shall be incapable of being deded, or of fitting pr voting as a member of the house of commons, during She time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy, any such coptrad, agreement, or commission, pr any part or (par? thereof, or any benefit or emolument arising from the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, being a member or the house of commons, shall direct,' or indireeffy, himself, or by any other person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or benefit, or on his account, enter into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute, in the whole or in part, any such contrail, agreement, or commission, as aforesaid; or if any person, being a member of the house of commons, and having already entered into any such contract, agreement, or commission, or part or share of any such contract, agreement, or commission, by himself, pr by any other person prhatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or benefit, or upon his account, shall, after the commencement of the next session of parliament, continue to bold, execute, or enjoy the fame, or any part thereof, the feat of every such person in the house of com-pions shall be, and is hereby declared to be void.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein coptaiped (hfili ex^epd, pr be conftrppd tQ extend, to any ponr

57

x 78s*]Anno vicesimo focundo Georgii III. c. 45.

m3, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, or ftCCCpt* ed, by any incorporated trading company in its corporate caps- city, nor to any company now existing or established and con* fitting of more than ten persons, where such contract, agreement, or commission, shall be made, entered into, or accepted, for the general benefit of such incorporation or company.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act Not to extend contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any con*

trad, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, or accept-

ed, before the passing of this act, the term whereof will expire 7W*

in the (pace of one year from the time of making thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any con- Oataferetaive Had, agreement, or commission, has been made, entered into, to contndt or accepted, with a provision that the feme shall continue until "bich are not a year’s notice be given of the intended diflblution thereof, the

feme shall not difeble any person from fitting and voting in par* be fivem Hanot until one year after the said notice shall be actually given for the determination of the said contract, agreement, or commission, or riH after twelve calendar months, to becQmputed from the dmeof patting tbit ad.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not to extend containedshall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person to contracts by on whom, after the passing of this act, the completion of any defeent, &c. cootrad, agreement,or commission, shall devolve by defeent or ^cmthipoffeT limitation, or by marriage, or as devisec, legatee, executor, or gon. p sdmkiffincor, until twelve calendar months after he shall have been in possession of the same.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any person who Members

is now a member of the house of commons, and holds and en* holding oon-joys any such contract, agreement, or commission, as aforesaid, may be discharged from the execution thereof on giving twelve therefromow months notice to the person or persons with or from whom such giving i» contract, agreement, or commission, is made, entered into, or month* nt* accepted, of his desire that the same shall cease and determine;tKe* and such contract, agreement, or commission, after the expiration of the term aforesaid, shall be null and void,

VIII. Provided also, Thar if any person actually possessed of cUafe relative a patent for a new invention, or a prolongation thereof by act to patentees of parliament, and having contracted with government concern* far new in-ing the pbjed of the said patent before the passing of this act, foil give notice of his intention to dissolve the said contract, foe same shall be pull and void from the time of giving such notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If an? person *Phajt if any person hereby di fabled, or declared to be incapably tofit or vote in parliament, shall nevertheless be returned as a member to serve for any county, stewartry, city, borough, town, rinque port, or place, in parliament, such election and return be void, are hereby epacted and declared to be void: and if any person, Pf*

disabled and declared incapable by this act to be elected, shall, ^"8

ter the end of this prciciu le$on of parliament* prgfxm# to Soiife of com*

fit mom att«r

s«

this (eflion, shall forfeit cool, for each day.

A condition to be inserted in all publick contracts, that no member of the house of commons shall bare any share thereof. Penalty on cont razors who shall admit any member of the hook of commons to any share of their coatra&s.

Limitation of actions.

vfcdfimb fccutKto GiStiRBlI III. C. 4& £*y8z.

fit or vote as a member of the house of commons, such person ip fitting or voting shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds for every day in which he shall fit or vote io the said house* to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts at Wefhmnfler} and the money so forfeited shall be recovered by the person or persons so suing, with full cofit of suit, in any of the said courts* by any afiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no essoin, privilege, protediM, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed j or by fumtnary complaint before the court of session in Scoe-land; and every person, against whom any such penalty or forfeiture shall be recovered by virtue of this afiy shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking or holding any contract, agree* roent, or commission, for the publick service, or any ihare there* of, or any benefit or emolument from the same* in any manner what foe ver.

X. And be it enacted, That in every such contract,j agree*

meat, or commission, to be made, entered into, or ^accepted, as aforesaid, there shall be ioferted an express condition, that no member of the house of commons be admitted to any dare or part of such contract, agreement, or commifixon, or to any benefit to arise therefrom: and that in case any person or penbo* who hath or have entered into or accepted, or who shall enter into or accept, agy such contract, agreement, or coanmifion, shall admit any member or members of the house of commons to any part or share thereof, or to receive any benefit thereby, all and everj such person and persons shall, for every such oil-fence, forfeit and pay the fom of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by any person or persons who shall foe

for the fame, by any action of deot, bill, plaint, or information, in which no euoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary complaint before the court of session in Scotland.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty inflified by this a#, unless a prosecution shall be commenced within twelve calendar months after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to enable his Majesty to conclude a peace or truce with certain colonies in North America therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

\\7 WHEREAS it is essen to the inter efts* and -

sperity oj Great Britain, and of the colonies or plantations of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode liland, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three.lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carojin?, and Georgia, in North America, that peace > trade, and commerce, Jbsuldbe restored between them; whereforey

and

J»

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

and fer a full ntamfefiation ofthi eamejl wifi and desire Adds

jessy and his parliament to put an end to the calamities of war9 be it coasted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con Cent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* toons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of ihc fame. That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma- His Majesty jesty to treat, consult of, agree, and conclude, with any commis- impoweredto boner or commissioners, named or to be named by the said co~ conclude a loiiies or plantations, or any of them respectively, or with any P*5e°r body or bodies corporate or politick, or any assembly or a(Tem~ JJje, in blies, or description of men, or any person or persons whatso- America ever, a peace or a truce with the said colonies or plantations, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof; any law, act or acts of parliament, matter, or thing, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And, in order to obviate any impediment, obstacle, or delay, fa the tarrying the intentions of his Majesty and his parliament into effed, which might arifi from any, act or acts of parliament offering w relating to the said colonies or plantations, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai, for the concluding and efta- *nd, for that bribing of a.peace or truce with the said colonies or plantations, PurP°l*>to or any of them, his Majesty shall have full power and authority, juSsndTh? by virtue of this act, by his letters patent, under the great seal operation of 0i Great Britain, to repeal, annul, and make void, or to (ufpend, any act* so far foe any time or times, the operation and effect of any act or acts f* ^ex.r®,atc of parliament which relate to the said colonies or plantations, ionics. ld C°* or any of them, so far as the fame do relate to them, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, or any clause, provision, or matter therein contained, so far as such clauses, providons, or ’ matters relate to the said colonies or plantations, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That this all, as to the Continuance ercifeof the powers and authorities hereby given to his Majesty, of this act.

shall continue to be in full force until the hrft day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLVII.

Ah alt for licensing lottery office keepersand regulating the fate of lottery tickets.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS // lotteries, except such as are permitted by aQ

of parliament, are contrary, to law, and punishable under va-n«u statutesof this realm: and whereas, to prevent the abuse of

fab lotteries as for the time being are eJIMJbed

is fit that there, should be a permanent regulation, both of the -

ers of lottery offices, and of the file of lottery tickets: and whereas it faonx a common practice in London, and other places of Great Britain, to have offices for felling tickets in lotteries efiabl\fiid in Ire- '

Irish qBs of parliament: and whereas it is thought expedient to aUm of the filling fucbIrifli tickets within Great Britain, on the

ttms of having the file of them under the fame regulations as are herein*

tfceftamp-

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1782.

herein after appointed for tickets in lotteries established by British cBs of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflero-fnfc tickets bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful t5ef*»e0^a"?to buy an<I «U» within all parts of Great, (except within

ner as British universities of Oxford and ), any ticket or tickets

tickets* in any lottery or lotteries now authorised or hereafter to be authorised by any Irish act of parliament, or any share or shares of any ticket or tickets in any such Irish lottery or lotteries, in the same manner as if such Irish tickets were tickets in a lottery established by an act of the parliament of Great Britain.

No person to

II. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall,

keep a lottery, publicklyor privately, open, set up, exercise or keep, by hirofelf taSf* ^oota* k«riMf*or any olhcr person or persons, any office for buying, IkenS from felling, or qr her wife dealing in any tickets, or for rtgiftcring the numbers of any tickets in the lottery authorised by any ad of the present session of parliament, or in any lottery which shall be authorised by any future act of parliament; or m any lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any Irish net of parliament; or shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up, or using any such office, without /irft taking out a licence for that purpose from the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, in manner herein after mentioned._

III. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners* or any three of them, are hereby impowered and required, by writing under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for an office Tor felling and dealing in lottery tickets, authorised by law, to all and every person and persons applying for the fame; but, previously to the delivery of any such licence, and before it shall have any effect, there shall be paid, over and above all other payments to which the person or persons taking out such licence may be respectively liable by any other act of parliament, whether as brokers, or otherwise, the sum of fifty pounds for every such licence, at the stamp-office, at the time such licence shall be delivered to the person or persons applying for the fame; and every such sum of fifty pounds shall be applied towards defraying the expences of the stamp-office in executing this act, and otherwise in manner herein after prescribed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such licence shall

for^k the name set forth the true name and place of abode of the person or per-takiiwoutThe sons taking out the fame; and also the particular house or place fame?&c. and where such business or dealing in lottery tickets shall be carried to continue in on; and such licence shall continue in force for twelve calendar force for one months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every person acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expiration of such licence, without the authority of a new licence, to be taken out in the same manner, shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed person.

Each licence to colt $ol.

Liceice to set

1y$2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no licence shall be granted for having any such lottery office as aforesaid within the universities of Oxford and, or either of Oxford or them; and if any licence shall be granted for any such lottery Cambridge, office within either of the said universities, it shall be void and of noeffeU; and the person or persons ailing under such licence shall be liable to the same penalty as an unlicensed person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Persons keep,

persons who shall open, set up, or keep, any office for buying. In* an7 dfics felling, or otherwise dealing in such lottery tickets, as aforesaid,

or any shares thereof, or for registering the numbers of such forfeit iool» tickets, without the authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in

any other house or place besides that named in the licence which he, she, or they, shall have, or in any other manner contraty to such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this present act, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred-pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Certain words and persons to be licensed under this all, shall cause the words,10

Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, to be written or expressed, in ttcemied legible characters, upon or near the door in the front of his, office, her, or their office, (hop, or other place for felling of tickets, to dendte that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers in lottery tickets, and liable to take out a licence; and if any person or persons shall presume to fell or deal in such lottery tickets as aforesaid without complying with the said provision, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every day in which such offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-'P^oaltp on

fons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged SjSSanv U-or counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any li- y

cence authorised to be made by this all for the purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause to be altered, or assist

in altering, any such licence as shall be really granted under this aff, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered licence, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him that shall prosecute or J’ue for the fame; to be recovered by allion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no dibin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance*.

shall be allowed; and shall alf<? be subject to imprisonment for such term, not exceeding six months, as the court, in which the party offending shall be eonvilted, shall appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and AllI perfoot every the person and persons to Whom any such licence as afore- I*1"1* said shall be granted, shall, at the time of receiving such li- ^2? cence, give security by bond to Rife Majesty, his heirs and fuc- bii MajeA^ cessors, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with two or more -

sufficicril

ti Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. [ijSi.

sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said commissioners, Condition or any three or more of them; of which bond the condition the^eo* shall be, that if such person or persons shall well and truly con* form and observe all the regulations and provisions of this act, to far as he, she, or they shall be concerned therein, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to take the said bond; and if, at the end of the year for which any such licence shall be granted, it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, that the person or persons entering into any such bond hath or have acted in conformity to the directions and provisions of this act, dicing the year for which the licence shall be granted, then the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to cause such bond to be delivered up and cancelled; but otherwise the said commissioners (halt (unless they shall see sufficient reason to forbear from prosecution) cause every such bond to be prosecuted.

Licensed per- X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if atiy perfott f?aiwoffMce or persons^to whom any such licence as aforesaid, shall be grant-

mgainst this shall beconvifted of any offence against this act, whether on aft, shall for- prosecution of the bond to be given in manner aforesaid, or on feit their li-. prosecution for any penalty whatever under this act, such con-cence, &c. yiftion shall operate as a forfeiture of such licence, and from thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the person or persons so convicted a licence in future.

Nobufinefc to

XL. And be it further enacted, That no such office for lottery be transacted tickets, and so to be licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for the "^before^" transaction of any business, under such licence, before the hour eight in the of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eight morning, nor of the clock in the evening, except on the evening of the Satur-after eight in say preceding the drawing of any lottery; and if any such office EeeV2£8* or P^ace be wilfully kept open, in point of time, contrary £xcep to tj1j$ a(c^ the person or persons licensed to keep Rich office shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XII. And whereas the dividing tickets in a lottery into very /mail shares has been found mischievous; be it further enacted, That

Penalty on if any person or persons, so to be licensed as aforesaid, shall fell

feiltne any any smaller share or shares of any ticker or tickers, in any Jot-

thare lets t an ter^ than a £xtecntj1> or pUbfish any proposals for felling any1

smaller share or shares, every such person (hah, for every offence in so doing, forfeit the (um of fifty pounds; and further, the contract on every such sale of a smaller share than a sixteenth (haM be void in law.

XIII. Andy in order to prevent all adventuring with lottery

its in any such lottery as aforesaid, other than such as JhaR ntceffarily arise from the real and aStualfait of such, and of such thereof, as are hereby permitted5 be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as aforesaid,

o for

a fifteenth.

limitation of the sale £ chances, &c.

1yli.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. 63

for a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any such lottery, or to insure for or against the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, or to receive any money or goods in confidential of any agreement to repay any (urn or sums, or to deliver the fame, or other goods, if any such ticket or tickets Audi prose fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other chance or mat relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or under any pmenoe, dewife, form, denomination, or descriptitin what-(bever, to promise or agree to pay any sum or sums, or to deliver any goods, or to do or forbear doing any thing for the benefit of any person or persons, whether with or without confederation, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any inch ticket or tickets, or to publish any propo-fe] for any of the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or per- Penalty;

Tons shall offend against this act m any of the matters aforesaid, be, (he, or they shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the furri of fifty pounds; and further, the contract m every such case shall be void.

XIV. And to prevent filling flares if tickets by any, except the real proprietors thereof and felling of any ticket beyond

tin number of shares equal to the whole thereof; be it further en-

acted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to Penalty on fell any share or shares of any ticket or tickets, in pny such lot- penonsfclling tery as aforesaid, without being the owner or owners of such ticket or tickets at the time of felling such share or shares there- their proper-cf, or to (ell any share of any ticket beyond such number of ty.

shares as, being added together, shall be equal to the whole of such ticket; and all and every person and persons who shall of-

fend against this act, in either of those respects, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XV. And the more effectually to prevent obufes in the felling of

flares of lottery tickets, be it further enacted, That the said com- Commission-missioners, -or any three or more of them, shall, before the time ers to estabiiOt herein after appointed for the commencement of this act, efta- *n °®cc in blish an office, in the city of LonSbh or, for the de- Westminster,

posit of tickets intended to be sold in shares; and every ticket where ticket* an any such lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into shall be depo-or (bid in shares, shall be brought to the said office, and shall be before there deposited and left with the receiver-general of his Majesty's damp-duties,or some person or ^ferfbns to be appointed by him to receive the feme; and ^hcilsand are hereby authorised and required t6 receive the feme.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, ’That every agreement'for All agree, the file of a share of any such ticket or tickets io to be deposit- menu for ed as aforesaid, shall be expfefled oh a piece of written or print- share* tobe cd paper, vellum, or parchment*,'and shall be impressed with

some mark, device, Of (lamp, to be^from time to time prescrib-«d by the said cotttrrtfftontfrs, or any three or more of them, for that purpose; 'bit the said receivei’-gentral, or the person or persons

64 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

[17I 7,

persons so to be appointed by him, shall not deliver out, impressed with any marie, device, or (bmp, more shares for any one fitch ticket than, being added together, shall amount to the value of a whole ticket, nor shall so impress with any mark, device, or damp, any smaller share than a Gxteenth, or any share of a ticket other than such as is permitted by this act: and if such receiver-general* or the person or persons so to be appointed by him, shall deliver out any share, other than such as be or they are hereby authorised to have, impressed with any such mark, device, or fbmp, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-> give a general of his Majesty's damp-duties, or such person or persons, for so to be appointed by him to receive tickets to be divided in brought to be shares, shall, upon the receipt of any such ticket, or any ntim-shared* her of such tickets as aforesaid, give a receipt in writing for the fame; which receipt shall express the day of receiving the ticket or tickets, the lottery to which the ticket or tickets shall belong, the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets so received, and the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and also that such ticket or tickets is or are received in pursuance of this act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the hands of the said receiver-general, or such person or persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby directed.

Receiver-general to — receipt tickets

All such

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every

tickets to re- such ticket in the said lottery, so to be deposited with the said rastody three raeiver-eeneral, for the purpose of being afterwards fold into days after shares, mall remain and continue in the custody and possession they are of the said receiver-general, or of the person or persons so to be drawn. appointed by him as aforesaid, until the expiration of three days after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery; and that, on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticker in the said lottery, such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, upon producing the receipt of the said receiver-general, or of such other person or persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for the fame: and in cafo any such ticket, so to be deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the end of two years from the day of the drawing thereof, the money (if any) to arise by the file of such ticket shall be retained in the hands of the said receiver-general for the time being, and be applied In defraying the expcoccs of the (lamp-office in executing this act, and otherwise in such manner *s is herein after mentioned, yhe numbera

XIX. And be it further eaa&ed. That a book or books shall drafted fa9 k® *ccPt ty 6*6 receiver-general, or the person or persons R> tnoffiw to to he appointed by him as aforesaid, who (rod! truly and fairly be entered in enter and register in such book or books, the number of every hook, with lottery ticket which shall be deposited in the said office, in pur-2* mmaZL* fuance of this act, together with the name or names of all and and ffienma* every such person and persons who shall so dtpofit such ticket.

1781.] Anno vicesimo feeurido Georgii III. c. 47. 65

and ilfo the number of shares into which each such ticket shall her of share* be so divided as aforesaid 5 and any person shall and may, from, time to time* and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect ^Jed. such book or books, on payment of the sum of two-pence to the hid person or persons so to be appointed by the said receiver- general as aforesaid; and the money arising from such payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the expences of the stamp-office in executing this act, and otherwise in manner herein after specially provided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon the leaving and de- d. for e*cK pofiting of any lottery ticket, at or in the said office, with the said to receiver-general, or such person or persons so to be appointed as officer°on de-aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, the person or persons who pofiting tick-hull so leave and deposit the same shall pay tathe said receiver- et* in the general, or the person or persons so to be appointed by him are office* aforesaid, for each share into which every such ticket shall be

divided by the said officer or officers,'the sum of two-pence $ and the monies arising from such feel, to be paid as aforesaid,

shall be accounted for, from time to time, and shall be paid and applied towards the expence of keeping such office for the deposit of lottery tickets as aforesaid^ or in defraying any other Opences or the damp-office in the execution of this act, and Otherwise in such manner as is herein after specially prescribed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or pdr- Penalty on

fons shall at any time or times fell, hr agifce to fell, any (bare or *7

shares of any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as aforesaid, ticketwithou'r otherwise than by a written or printed agreement, on a piece of a ftajnp. paper, vellum, or parchment, (Vdroped and marked by such officer or officers, and in such manner as by, this act is before pre-

kribed, he, she, or they so offending (nail, for every such offence* forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- penalty on fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counter- forging or (cited, or afiiff in forging or counterfeiting, any such receipt as alt.er,n8 re-isby this act required to be given, on deposit of any ticket or the VamO tickets to be divided in shares, or any damp or mark py this act Vitha frauda-required to be put on any share or shares of any ticket or tickets; lent iutentioiu or shall alter, or cause tube altered,or assist in altering, any such

receipt or damped share, whether by adding or taking away any word, letter, or figure, in such receipt or damped share, or shall fraudulently make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or ai-teted receipt or damped share; all and every such person or persons, being convicted of any of the offences before mentioned#

shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall differ as a felon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fees and Aims of All money money which shall, under this act, be received at the damp-of- received under fiee, or by any officer or officers thereof, in the execution of the thlsrfY* be trust reposed in such officer or officers, and of which the appli- receiver-cation is not herein«»before directed, shall be paid into the bands general,

of the receiver-general of the said office for the time being, and he shall keep a Separate and didinft account thereof; and there-Voi,. XXXIV. F out

66

Application

thereof.

Penalties bow to be recovered and applied.

Justices may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47.

[17

out shall pay the expence the said office shall be put to in m-cutipg thi^ad, and also in defraying the expeBces attending the commission made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the lottery established by an act made in this session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain Jim money by umy

of annuities > and for ostablishing a lottery) > in such manner as by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (half, from time to time, be appointed; but subject neverthelef* to such rules and orders, in respect to the same, as shall be given to the said commissioners, from time to time, by the comoaiffi-oners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and as to the residue of Aidt sums of money, the said receiver-general shall pay such residue into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are so directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies, paid into the said receipt under this act, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any other account; and such monies, so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer under this act, shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by authority of parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties which shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against this act, (except where a different mode of prosecution is herein- 1 before specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, 1 city, town, or other division, in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the j offender; and one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to 1 the informer or informers prosecuting for the fame, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and in case of non-payment of any such penalty, it shall be levied by distiefe and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deduding the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding (ix months, nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and' may be lawful to and for the said respective justices, where they shall see cause to mitigate or lessen any such penalty, to do so accordingly, in such manner as they in their discretion shall think fit, the reasonable costs and charges of the.officersor informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation

*7®*} Anno VicefttiTO fetuhtte Qsokoti Ilf. c. 4,8. 67

had ft> a* such mitigation do net reduce the penahyto lese Than one moiety thereof over and above The feid cells afW charges; anything contained in this act to the contrary nettorthfhmding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall he Limitation ob liable to arty prosecution for any offence again It this act* where- a^10ni* by any pecuniary penalty shall he incurred, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within twelve months after coitimission of such offence; artd if any suit.or a&ioii shall bfc brofecuted in England^ against any person or persons, for any thing done in purAiance of this act, such person or persons may plead the ge- General iffdei nenri issue, and give this act or the specpil matter in evidence* on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the Tame was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass fot the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become honfuit, or discontinue his; her* Or their action or actions after Issue joined, or if, on demurrer or orhfcrwife, judgement shall be given aga'mft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble toft*/ the same as any defendants have by law ih other cases.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall begin Commence-10 have force on the twenty-fifth day of Juljh one thousand so- ment of this ten hundred and eighty-two; and from and immediately after a* the commencement thereof, an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, (intituled An act licensing ^ Geo. i.c.ai* ululating lottery office keepers), and also so much of any other act repealed, or acts made before the present section of parliament, in respect to the regulation either of the keepers Of lottery Offices, or the sale of lottery tickets, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; bm such repeal shall not operate upon* or to the prejudice of, any act ion, suit, or prosecution, which shall be commented or depending before the commencement of this act;

CAP. XLVIII.

A att fir charging a duty on persons xvhofe property/bad be insured

against loys by fife*

Mefi gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble*

▼ V commons of Great Britain y irt parliament assembled, being defiroos to raise the supply granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament by ways the least bunhenfome to your Majesty's subjects, have freely and Voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;

be it enacted by the King’s trioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From June day 0 fjune*one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there *» a shall bc raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the king-

Fa dotn

68

paid for evenr xool. insured from loss by fire.

Publick hof-pitals not liable.

The duty to be under the management of the commissioners of damps.

No person to keep an infill ance office without a licence:

The corporations of the Royal Exchange, and London Infu«r ranee, excepted.

Commissioners are to grant licences.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48.

[1782.*

dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and faccetifors, the yearly sum of one shilling and sixpence upon every sum of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, that is or shall be insured by any person or persons in or by any policy of insurance for inluring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any publick hospital to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this act.

III. And for the better and more effectual raising, colleB*

ingy and paying the Ibid.duty herein-before, be it further

enabled, That the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such Ta-laries and incidental charges, as shall be necessary; and to do all other acts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in exe-cut ion any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vel-, lum, parchment, and pqpej*. j

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of, one j

thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no person or persons shall publickly or privately insure, or open or keep any office for injuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or 1 other property, from loss by fire in Great Britain without first taking out a licence for that purpose from the eftnunissioners for managing the stamp-duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude the corporations of the Royal Exchange and London

(being chartered companies) from alluring houses, furniture or goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from fire, in like manner as they now do, without taking out any licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this act, the commissioners for managing the damp-duties, for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required, under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, and person and persons

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 6g

persons applying for the fame; which said licence shall set forth the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shall, at the time of taking out such licence, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Penalty on and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who or h*cP*n£ an which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Jutit, one a Kcence*©? thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall insure, or set up in aBy ma, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, ner contrary merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, without the to this act. authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in any other house or

place, except the house or place to be named in the licence under which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons, shall act, or such other house or houses or place or places as (halt be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such licence, and be kept by some person or per-foos employed as agent or agents to any body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to fifth licence, or to the intent and meaning of this a<5f, shall forfeit, for every day in which such offence shall be committed, the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons, shall receive on any such day.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That atl and every person Persons tak-and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, to whom out been-or which any such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at

the time of receiving such licence, give security with sufficient Majesty. foreties, to be approved of by the major part of the said commissioners of stamp duties, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum as the said commissioners may think reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons respectively, for half a year; with a Condition of condition, that if such person or persons, or body or bodies po- lhc bond, litick or corporate, shall faithfully make out, (ign, and deliver, an account of all money received for the said duty, and well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act 3 and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the diregions, matters, and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force. Licences to

IX. And be it further enacted, That every licence to be taken continue in QUt under this act shall endure and have force only for one vear force for one

F 3 from y*ar

7G

ratfed.

Anno vicesimo secundo Gbqrqu HI. C. 48. [i jfSl, from the flay of granting the fame; but if z licence fhatt be granted to two or more persons1, and any or either of them shall die before the expiration of the year, it shall continue until such expiration, in favour of the survivors or survivor of the persona licensed.

X. And whereas great, part of the hufvtefi of by fire is transafled at offices kept by companies not, but

cwfifiing of a great number of partners; be it therefore enacted, Oauferestive That where such business of insuring is carried on by such com-to companies panies not incorporate, or by a greater number of partners than not incurpo* four, the licence so to be granted by the said commissioners of stamps, in manner aforesaid, shall be granted* to such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership, as shall be named to the said coounifU doners under authority from such company or partnership; and in every such case, the licence shall continue in force until the end of one year from the day of granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of all the persons to whom such licence shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every person era, on grant- and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, so to ing a policy licensed as aforesaid, who or which, from and after the said o in ura ce, twenty-fourth day of June yone thousand seven hundred and eighty* two, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring property from loss by fire, or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall, by themselves, or such other person or persons as ire, is, or shall be employed by or under them, previously to the granting or continuing such policy, of insurance, ask, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (uccessors, of and from the person or persons whole property shall be so insured, the sum of one shilling and sixpence for every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and so in proportion for any left sum; and shall give a receipt for the duty so paick as and for one year’s duty, on such policy, from the day of the date thereof; and in default of receiving such year’s duty, in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the said year’s duty, as if the lame had been actually received.

XII. Andy in ol der to regulate the payment of the yearly duty ixr-posed by this aQ, during the continuance of the policies insurance within this act which shall be granted after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; be it further enacted, That the person or persons who for tile time being shall be intirieri to the benefit of any such policy, shall, at die end of the year, for which such policy shall be granted, or within fifteen days thereafter, and so at the end of every subsequent year, during the continuance of such policy, or within fifteen days thereafter, pay, or cause to be paid, to the insurer or insurers in such policy, one year’s duty, in iefpe& of this a#,

at

©ffice-keep-

are to receive the duty payable to his Majesty, and to give a receipt for the same.

persons to be insured shall pay the duty annually to the insurer.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 71

at die rate aforesaid; and such insurer or insurers shall, on every stich payment, give a printed or written receipt for the said duty, to the person or persons paying the fame; and in case of or lo^e the toy default of payment of such year’s duty, within the tithe |>*n.cfit aforesaid, and before any loss shall be sustained, the policy oftne,r *°lcjr* iofurince, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so Jar as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purposes whatJocver.

XIII. And, in respect to the payment of the aforesaid duties on fiub podcies of insurance within this act as have been granted before the fetid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; be it further enacted, That the payment of How the da-the said duty on every such policy shall commence and be paid tie* ^all

in manner following; (that is to say), on every policy upon ciesgranted*

which the premium has been paid for one year, or for one year before the

and a fra&ion of a year, one year’s duty shall be paid bn or with- commence-

in fifteen days after the day on which the next yearly payment "l?nt thii

of the premium shall become payable, after the said twenty- a.

fourth day of jtette, one thousand seven hundred#«nd eighty-

two, and at the same time there shall be paid a proportional part

of the duty for such fractional part of a year, (not being less than the quarter of a year), as shall have elapsed from the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and on every policy, upon which the premium has

been paid for more years than one year, the said one year’s

duty, and also the said proportional part of the duty for such

fra&on of a year as aforesaid, shall be paid on or within fifteen

days after the expiration of the year which, on the said twenty-

foerth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

two, shall be current under such policy; and the said duties

shall be afterwards payable yearly, during the continuance of such policies, in the same manner as is herein-before provided

in respect to policies of insurance which shall be granted after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and the person or persons, who shall for the

time being be intitled to the benefit of any such policy as^ shall have been granted before the said twenty-fourth day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall accordingly

pay or cause to be paid the said duty to the insurer or insurers

in such policy, in manner herein-before mentioned; or in case

of any default, such policy shall be void, To far as regards the

injured, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Policies for case of any policy of insurance for less time than a year, the in- to" iUT«d person or persons shall be liable to pay only so much of proportional-*he yearly duty of this act, as shall bear a proportion to the ly;

"action or part of the year for which such policy is or shall be

fiveo.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case 88 *lf° of any policy of insurance for one or more year or years, and

part of a year, the insured person or persons shall, so far as 're- parTofT

F 4 gards year.

yi Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. [1782.

gards such fradlion or part of a year, only be liable to so much of the said yearly duty as shall bear a proportion to such fraction or part of a year, if the insured person or persons shall, on the first payment of the said duty, pay as well the proportion of the duty for such fraction or part of a year, as the whole of the first year's duty; except a fraction less than a penny, which shall not be accounted for. pow the duty

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of shall be paid taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an

new policies for the fake of infilling a greater or different sum, the

fore theex-C" ^ame proportionable abatement of the duty, which under this act pirationoi the shall accrue on the new policy, shall be made, as the infureror old oiies. insurers shall make in respect of the premium of insurance. Clauserelative

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in re-

to infurred spect to all policies of inkirance which shall be subsisting before indent Pa*inS this act, if the insured person or persons in any

Great Britain policy shall, at the time of the passing of this act, not be

in any part of Great Britain, all and every such person and persons shall have one month, to be computed from his, her, or their return, for making the first payment of the duty which shall become due from such person or persons by virtue hereof} and in the mean time, and until the expiration of one month from the day of his, her, or their return, the policy and policies of all and every such persons, notwithstanding any default of payment of the duty imposed by this act, shall be in full force as if this act had not been made.

XVIII. And whereas in the case of insurances loss by fire

for seven years, or any number of years more than one, the persons whose property is injured frequently, on taking out a polity

oj insurance, one entire sum as the premium for the whole w-Jlead of paying an annual premium; and in such cases it may be convenient to pay the duty hereby imposed for the whole teryi of the polity When the in* by one payment in the same manner; be it therefore enacted, That furaoce mo- it shall be lawful for all and every body and bodies politick or ney, on tak- corporate, and person and persons, being infuyers against loss !icy,°is pafd" hrOj within this a#, to take by one payment the auty here-for several by imposed for the whole of the term for which the policy bath years, the in- been or shall be granted, if the person or persons whose property ceive the Vu *n^ure<* ^€(*re > and in consideration or such

ty'for the U* PromPr and immediate payment of so much of the said duty as fame term, by the terms of this act would not be payable till a future time*

&c, and in every such case, such insurer or insurers shall have authority to make the fame proportional abatement of the duty as the said insurer or insurers hath or have made, or shall in consideration of receiving the premium for the whole term or insurance by one payment.

XIX. And whereas it frequently happens that the property 7

per fom it faring for terms ccafe and determine before the ex-

piration of the term for which the said insurance was made, be it

Whenthepro- enacted, ['hat where the property of a person, insured for a term ot years, shall terminate or cease before the expiration ot

iy8l.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. 7$

the term of which such insurance was made, that the commis- cease before (loners of the Ramp-duties may, and they are hereby authorized expiration and impowered, upon proof made of the truth of the said fad, °he overplus' to allow and pay back to the person or persons respectively ap- money to be pointed to receive the said tax as aforesaid, so much of the said returned, duty or tax as shall appear to have been paid for the unexpired term of the said insurance.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every body. A true ac-and bodies politick or corporate, or other person and persons, ^>u',t to which or who, under this act, shall obtain a licence for any insurance*of-office of insurance, shall, from time to time, keep a true and ficeofthepo-faithful account in writing, in which shall be inferred the num-licies granted, ber of the policy, or instrument of insurance, which, from and *nd to whom* after the bid twenty-fourth day of June* one thousand seven &c*, hundred and eighty-two, shall be ifllted or granted by such body

or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the A?m insured, and the time for which the fame is insured; and also the day of the month, and the date of the vear, in which such policy shall be jibed j which said account (nail, at all times, be open for the inspeflionof any person or persons'duly authorized, under the hands and seals of the bid commissioners for the Ramp-duties, or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every body and Directions rebodies politick or corporate, and other person or persons, who btive to per-or which shall have any licence under this act for an insurance {i^nceTfo? office within London or Westminster, or within Rye miles of either offices within of them, whet tier the licence of such body or bodies politick or London or corporate, or other person or persons, shall or shall not extend

to any office out of the aforesaid limits, shall, on the twenty- the fame! ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

two, or within two months after, deliver to the bid commissioners of Ramp-duties, or some person or persons authorized by them, at the head office, to receive the same, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid, which shall have been issued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons licensed to keep offices of insurance respectively, and shall be, on the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two,

outstanding, or be accountable for under this act, and shall at the same time pay all the monies which shall have been received by them respectively on account of the aforesaid duties, and before the bid twenty-ninth day of September5 and from thenceforth shall, some time within two months after th^ twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of Martha the twenty-

fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months as may be appointed by the major part of the said comniilhoners of the Ramp-duties, giving, a previous publick police of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the London

74

Penalty on defaults

Directions re. lative to persons taking out licences for offices more than five miles distant from London and Westminster.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c»4$.

[1782.

Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the fame, at the head office of the said commissioners, true copies of the account herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or per-. Tons, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case shall be \ and at the same time shall pay such sum and Turns which shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for receiving the find duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the said head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every default in not delivering true copies Of such account, the sum of five hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the monies due on such accounts, double the amount of the money so due and payable at the time of such default.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every’insurance office or offices, body and bodies politick or corporate, and other person and persons, which or who shall, under this act, obtain any licence for an office of insurance, not within London or IVifiminpor^ or within five miles of either of them, Without having any office-within the said limits named in such licence, shall, on the twenty-ninth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the head distributor of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and for the county in which such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, so to be Kcensed, shall have their chief office of infora nee, or to the person or persons duly authorized and commissioned, under the hands and seals of three of the said commissioners for ft amp-duties, to receive such accounts, and the money due thereon, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid as (halt have been issued by such licensed person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, and shall, on tfhe said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, be outstanding, or be accountable for under this act; and shall, at the some time, pay all the monies which shall have been received by them respectively, on account of the aforesaid duties, before the said tweixty-ninth day o (September*, and from thenceforth shall, feme time within two months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, or at such other times

after the expiration of the said two months as may be appointed by the head distributor, or the person or persons so to he authorized to receive the said duties, giving a previous notice of fourteen days, or more, by advertisement in the London

or in the newspaper, if any such there be, published in and for the county where such head.distributor resides, deliver, or cause

to

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48.

te be delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or persons aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed insurer or insurers, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as thecafe shall be; and at the same time shall pay to such head Penalty oa distributor, or other person or persons so to be authorised as default, aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to be chic upon such accounts, under the penalty of forfeiting, for every default # in aot delivering such accounts, the sum of two hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the monies due on such accounts, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said receiver-general An allowance of the (bmp-duties at the head office, and the said head distri- of 1 s* botors of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other per- to°the (on or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said com- office keepers missioners of stamp-duties to receive the duties by this act im- for receiving posed, shall make an allowance to all and every the person and J^k*!* persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be li- tte

oeofed as aforesattr respectively, for their own use and trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out such account as is herein-before directed, at and after "the rate of one shilling in the pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein-before contained.

XXIV. And whereas the per fins employedin receiving and account-inf fir the duties hereby imposed, are not appointed to such offices by

Iht trown, or by any persons authorized by the, but are autho* Receiving the rized and required to receive the said duties by virtue of this act, be duties grant-it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such persons so cm- ed by this act ployed shall not, on account of receiving or" accounting for the Aid ditties, be thereby disqualified from voting at any election m

or cledlions of members to serve in parliament, any law or fta- members of tide to the contrary notwithstanding. parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal- Penalties to ties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in manner belong half to following; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong to his half to* Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, JJe informer, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform

or sue for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts at fiery for offences committed in England, or Berwick upon luffed, or in his Majesty's court of sessions, or court of exche- % q«cr, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time Duties to be to time, into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time Paid.to tl,c being, of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, "^.ve^e: i who ’

76-

him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Person* sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 49,50. [1782.

who shall keep afeparate and distinct account of the duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said mo- ney, so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of -

unities and for establishing a lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, 01; thing, herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politick or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to rectify a mi flake in an act of this session of parliament, with respect to preventing the importation and running or tea into this kingdom, in armed vessels having letters of marque, or other commissions from the admiralty.

Cap. xr, of the present session recited. A mistake in the receited act rectified, by leaving out the word not, and making it any tea exceeding the quantity of lix pounds weight. Sec.

CAP. L.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and ttate the publietc accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick lemce; and what de«, fefts there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, iffiiing, and accounting for publick moneyj and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said Cervices can in future bq regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick.

ao Geo. 3. c. 54, and *1 Geo. 3. c. 45, recited. Thomas AnguUh, Af* thur Piggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beachcroft, and George Druounona, rfqrs. appomted commissioners to examine and (late the publick accounts or the kingdom. The recited acts to continue in force after July 5, 1781,

(except

iy^2.) Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 51,52;

(except where altered by this act) and may be executed by any three or more commissioners. No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the commissioners to be sworn before the chancellor of the exchequer, &c. The oath.

1A.B. do swear, that, according to the best of my (kill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts veiled in me by an act, intituled An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of bit present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick accounts of the kingdomj and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick service; and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said fer-yicea can in future be regulated and earned on for the benefit of the pub-bek, according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

The said three commissioners to administer the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury to pay a.ooool. to the order of the commissioners for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges of executing the act. Executors of accountants to attend commissioners, and execute their orders. Continuance of this act one year, from the 5th of July 178s, and no longer.

An act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damage, interests, and loues, in respect to their having made default in certain payments due ' to the publick, on such payments being made at a future stipulated time; and to enable the said company tp continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their stock for the present year.

Recital of at Geou. 5. c. 65. A statement hath been made up of the profit and lofsof the company from March, 1781, to March", 178*, whereby it appears that the net profits of the company, in that year, did not amount to so much as a dividend upon their stock, at the rate of 8 per cent, per ann. by the sum of *1,013 1. Commissioners of the treasury may allow the company further time for payment of 396,4661, as. 6d. due for customs, and 100,000l. due the ift of December, 1781, to such time as they think fit, not exceeding the first of April,*1783; on payment whereof the company shall be indemnified. The company impowered to set apart, between March r, 1782, and March 1, 1783, a sum sufficient to pay a dividend of 8 per cent, on the capital of 3,200,000l. stock, and to charge the lame as a debt in the annual^account to be made up to the 1 It of March, 178^5 and if any deficiency in the annual account, to be carried forward as a charge in the account of the succeeding year. The deficiency in last year's account to be carried forward as a charge in the account of the present year.

An act for preventing the llaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom.

Edinburgh greatly extended by authority of 7 Geo. 3. c. 27. Slaughtering of cattle within the city prohibited. Flefli may be fold in the city. Magistrates of Edinburgh impowered to order nuisances to be removed. Commissioners appointed to settle damages, and recompence to be made to corporation of flefhers t their award to be final, and may be given in evidence. First meeting of the commissioners appointed July 1, 1782. Money a defied for damages to incapacitated persons, to be placed at in*

CAP. LI.

CAP. LII.

terest

7$ Anno viccIudo secundo Giakoii til. £.55*54.

[178!

terest in the bank of Scotland. Corporation of flefbers not liable to natty for slaughtering cattle* dll the coanipiffioiiert hare eietutW the Rights of election of the corporation of flefbers fared, Ground whereon the daughter-bonfe* now ftaod may be fpid. Bodies politick* Sec. empowered to fell houses and ground. Money paid for entailed estates to be bid out in pnrebafes, and settled to like uses. Penalty on breaking and throwing down lamps j for the first offence not more than 30 s. fterR nor under so*. for the second, and erery other offence, 50s. or bn rvoii-payment may be committed to the house of correction for not more than three months, if forfeiture not paid in mean time. Lord nroroft and mat gittrates to determine offences against the act. Rights of the city referred. Application of penalties, one moiety to the charity workhouse of Edinburgh, the other to the informer who shall foe, Sec. To be a public k. aft.

CAP. LIII.

An act to repeal an act* made in theof the reign of his

mqjefy King George the First*, An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an a8 was sixth

6 Geo. 1. c. 5. of his late majesty King George the First* intituled An act recited, for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the and repealed, fame. That from and after the passing of this act, the above- mentioned act, and the several matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed*

CAP. LIV.

An act for restraining fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time j and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

Sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, heretofore governor and preffdeot of Port Saint George on the coast of Coromandel in the East Indies, and Peter Perring esquire, lately one of the council of the set dement aforesaid, not to go out of the kingdom before Feb. 1, 1783,; and before Aug. 1 c. 17811 each to enter into recognizance, with two Curettes, in the court of exchequer, in the penalty of roo,ooool. for fir Thomas Rumbold, 50,000l. for his sureties, none less than 10,000l. and 50,000l. for Peter Perring esq# and 10,0001, for his sureties, none Ms than 5,000l. with condition not to go or depart out of this kingdom before Feb. 1, 1783. For taking, entering and in rolling whereof only tos. to be taken, betides the tramp-duty. In default at entering into proper recognizances before August 15, 178s, to be committed to the Fleet prison, &c. Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring esq. that!, before Nov. r, 1781, deliver into the court of exchequer two particulars of their respective estates, gotods. See. Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall appear evafiVe or unsatisfactory, Sec. the barons of the exchequer areto examine the person delivering the fame, Upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any summons from the

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 5$.

the fridbarons, they may issue their warrant for apprehending the defaulter; who, on rontfing to be examined* &c. shall Decommitted. Per* (bos detailing any part of the property of fir Thomas Ru on bold, or Peter Paring tfq. oe able to gi?e information concerning the same, and who shall refuse to come before the said barons, &c. when lawfully fymmoned, shall be committed. Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring esq. disabled from aliening or incumbering their real estates, until Feb. i. 1783; and also from assigning their personal estates, except for the subsistence of themselves and families, or for paying their just debts contracted before April 19,178a i and except perishable goods, and so much of their respectire estates as will indemnify their sureties. Proviso, that fir Thomas Rumbold may pay or ftcure 30,000l. and Peter Perring 10,000l. as a provision for their children, in case of marriage, which is not to be affected by foefa recognizance. This act not to disable fir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. from disposing of their estates or effects, in case they shall die before Feb. 1, 1783, dec. If fir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. shall, before Feb. 1, 1783, convey any of their monies or effects out of the realm, (except as is excepted), they, and their aiders therein* shall be ponUhed as felons, and suffer death. Persons who shall conceal any estate belonging to fir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Paring eiq. and shall not (if in the Kingdom) discover the lame before jan.x, 1783, (and if out of the kingdom, in six months next after their arrival) to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to his Majesty, the other to the informer, pith coftx, and to (offer imprisonment (or an whole year without bail. Perihos making discovery of any estate or effects concealed, to be allowed twenty per cent, if such estate, fee. beyond Teas, and to per cent, if in the hiagdom, out of the net produce. East India company to (end an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer to the fapreme court of judicature in Bengal, fee. Persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India to have ah allowance of so per ceat. of the net produce, and the governor and council of Bengal and Port Saint George and Bombay respectivety, may sue for and recover such discovered estate, fee. in the name of the East India company. Persons in folia who shall secrete any estate real or personal after six months, from the time of entering the particulars upon record, to forfeit treble the value,one moiety to the East India company and the other to the informer, with costs. Forfeited estates, fee. to be paid into the exchequer. To be apablick ad.

CAP. LV.

Afl act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employment*; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver m their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purports; and ho indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole ad millions have been omitted to be taped according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft or ahhudi and for allowing them time to provide admissiom duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to mane tadfik affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies adfotirim.

fata who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. 1. Jfh * c. 13. Act 13 Car. a. stat. ». c. x. Act 15 Car. s. c. ». Aft 30 J*' stat. a. c. u Act ft Geo. x. c. 6. Act 9 Geo. s. c. >6, Act eft so, and aft 6 Geo. 3. c. 53. before the passing of this act; and "*M» onor before Dtc.®j, 178s, qualify themselves, shall be indenu pioea against forfeitures. Not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing appointments and admii-"JM before Dec. *5, 178s, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as c|erlcf officer, or member of corporations, fee. may enjoy all offices into uch they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties

and

19

Anno vicesimo secundo GeqRGII III# c/56.

[17S2 J

and damages incurred by reason of omissions. Not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall cause affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term 17$*, ere indemnified and diC-charged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue.

CAP. LVt.

An act more effectually to enable the inhabitants of the pirillf of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect,' a work-house, within or near the said pari Hi, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the said parish.

The reftor, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, for the time being, and the vestrymen and their successors, for ever, appointed trustees, and (even to be a quorum. No contrattor to be a trustee. Trustees to pay their own expences; may borrow 4,ooool. and assign the rates as a security. Assignments not to be chargeable with any stamp duty. Or may raise the said money upon annuities, at not more than 8 per cent, if the annuitant is not under forty-five, nor more than 10 per cent, if not under fifty, nor more than is percent, if not under sixty, nor arty annuity for life under forty-five years. Annuities to be paia quarterly. Names of the persons lending money, and also of the annuitants, to be entered in a book. Annuities to be charged on the rates t and shall be exempt from ‘taxes. Securities assignable, and annuities may be transferred. Memorandums or efctrad* of assignments to be entered in a book. Annuitant* to have an order signed by the trustees, &c. authorizing the church-wardens to pay 1,000l. of the monies in their hands, on account of the poor, to the trustees, for the purposes of the act. Trustees may purchase ‘or hire ground in the parish of Saint Luke, or in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditchr may build a workhouse thereon. No contrail shall be entered into for building the workhouse until fourteen days notice be given. Persons in the workhouse not to gain a settlement in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch. Trustees may hire a workhouse. All contracts to be entered in books. Assessments to be made; not to exceed 6d. in the pound per ann. Principal money borrowed to be paid off by the Caving, which when it amounts to 1001. to be laid out in stocks, and disposed of as the trustees shall direct. The interest and principal, and annuities, are to be paid as five trustees shall direct in writing. The. rates shall be paid for houses let out in lodgings, or ready furnished, by any occupier thereof. The goods of lodgers, See.liable to be distrained for the rates; and the lodgers, See, to be allowed the fame out of their rents. Lodgers not to obtain any settlement by payment of the rates. Rates to be recovered as the poor's rates by alt 43 Eliz. Scc.In case of distress expences may be

levied; which shall be settled by the justices granting the warrant. The rates are to be recovered from persons removing out of the parish, by distress and sale of goods. Distress not' illegal for want of form Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends. Collectors, Sec. to account, and pay the balance. On refusal they may be sued. If balance be not paid, jt may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, Sec. offender may be committed, until he gives a true account, and pays or compound, and delivers up all papers, Scc. Expences of this all to be first paid. Writings, See. to be without damps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, &c. Limitation of altions, for acting under this iSt not till twenty-eight days notice, nor after tender of amends, or after three months after the fa&, and to be tried in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general issue, nd give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a publack alt.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57;

it

CAP. LVII.

An act for building a new bridge, instead of the present ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient place over the river Loyne, near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster,

Power to take down the ancient county bridge, and erect a new one of polite Skerton Cross, and to make an highway over the waste without paying for the same. The said new bridge, not exceeding in length <70 feet. Power to remove obstructions where the bridge is to be built, and to cut drains, Sec. Mayor, Sec. of Lancaster to make a road over the

Green Area, but not to prevent William Bradshaw Bradshaw, Esq. or any other persont, from having such right of ways as they are intitled to over the said Green Area. New bridge to be a county bridge, and repaired as such. Roads, when made, declared to be publick Highways s those in Skerton to be repaired by the inhabitants of Skerton. Road over the Green Area to be a publick highway, and to be repaired by the corporation of Lancaster. In indictments, sufficient to alledge generally that defendants ought to repair, &c. Power to dig, See. materials in waste ground, gratisj and in private grounds, making satisfaction. Justices to contract with proprietors for materials, c. and to settle the recompences and if any persons shall be dissatisfied therewith, or shall he prevented ftom treating, a jury shall be summoned; who shall assess the damage and re* com pence on oath. Verdict of jury, Sec. to be final. On payment or tender of the money assessed, justices may employ men to carry on the works: and they are indemnified (or what they shall do. Expence of taking down the old bridge and building the new one to be defrayed out of the county rates. Penalty on damaging the bridge. Power to (ell the materials of the old bridge, See. Power to dispose of the ancient bridge to the commifikmers of the Quay of Lancaster, under aft it Geo. 3. c Si. who may keep the fame up or not; and on twenty days notice, that the new bridge and roads are pafTable, the county discharged from repairing the old bridge, and the lame to cease to be a publick bridge or highway. The fame tolls to be taken by the corporation of Lancaster at the new bridge as they were intitled to take at the old one. The claims of compensation say Mr. Bradshaw, for damages to his mill and fishery, and by Mr. Maloo, for the like to his houses in Bridge Lane, to be tried 1 to be brought in six months after passing the act, by actions, in any court of record at Westminster, against the treasurer of the county, to be tried at the next affixes for the counties of Lancaster or Westmoreland, at the election of the plaintiff. If no damages are found, the plaintiff to pay the costs, and for ever debarred from any recompencej but if a verdict for the plaintiff, the record and postea to be delivered to the clerk of the peace to be filed, and the costs and damages to be paid out of the county rates as foqn as the old bridge is pulled down or rendered impassable (except as to Mr*-Bradshaw, which is to be paid as soon as the new bridge is built). Receipts to be given. Proceedings not to be delayed by the death of any of the parties. Costs and expences to be paid out of the general stock of the county. No satisfaction to be given to Mr. Bradshaw or Mr. Mason, if actions are not commenced within a limited time. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter (Wfions; whose determination shall be final. Saving of rights of the corporation of Lancaster, Mr. Bradshaw, or any others, further than necessary for erecting.and maintaining the said bridge. Limitation of afttons, for acting under this act, to be brought in threq months after the fast. The defendant may plead the general iffie, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. Inhabitants of Lancaster may serve on juries. See. To be a publick act.

V ox*.XXXIV. G CAP.

8* /knno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 58. [1782.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the more easy difeov and effectual punishment of buyers and receivers of Jlolen goods.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the pernicious practices of buying and receiving

Jlolen goods are become a great evil, by of the difficulty of discovering the persons guilty of the, and of the insufficiency

of the laws now in being for the punishment of such in certain cases; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent tnajefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament After Atkg. 1, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and 178s, every after the fird day of August, one thousand seven hundred and person buying eighty-two, in ail cases whatsoever where any goods or chattels (except lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, and folder), shall shall be deem* have been feloniously taken or dolen, whether the offence of ed guilty of a the person or persons so taking or dealing the fame, shall a-miwemeanor, mount to grand larceny, or some greater offence, or to petit elaccord- larceny only, (except where the person or persons actually committing the felony shall have been already convicted of grand larceny, or of some greater offence), every person who shall buy or receive any such goods and chattels, knowing the same to have been so taken or dolen, shall be held and deemed guilty of, and may be prosecuted for, a misdemeanor, and shall be punched by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court of quarter sessions, who are hereby impowered to try such offender, or as any other court before which he, she, or they, shall be tried, shall think fit to infliiSt; although the principal felon or felons be not before convicted of the said felony, and whether he, she, or they, is or’are amenable to judice or not; any law or datute to the contrary notwithstanding: and in cases where the felony actually committed shall amount to grand larceny, to some greater offence, and where the person or persons

and cut

ingiy*

Justices may grant search

or

actually committing such felony shall not be before convicted, such offender or offenders shall be exempted from being punished as accessary or accessaries, if such principal felon or felons shall be afterwards convicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That grant fearen shall and may be lawful for any one judice of the peace, up-SfcoverftSen on complaint made before him upon oath, that there is reason goods. to suspect that dolen goods are knowingly concealed in any

dwelling-house, outhouse, garden, yard, croft, or other place or places, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause every such dwelling-house, outhouse, garden, yard, croft, or other Punishment of place or places, to be searched in the day time) and the person persons in or persons knowingly concealing the said dolen goods* or any the°^are ° Parl thereof, or in whose custody the fame, or any part thereof* found.* shall he found, he, she, or they, being privy thereto* shall be deemed and held guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall and may u be

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 58.

be brought before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, and tirade amenable to answer the fame, by like warrant of any such justice, and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be punishable in the manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every constable, Headborough, or tithing-marr, in every Constables, county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or other ap-

place where there shall be officers, and every beadle within his f0rn8 fufp^ed ward, parish, or district, and every watchman, during such time of having any only as he is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or caqfe to stolen goods, be apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may4 j?ct?een *"n-reasonably be fufpcdled of having, or carrying, or any ways con- see*

veying, at any time after sun-setting, and before sun-rising, aoy

goods or chattels suspected to be stolen, and the fame, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place aforesaid, to be dealt with according to law; and (tich person and persons,1 so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the lame to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by dtte course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guiky of a mif-demeanor, and, on conviction as aforesaid, (hah be impr/foeed for any time net exceeding six calendar months, nor jess than three calendar months.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every pprfoji, to whom any goqds. or chattels, which have Persons offer-been fdonioufty stolen or taken, shall be brought and1 offered ingttoWir ' to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby impoWet- £^nSCd°ore ed and required (there being reasonable cause to ftrfpeift that j^id, ^hau be such goods or chattels were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and taken before a carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town justice. corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the fame goods and chattels shall be so brought or offered to be sold, jjawned, or delivered, (having it in his or her power so to do), the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

V. And be it further enacted byjhe authority aforesaid, That Persons under if any person or persons, being out of custody or in custody, if *s years under the age of fifteen years, upon any charge of felony Wthin 2ft benefit of clergy, (hat! have committed any felony after the first how entitled day of Augufli one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and to his Ma-(hast afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have jetty’s pardon, bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have beeti feloniously stolen or taken from any other person or persons

after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the same to be stolen, so as two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have and be entitled to the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies-byhim or her committed at

G 2 any

?4 Anno vicesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 59,60.

[178U

any time or times before such discovery made, which pardon shall be likewise a bar to any appeal brought for such felony. This act not

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall to repeal any extend to repeal any former law now in being for the punish-former law ment of such offenders; and provided also, that such offender, ing such of- after having been prosecuted and convicted under this a#, shall fenders. not, for the fqme offence, be afterwards punished, or liable to be punished by any such former law.

CAP. LIX.

An act to provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on hr Thomas Kumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of publick trust, and high crimes and miidemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandal, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of the parliament.

CAP. LX.

An act to prevent the /educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing callicofs, cottons, muffins, and, or in making or

preparing blocks, plates, Dr other implements in that factory, to go to parts beyond the seas 5 and to prohibit the exporting to foreign parts of any such, plates, or other plements.

[Preamble.]

Penalty on persons enticing workmen employed in printing callicoet, cottons, Arc. to leave the kingdom.

WHEREAS ^/ business or manufactory of printing

cottons, muffins, and linens, with wooden has been

long carried on in this kingdom, greatly to the advantage of the publick, and has of late years sheen much improved by using therein engraved plates of copper or other meta, and thereby the salt goods has been considerably increasedand 'large quantities exported: and whereas, for the encouraging of such manufactory in this

it is necessary that provifm should be made to prevent artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing such blocks and plates, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this kingdom; and to prohibit thA exportation of any, en~

gines, tools, or utensils, to be used in such manufactory: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this a#, if any person or persons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce Qr encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who shall have worked at, or been employed in printing callicoes, cottons, mufiins, or linens of any fort, or in making or preparing any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, for such manufactory, to go out of Great

t

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 85

Britain, to any part beyond the seas, and shall be convicted thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king's bench at Westminster, or by indictment at the assizes or general

gaol delivery for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall live or reside, or by indictment in the court of judiciary, or any of the circuit courts in Scotland^ as the case may be; every person so cofivicted shall, for every artificer so contracted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or (educed, or attempted (b to be,* forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or stewartry, wherein the offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of twelve calendar months, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent offence of the fame kind, the person or persons so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every person so contracted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, the sum of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and shall be committed to the common

gaol as aforesaid, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and during the term of two years, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

II. Provided always, That no person shall be prosecuted for Profecotiop to any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution shall be wjnnieuc-coramenced within the space of twelve calendar months next months!?1 after such offence shall be committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on

passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person or per- exporting, or Ions whomsoever to export from Great Britain to any parts be-

yond the seas, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, blocks* plates, commonly used in, or which are proper for the preparing. See. used in working up, or finishing of the callicoe, cotton, muffin, or li- ma"

pen printing manufactures, or any part or parts of such blocks, nufaC*ory* plates, engines, tools, or utensils; and if any person or persons shall put or endeavour to put on board any ship, boat,

barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound directly to some port in Great Britain, any such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, every such person shall forfeit all such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof; and also shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great, to be recovered

by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jeffy's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of session in Scotland, respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager

of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Officers ini-passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of powered to his Majesty's customs or excise, and they are hereby required blocks &c. and directed, from time to time, to (eize, and secure in some at shall be at-of his Majesty's warehouses, all such blocks, plates, engines, tempted to be

G $ tools, exported.

?« Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.fio.

[1782.*

tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, the exportation whereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they shall find, or be informed to be on board, or in a way of being put on board any ship, boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound di-re&Jy to some port in Great Britain; and all blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, so felted, shall, after condemnation thereof in due course of law, be publickly sold to the bed bidder, to be used in Great, and not

fcliewhere j and one moiety of the produce shall go to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have seized and secured the same.

Penalty on V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the captains, ma- passing of this act, if the captain, matter, mate, or other officer, shall*permT/10 any or ot^er vessel in Great Britain or, shall wil-

such blocks, ^ngly or knowingly permit or differ any such blocks, plates, plates. See. engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, to be put to be put on on board his or their ship or other vessel, or shall connive at the v°ffcU.thftr ^amc ^ing d°ne> he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit ‘ c ' and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as the penalties by this act imposed on persons exporting blocks, or other things, as aforesaid, are directed to be recovered; and if the ship or vessel belongs to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the captain, or other officer or officers thereof, so permitting, differing, or conniving, shall, betides forfeiting the said sum of one hundred pounds, be, and is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding any office or commi (lion under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pass-

oflicers who ing of this act, if any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs

shall take any shall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or suffer war5 for ex- to he ta^en, any entry or entries outward, or (ign any cocket porting any or cockets or sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any

of the said of the said blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or

blocks, &c. parts thereof, or knowingly differ the same to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Brita, to be recovered in manner aforesaid; and shall also forfeit and lose his or their office or employment, and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors. Application of

VII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the re-

forfeitures. spective forfeitures, by this act infii&ed on offenders against the fame, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety to the use of the person or persons who shall sue anti prosecute for the fame respectively.

Limitation of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit actions. shall be commenced against any person for what he shall do in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next afrer the fact committed; and the person so fyed shall and may file common bail, and enter a

coouqon

178a.] Anno vicesimo fcpupdo Georgii III. c. 61.' 87

common appearance, and plead the general issue not guilty, and General issue. may give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or fufter difeonti-nuance, or if a verdict shall paf$ against him, or if, upon de« snurrer, judgement shall be given against him, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the defendant shall recover treble cofte. TreWe costs.

CAP. LXI.

An act for granting an additional duty upon whiti or

bees wax imported into Great Britain.

Mop gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble* commons of Great Britain, in parliament adembled, to* wards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after After jul the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand feve/i hundred and l7g*, an act-eighty-two, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and pound- ditional duty age, and all other subsidies and duties whatsoever, due and pay- of 3<*. per *ble for all white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great Mid*for°all Britain, by any act or aCb of parliament now in force, there white bees shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his wax imported -heirs and successors, before landing thereof, the additional rates, into this king-duties, and imposts following, without any discount or deduc- dom* tion whatsoever 5 that is to say,

For every pound weight avoirdupois of such white or manufactured bees wax, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the sum of three-pence, and after that rate for any greater or Jess quantity. II. III.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional rate or duty herein-before men- The new duty tioned, shall be also subject and liable to an additional impost or

duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under a? ^percent?* the fame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per agreeable to* centum is granted to his Majesty by an act made in the nine- ij Geo^c.is. teenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the duties

under the management of the respective commiftoners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by^he authority afore- The new du-

ftid. That the said several duties and imposts^ herein-before wvd re-

G 4 granted, in the same manner

as the former duties on bees wax:

and to be on* der the management of the commissioners of the customs.

How to be paid into the exchequer*

88 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6r.

[1782.

granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered* in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties now payable to his Majesty upon bees wax are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the same shall be under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in, and shall be by hint

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in the following manner; that is to say, The said additional dutyjipon white and manufactured bees wax shall be paid in distinct and apart from all other monies which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned; and the said additional import of five pounds per centum upon the duty granted by this act*,

shall be paid in as part of the said import granted by the before-mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, under the title and description of The one seven hundred and seventy-nine.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of offi^in which !^e rccc‘Pt exchequer a book or books, in which all the the new duty monies arising from the said duty and import, and paid into the shall be fepa- said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from rately entered. a}i other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and Application successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any ad* or acts of this section of parliament for this purpose, and not otherwise applied, be a fund for thfc payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present section of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of, and for establishing a

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the exportation of any white or manufactured bees wax from this kingdom to any port or place beyond the seas as merchandize, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation of such bees wax by virtue of this act; which drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all rc-spedts, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of bees wax was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this act*.

A book to be provided in the auditor's

thereof.

A drawback of the duties to be allowed on exportation.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8p

CAP. LXII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an made in the Jeconi

year of the reign of his present Majesty, for and training

the militia, as relates to persons paying the often pounds being

liable to serve again in the militia at the expiration of three years; and also to oblige substitutes to make oath ref pitting their place of settlement.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, ( intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England), it is enacted.

That if any person, chosen by lot to serve in the militia, (not being one of the people called Quakers), )ballrefufe or neglect to appear and

take the oath by the said aft required, and serve in the militia, or provide a fubfitute., to be approved as therein mentioned, who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent to serve as a every such person so refusing or neglecting /ballforfeit the sum of ten

and at the expiration of three years be liable to serve or provide a fubfitute: and whereas it is by the said act likewise

That no person having served personally, or by fubfitute, in the militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it comes to his Jam: and whereas very high prices are frequently given by persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia, for the hire of substitutes to serve in their /lead: and whereas fetch high prices are attended with many inconveniences, and are, in a great measure, owing to the advantages which persons providing substitutes are intitled to in pre/erence to those who pay the penalty of ten pounds directed by the said act to be paid by persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the militia: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesliy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the persons chosen authority of the same, That if any person chosen by lot to serve in the militia, in the militia shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be and paying applied to the purposes directed by the said act, such person shall iv*uJ?a,1.not not be obliged to serve in the militia, until by rotation it shall *®tjj come to his turn; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary shall come to thereof notwithstanding. their turn.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Substitute* to said. That no person offering himself to serve as a substitute in be sworn. the militia, shall be accepted and inrolled as such, unless he takes and subscribes the following oath; videlicet;

1A.B. do solemnly swear. That, to the bef of my knowledge and The oath.

belief,the place of my settlement is the parish of in the county of [being the county in which the

fabstitute then offers to serve.]

Which

90

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 63. [1782.

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant, or one justice of the peace, are hereby required to administer at that meeting of deputy lieutenants and justices where such substitute is to be inrolled.

Not to extend

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing to substitutes in this act contained shall extend to substitutes now serving in willing to con* any corpS Qf militia, who may, when the time of their present Oration of service is expired, be willing to continue to serve in the Gunq their time of corps for a further time.

(mice.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to repeal so much of an aR, made i.n the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other purposes therein mentioned), as rejlrains the Highland dress.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an 7, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

j9 Geo. jt.c39. An act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Sect-(recited. land, and for more effectually securing the peace of the said Highlands^, and for redraining the use of the Highland dress; and for further indemnifying such persons as have acted in defence of his Majesty's person and government, during the unnatural rebellion; qnd for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six; and for obliging the maders and teachers of private tcbools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children qr youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to regider the fame; it was, among other things, enacted, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-/even, no man or boy, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as should be employed as officets and foldiersin his Majesty's forces, should, on any pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes; (that is to say). The plaid, philebeg or little kilt, trowfe,shoulder belts, or arty part whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland garb, and that no tartan, or party-coloured ‘plaid or fluff, should be uftdfor great ceats or for upper coats, under the penalties therein inetitioned; and the time appointed for laying a fide the said Highland dress, in certain cases therein

further prolonged by two several aRs, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty-first year of the reign of his said late King George the Second: and whereas it is judged expedient that so much of the aRs above mentioned as rejlrains the use of the Highland dress should be repealed: be it therefore enacted by the King’s So much of m°ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the receited act, the lords spiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this present or any other parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That jjrahtMhr fe muc^ l^c acts above mentioned, or any other act or acts

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64.

of parliament, as restrains the use of the Highland dress, be, and of the high.

the feme are hereby repealed. land drefo,

repealed.

CAP. LXIV.

jfn eft for the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in

being relative to houses of correction.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventh year of the reign prearatjle#

of his late majesty King James the for the due - Reciu| 0fan tint of divers laws and statuies theretofore made against va~ 7 jac> u c

gal end 1, andfiurdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons, houses 4$

of correction are directed to be provided in every county, and furnished with all necessarymills and other implements to set the rogues,

bonds and fiurdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons, to work, attoe expence of every such county, by order of the jujlius of the peace at their general quarter sessions, who are also to appoint a governor or masterof every such house of correction, with power to fei the find persons on work: and whereas by an act made in the /even-teeeeth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, anj I7 Geo. *. to amend, and make more effectual, the laws relating to rogues, c. 5. vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to the houses of correction, the justices of the peace are authorised, upon presentment of the grand jury at the affixes, that the of correction is not sufficient or convenient, by order, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, to enlarge, or buy, or hire a more convenient house, or to purchase land for such buildings, and for a convenient cutlet, and to erect such houses, and to raise upon the county such sums of money as shall be necessary for those: and -

as, by many other acts of parliament, persons are directed to befent by

warrants from justices of the peace to the houses of correction, there to be kept to bard labour for a limited t ime: and whereas in many counties the said houses of correction are inefficient in number, or deficient in building, and the apartments in them are very ill accommodated to

the purposes for which they were intended; by means whereof, and from a want of due order, employment, and in such houses

of correction, the persons ftnt thither for correction and reformation frequently grow more dissolute and abandoned during their continuance in such houses: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, city, their quarter liberty, and precinct, within England and Wales, at their respect sessions, to tive quarter sessions of the peace, to be held next after - J1®?*05!1* a

mer from the time of passing this act, shall, and they are hereby dist^Toex*1 required to nominate one or more justice or justices of the amine the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, riivisions, or districts, houses of cor-whom they shall think most proper, to examine and inspect the rection. several houses of correction within their respective jurisdictions; and the justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby

required

p*

The justice* lo nominated to mike a re* port, &c. to the next Michaelmas qurter fefii* on*.

Sepirate apartment* to be provided for persons committed for felony, &c.

Justices, at

their general quarter feffi-onr, to make facb orders as they shall think proper. Balding* to be furnished, and provided with mills, looms, &c.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64. [1782.

requited carefully and diligently to inspect the fame, with all convenient speed, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next following, ?s to tire state and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alterations which (hey ip ay judge necessary to make them more convenient and useful, having regard to the clafiing of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and puniftunents, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons who are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and wholesome; and the said justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and skilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present building* to make them answer the several purposes of this a&j which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be laid before the court at the said Michaelmas quarter sessions; or if, from any difficulties or accidents, such report shall not happen to be made at that sessions, then, and in that case, the same shall be made at or before the Epiphany quarter sessions then next following $ which court is hereby authorised and required to consider the fame, and if they approve such plans, they may adjourn the quarter sessions to a further day for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work, of which due notice shall be published, and then to contract with such persons whom they shall think most proper to do the fame5 or if they disapprove such plans and estimates, to direct such others to be made as they shall think (it, and adjourn their quarter sessions to some further day, to receive such new plans and estimates,.and also proposals from persons inclined to undertake the work; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of felony, or qonvicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to thq hoqfq of correction for punishment by hard labour, under or by virtue of the laws in being, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners and also proper apartments covered or open, as shall be found most convenient for employing the several persons who are to be kept to hard labour; and they are also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the said house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

II. And be it enacted, That the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, upon any report to them made as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such buildings shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall order them to be fitted up and furnished in such

manner

93

1781.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64;

manner as to them shall seem (it; and shall also provide such mills, looms, utensils, and implements, as they shall judge proper for employing the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour: and the said justices shall, at every general quarter sessions of the peace, call upon the keeper of such house of correction to produce to them in writing ajid of the several persons then in custody, with a description of the offence or offences, and the time for which every such person was committed, distinguishing particularly those who are directed by the warrant 4>r commitment to be kept to hard labour, and also distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and what he or she hath been mod accudomed to, and is bed qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the bed of his information and observation 5 which lid the keeper of every such house of cor- ?eePcrL0^ rection is hereby directed to make out, and deliver to the chair- c^reason to man of such court of quarter sessions, as soon as such court deliver to the shall be assembled ;and the court shall, before the end of that quarter fef-session, give such directions for the future employment of the "°n# laid several prisoners as to them shall seem meet; and the ju- ^eirrefoee-11 dices shall, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, from tire custody. time to time, order and direct a sufficient quantity of materials for manufactures to be provided for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds as they in their difere-tion shall think most proper; and shall employ some fit person to be the keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary aflidant or affidants to indruct.such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture which the judices shall think most proper to be set on foot and undertaken there.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the rules, orders, and RuTcs and; regulations, specified and contained in the schedule hereunto

annexed, for the better rule and government of the persons to schedulem be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly ob- be observed served and enforced at every such house of correction, subjectin house* nevertheless to such additions as shall from time to time be °* correction* made by the justices of the peace for the county, riding, divi-fioo, city, town, or place, wherein such house of correction shall be situate, at their quarter sessions which shall be held next after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act: and for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more drictly attended to, the governors or keepers of every such house of correction shall, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison.

V. And, in ordtr to defray the expenses of the several matters and

things

9+

Expence of maintaining the prisoner* in the houses of correction, &c. how to be defrayed.

Any justice may pretent the want of houses of correction to the quarter sessions.

All prisoners in such houses to be employ* ed by the go* Heritor*

No governor, or officer under hills to fell wine, &c. or any article used in the house.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III! c. 64. [1782.

things herein before directed to be done of

and the support and maintenance of prisoners confined, and

other expences neeejjary to the execution of this not herein particularly provided fory be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, may and shall cause stich fumt of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An for the more easy assessing, cfllecting, and levying of county

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the want of houses of correction, or the insufficiency thereof, may be presented at the court of quarter sessions by a justice of the peace acting for such division or di-flridt, on his own view or knowledge thereof, as well as by the grand jury, pursuant to the directions of the said act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty 5 which present* ment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as if it had been made by the grand jury.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor or keeper of every house of correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all such persons as shall be prisoners therein, and kept and maintained at the expence of the county, division, or district, wherein such house of correction is situate, in some work or labour which b not severe, although such prisoner was not, by the warrant of his commitment, ordered to be kept to labour; and every such governor or keeper shall enter a separate account of the work done by every person under that description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one half of the nett profits, which he or she shall have earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not before.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall be governor or keeper of any house of correctionH or who shall have any office or employment, as assistant, or other* wife under such governor or keeper of such house of correction, shall fell, or be capable of being licensed to fell, or have any benefit or advantage whatsoever, diredWy or indirectly, from the sale of any wine, ale, beer, spirituous or other liquors, or any other article, matter, or thing, used in such house of correction, or by any person or persons confined therein, during the time of such employment; and every person offending therein shall, on complaint made upon oath, and conviction for the said offence, before a magistrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, and shall be dismissed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as affiilant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter sessions of the peace, on proof being made upon oath before them of the said offence; and that no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the houlb of correction to be drank there, unless for a medical purpose, by a

mitten

1782.] Anno vicesimo' secundo GEORGII III. c. 64* 95

written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction; and that the directions given by the said last mentioned act for the inspection and controul by the judices over the mader or keeper of every such house of correction, shall be drictly adhered to and enforced, and every such governor and keeper punished for his neglect of duty or misbehaviour, according to the directions of the said act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the judices of the to fix peace, in their respective quarter sessions, shall fix a reasonable a salary for fclary for governor or keeper of the house of correction, and the governor* may moreover allow him (bme proportion of the profits eartied

by the prisoners.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No woman to passing of this act, no woman shall be capable of being appoint- bc

cd keeper of any house of correction. % correction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the governor of every

house of correction shall have power to put handcuffs or fetters impowered to upon any prisoner who shall behave in a refractory manner, or handcuff re-shew a disposition to break out of ptifon; but such governor fraftorypri-shall give notice thereof to one of the visiting judices, within fener,# forty-eight hours after the prisoner shall be so fettered; and he shall not continue such fettering longer than six days, without obtaining an order in writing from one of the visiting judices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the judices of the justices may peace, at their general quarter sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a appoint a minider of the church of Engla, redding in or near clergyman to the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, ^ne°service ' to'perform divine service there every, and may appoint in any house such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding of correction, twenty pounds per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the

county, riding, division, or place, where such house shall be situate, out of the county rates, or other publick money to be collected therein; but such salary to be dimkiished, at any future quarter sessions, if the judices shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties how by this aCk shall, in default of payment, after due summons and to be recover-

demand made, be levied by didrefs and sale of the offender’s ap*

goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and p c

leal of any judice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender fhafi dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus,

(if any), after the charges of such didrefs and sale shall be deduced; and in case sufficient didrefs shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such judice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; and that every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of tire county, riding, division, or didrict, where such house of correction shall be situate, in aid of the common dock, out of which the, expences

96

[Publick act.]

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64

[1782.

expences attending the execution of the several purposes of this act are to be paid as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Rules* orders, and regulations* to be and enforced at every

house of correction provided and, or to be provided and

established, under the authority of the acts of the seventh year of the

reign of his late majesty King James the First* the seventeenth of

King George the Second, and the of King Georg?

the Third.

I. That the several persons who shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour, shall be employed (unless prevented by ill health) every day, during their confinement, (except Sundays, Christmos-day* and Good Friday) for so many hours as the day-light in the different seasons of the year will admit, not exceeding twelve hours, being allowed thereout to red half an hour at breakfast, an hour at dinner, and half an hour at supper, and that the intervals shall be noticed by the ringing of a bell.

II. That the governor of each house of correction shall adapt the various employments, which shall be directed by the justices at their quarter sessions, to each person in such manner as shall be bed suited to his or her drength and ability, regard being had to age and sex.

III. That the males and females shall be employed, and shall also eat and be lodged, in separate apartments, and shall have no iutercourse or communication with each other.

IV. That every person so committed shall be fudained with bread, and any coarse but wholesome food, and water; but persons under the care of the physician, surgeon, or apothecary, shall be fudained with such food and liquor as he shall direct.

V. That the governor, and such other persons (if any) as shall be employed by the judices to adid the governor, shall be very watchful and attentive in seeing that the persons so committed are condantly employed during the hours of work; and if any person shall be found remiss or negligent in performing what is required to be done by such person to the bed of his or her power and ability, or shall wilfully wade, spoil, or damage the goods committed to his cr her care, the governor shall pu-. nish every such person in the manner hereafter directed. VI.

VI. That if any person so committed shall refuse to obey the orders given by the governor, or shall be guilty of profane curling or (wearing; or of any indecent behaviour or expression, or of any assault, quarrel, or abusive words, to or with any other

17^2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 65.

person; he or she shall be punUhed for the fame in the manner hereafter directed.

VII. That the governor shall have power to punirti the several offenders for the offences herein-before described, by closer confinement; and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter sessions, and the visiting justice or justices, the name of every person who (half be (b punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment inflicted.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enable the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, his heirs, executors, or administrators, to open a street from the Strand, at or near the eall end of the New Church, to the south end of Stanhope Street in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the city and liberty of Well, minder} and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middle sex.

The duke of Newcastle impowered to make a new street from the east end of the New Church to the south end of Stanhope Street. ' Commissioners appointed to set out the new street. Comrai(Boners to hold their meetings t the Peacock Inn in Haugbton Street, or at any place in the city of Wett-minster, on the fourth Tuesday after passing the act, and at other times and places as any five of them shall think proper. Duke of Newcastle authorized to agree with the owners and occupiers of any grounds or buildings for the purchase thereof, within these bounds, via from the Strand at or near the eatt end of the New Church towards the north into Holywell Street, and from thence continuing northwards across the ground whereon several me flu ages (food, and were lately burnt down, and afterwards continuing northwards through or over other messuages and ground into Wyche Street; and from Wyche Street aforesaid continuing northward throogfa or over other messuages and ground, into Little Stanhope Street, otherwise called Maypole Alley; and from thence along the said street or alley, all which messuages and ground are in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster, and county of Middlesex: and also all that messuage and ground situate at the nortn east corner of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and the messuages and ground in Prince's Street and Great Wylde Street, all which lad mentioned premises are in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the said county} and that the materials of the said messuages, &c. shall immediately after the purchase vest in the said duke, his heirs, Sec. Bodies corporate, &c. enabled to treat and agree with the duke of Newcastle for the sale or exchange of any ground or baik&Aiigs within the bounds aforesaid. If proprietors refuse to treat, or do not evince a clear title, the value to be ascertained by a jury. Wit-Defies may be examined on oath. Jury to award the Aims to be paid to Ihe parties. Verdict of jury. Sec. to be final; and to be entered in the register office of the county. On payment of the purchase money, the parties to convey the premises to the duke of Newcastle, his heirs, &c. In default thereof, or of accepting the purchase money, the same to be applied for the benefit of the parties interested as the commissioners shall di-rest; and the premises to vest in the duke of Newcastle. The whole of lay house, or the feite thereof, may be purchased, although a part only may be wanted. No ground to be made use of unless notice thereof be given to the owner on orberore June *4, 1784. Requiring tenants to deliver of the premises in their possesshn within six months after notice. Purchase money for estates belonging to infants. See, to be laid out to the fine uies. The ground for the new street, between the Strand and Holy-Well Street, to be set out by at Dec. 178a; and the purchase money may VOL, XXXIV. H bf

98 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1781.

be paid to the mortgagees, if any. Purchase money for ground whereon any houses lately burnt down were (landing, to bear interest from June *4,178a, till- payment. To be a publick act.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional dutits upon of the several duties under the management of the respective mijftoners of the atjioms and extife in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\I/ E* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the T V commons of Great, in parliament assembled, to-

wards railing, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies and duties herein after mentioned j and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Frora July *5, rity of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of an act* July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall after^hera^ be levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his

of3 percent. Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional impost or duty, of the former after the rate of five pounds p, upon the produce and on amount of all the several subsidies, imposts, and other duties, poittdinto*" what or naturesoever they may be, which are now due exported ' and payable to his Majesty, and are collected in this kingdom, from, or car- under the management and direction of the respective commis-ried coastwise sioners of the customs in Great, for and upon any goods

tain ealBr" an<* merchandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in Great Britain, except and exclusive of the additional

Exception. impost or duty of five pounds per, commonly called

impost one thousand seven and seventy-nine, which was granted by an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, in-v9 Geo. 3c. 15. tituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain; which said additional impost or duty by this act granted shall be charged and paid upon the amount of the said former subsidies, imposts* and other duties* and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon the exportation of the goods, under the same rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the same manner and form in all respe<5ls, as the said additional impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, is now charged* collected, paid, and drawn back, and shall be appropriated and applied to the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

An additional

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, exciseable^ ^rom the said twenty-fifth day of July one thousand

1J$2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 66. 99

seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, goods (except collected, and paid, to and for the Mfe of his Majesty, his heirs a# a^{ ex; and successors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per the rate of

centum, upon the produce and amount of all the several inland 5percent, duties, rates, impositions, ind charges, (except as herein after of the former is excepted) now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged duties, and collected under the management of the respectiv* commissioners of excise in England and Scotland; which said additional duty of five pounds per centum, hereby imposed, shall and may. from time to time, be charged, raised, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and under fitch penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the said additional duty or charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any statute now in force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents qnd purposes, as if all and every the several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

ITT. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho'- Thi« alt not sity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, to affcttthe or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional duties on duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount of the duties on beer, malt, fope, tallow candles, hides, or Undies, and skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or drested, within Great bides, brewed, Britain ;or to charge with the said duty the produce or amount made, &c. in of the several duties of five pounds per, and five pounds Great Britain* per centum respectively imposed upon the produce and amount n.or addi* of the several inland duties, under the management of the said oiftbe commissioners of excise in England and, by the several excise duties,

a^s respectively made in the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty- granted in first years of his present Majesty's reign, or by any or either of 19 Geo. 3. them; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New duties to the said additional imports and duties by this act granted, shall, be paid into froth time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver-gene- the exchequer ra! of the customs, and to the cashier of the excise in England "ceklyi refoectively for the time being; and such receiver-general and caRkier reflectively shall, weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all the monies arising by the said additional imports and duties, (the necessary charges or railing, collecting, and ahfwering the fame only excepted), into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other monies which such receiver-general and cashier respectively shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (ocCeOors, for the uses and purposes in this a A mentioned.

H* V. And

IOO

to be kept fe parate from all other dude*;

and to be applied in payment of the annuities granted by the lottery a ft of this session.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said several imports and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his >- heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said ’ money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund'for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for a certain sum of

money by way of annuities, and for a

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

2,284,715k 10s. 8d. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the sum of 2,284,715 k *os. 8d. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All peiifocs who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to, be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiltry or payment. Auditor, &c. neglecting his duty, liable for damages. Sec.to bie recovered by action in any of the courts at Westminster, with colts. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the fame day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and assignees may transfer orders toties quoties. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills in (lead of loans; and the bills in such ca e to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax act of this session. Ali advantages and penalties in the land tax act of this session, relating to loans or exc> equer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid j out of the sinking fund. Bank authorized to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1.284,7151. 10s. 8d; notwithstanding an act of 5 & 6 Gul. Mari* The turn of 100,000l. surplusof the sinking fund, on Odt. 10,1781; and 670,760). ns. 2d. 3q. of the said surplus on April 5,1782; 23,645l.

7 d. in the hands of the deputy treasurer of Chcllea hospital; and 10,25th iS s. nd. in the exchequer; shall be applied towards making good the supply. A sum not exceeding 9,3151. 6s. 8d.; 28,3461.5s.; 17,44*1; 37,300l.; and 63,928k is. 6d. remaining in the hands of the paymaster geneial, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary expences of tb; land forces, See. from Jan. 31, 1781, to Feb. s, 1781. The monies arising by the land tax. malt tax, lottery act, and loans of 1,500,000k and further loans of 1,900,000l. Vote of credit for 1.000,000l. 200,000l. remaining in the exchequer on Odt. 10, 1781, of the forplufles of the fink- ! ing fund; and 670.7601. its. sd. 3q. remaining on April 5, 1782, of the said surplusses; 23,645l. as. 7d. remaining in the hands of the deputy treasurer of Chelfcabo(pita)j&c.; 10,1511.18 s, 11 d. remaining in the exchequer;

1

17$a.]Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67.

chequer; and *,184,71?!. ios. 8d. by thii aft granted out of the furplaflet of the sinking fund; mall be applied to the uses following: 6,563, 1851. 1*8. 9d. towards naval services; 1,500,000 b towards paying off the navy debt 1 696,001). 13 s. fd. for the charges of the Office of ordnance for 1781 $ 899,713b 15 s. 7 d. for ditto, not provided for in 1781; 7,661,411 L 13s. 4x1. iq towards maintaining the land forces,&c.; of which 1,14.1,835). as. 3d. for defraying the charges of 49,455 effective men, including officers, and 4,175 invalids, for guards, gamfons, &c. in Great Britain, &c.; 1,315.513b 5 s. tod. for forces and garrisons in Africa, and the East Indies, &c.i 43,840b 6s. for general and general staff officers in Great Britain {56,0741. 19s. 4d. aq. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1781 { 367,103 1. 9s. tod. for 13,4.71 troops of Hesse Caffe), Sec.; 61,108 b 11 s. iq. for two regiments of Hanau, &c; 17,498 b 3V. ad. 3q. for a regiment of \Valdeck, &c.; 93,947 b 15s. 8d. for 4,300 Brunswickers, &c.; 43,665b xis. 3d. for >,559 troops of Brandebourg Ap* spach; 13,818b ns. ud, iq. for infantry,&c. of Anhalt Zerbft; 55,469b for provisions for foreign troops serving in America! 15,499 b 17 s. cd. to make good a deficiency in the Turns voted for the troops of Hesse Cassel for 1781; 3,181b 11s. 5d. to make good a deficiency in the turns voted for the troops of Brandebourg Anfpacb 1 4,941b 19 s. to make good a deficiency in the Turns voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft in 1781; 17,683 b 34s. for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign troops for 1781 j 677,497b 15s. tod. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, &c. for 1781) 100,594 b 17 s. id. for defraying the charge of doth-ibg for militia in 178s; 11,319 b 18 s. 8d. for defraying the charge of a regiment of light dragoons, &c.; 36,180b 10s. 8d. for advanced pay for troops for fbe East Indies) 91,8811. 17s. t d. to the outpensioners of Chel-foa hospital; 5411.14s. id. for an additional company, Sec. of militia in South Britain for 1781; 77,595 b 19s. id. for reduced officers of land forces, &c.j 574b 18s. 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horse guards rsdoced.&c.; 1,675b 10s. 4d. for additionals to three regiments of foot, &c.; 5,180^)531. ns. 19 d. sq. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1781, &c.; .,500.0001, for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act Of lift session; 1,000,009 b for paying off the exchequer bills made out by ▼irtoe of the vote of credit of last session 3 1,410,000 b for paying off other exchequer bill* of last session; 480,000b for paying off exchequer bills iffoed ffuoce Jan. 14,178s) 8,908b 9s. id. iq. issued mpurfuance of addresses of the house of commons; 15,000b towards carrying on the buildings at

ffomerfet House; 5,0111. 19s. 5 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; *,5361. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 3,9501. for the civil establishment of Bast Florida; 1,700b for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3.000b for the civil establishment of the islandofSaint Who; 15,000b for maintaining forts on ifie coasts of Africa; 19,000b for the commissioners of publick accounts; 5,830l. is. $d. on account of new roads. Sec. in the highlands of Scotland; 73,704b 8s. for relief of American civil officers, £c.; 5,000b for assisting the Levant company; 3*000 b totbe British Museum; 16,364b 10s. jd. for making compenfa-3m for certain lands, &c. at or near Plymouth; io,qoo 1. toward, rebuild-fog Newgate; 14,7191.4s. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining Coarift*, Sec.; 35,149b 8s. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund to jmy annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1.11; 183,380 b 3 s. 8d. to asoke good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act aft Goo* 3; 101,806 b 9 s. to make good the deficiency of a fond for paying amities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3. c. 18; 153,193b 8s. 31 d. to make good the deficiency of a fond for paying annuities granted m 10 Geo. 3. c.il| and 19,667 L 5 s* ti d. 3a. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1711. The fiud aids to be applied only'to the uses before forgriofifd Rules to be observed in the application of the halfpay. By nil aft is Geo. 3. c. 57. a Turn not exceeding 79^0591. was appropriated to to pod to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above satisfying the said sfoxn, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late or tq officers widows end children, as his Majesty fipU direct.

2 CAP«

lot

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

[1782; CAP. LXVIII.

An act for rivaling the duties payable for beer and ale above fix

rjblllings the barrel> exilufive of the duties of, and not exceeding eleven Jbtllings the barrel, exclafive of such and for granting other duties in lieu therefor granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned \ and also

additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other carriages; and for the better secur\ng the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise and also for appointing the number ers of excise who may hear caujes depending before them relating to the duties on male servants.

Mo ft gracious

[Preamble.]

WT H E REA S beer or ale above fixjbillings the barrel,

five of the duties of excise, brewed for is by law charge-

able with the fame duties that are payable for the Jlrongeft beer or ale so brewed for sale, and the brewing of good table beer of moderate strength is thereby discouraged; and, in order to promote the brewing of good table beer, it is expedient to proportion the duties payable on such beer to the quality and real value thereof; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From July 5* lame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand ays*, the£u- seven hundred and eighty-two, the several rates and duties now beer?from payable for beer or ale above six shillings, the barrel, exclusive 6«. to n«. of the'duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the the barrel, barrel, exclusive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, repealed. *hich shall at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wa shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and in lieu and in dead thereof there shall thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales,

Hew duty. For every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings, exclusive of such cjuties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and proportionally for a greater or lesser quantity, the fuen of three shillings, to be paid by such common brewer $ any law, usage, or cudom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Ho allowance

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to be made to from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven brewer* out ^un(lre^ eighty-twt>, no allowance shall be made to any of the duties such common brewer out of the monies arising by the duty on on malt, malt, granted by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign

of

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c,68- 103

of his present Majesty, intituled An ail granting to his - granted by jifly additional duties upon malt, and upon law wines and spirits for Gf*ch uble* made f r home consumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into beer.

Great Britain, and upon the produce of t several duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all per font trading in, vending, or felling coffee, tea, or chocolate; for any such table

beer or ale so brewed by any such common brewer as aforesaid, any thing in the said statute to the contrary thereof iivany-wise notwithstanding.

III. And, for preventing of frauds, be it further enacted by Table beer the authority aforesaid, That every common brewer who, from made

and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Par.5yb|"Jiler_ and eighty-two, shall brew ahy such table beer above fix (hil- id*by the om-lings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, cers at strong as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to beer, brew and make the fame of one entire guile; and no such common brewer shall, on any pretence whatever, be permitted to brew or make any such table beer of the quality and price aforesaid from any party guile; but all the beer or ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, which, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be brewed or made from any party guile by any common brewer, or other person or persons who shall fell or tap out the fame publickly or privately, (half be charged by the officers of excise as strong beer; and the common brewer, or other person or persons, so felling or tapping out the same as aforesaid, shall pay the duties thereof accordingly; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bowers of every such common brewer who shall brew or make any such toeive table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or are notice to the situate in any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market officers of town, shall, at lead four hours before he shall begin to brew *cife of the any such table beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, to to be the officer of excise under whose survey such common brewer brewing/8*14 shall then be, a notice, in writing, of the particular hour or

time of the day when he intends to begin such brewing; and every other common brewer of such table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or are not situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, nor in any market town, shall, at least twelve hours before he shall begin to brew any such table beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, a like notice in writing; and in case such brewer shall not begin to brew, and proceed in that brewing at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of the said hour and time, every such notice shall be null and void, and every such brewer shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before he or she begins to brew such table beer; and in case any such Penalty on common brewer shall neglect to give such notice, or having default, given a notice which shall become void, (bast neglect to give a

H 4 fresh

104

mix the feve-i ral wort* of each guile.

Penalty on default.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

fresh and like notice, or having given such notice or notices, and having begun to brew such table beer as aforesaid, dull neglect or refuse to proceed therein until the whole guile is finished, every such common brewer offending therein shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

Brewer of such V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That table beer to every such common brewer, so brewing such table beer as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to mix and mingle the several worts of each entire guile of all such table beer, so that the whole quantity of each entire guile, whether the fame be in one or more tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, shall be of one and the fame quality and strength; and then, and not sooner, every such common brewer of such table beer shall declare (on demand made by the gauger or officer} the quantity and quality of the table beer made by him in that guile or brewing, which declaration shall be made before any part of any such guile or brewing is cleansed or removed out of his tuns, vessels, or other utensils; and in case any such common brewer shall not so mix and mingle the several worts of such table beer in his tuns, vessels, or utensils, as that the whole quantity of the guile be of one quality and strength as aforesaid, or if such common brewer, or his servant, brewing or making any such guile of table beer, shall refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, the officer of excise shall, in every such case, charge and return the whole of such guile to be strong beer, and such common brewer shall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit and lose, for every barrel of such table beer contained in such guile, the sum of twenty shillings; and if any _ such common brewer of table beer, or his servant or fervams, d"clarine ther a^rer declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any increak quantity and the said table beer, so declared, by any ways or means what-

quaiiry of such ever, or (half mix his table beer of one guile or brewing with beer, &c. any bepr of any other guile or brewing, or with small beer, or returned drink, or with water, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; or in case such officer or officers shall discover or find any of the said table beer or worts of the fame guile laid off, over and above the quantity so declared as aforesaid, such common brewer shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased or mixed, laid off or found, over and above the quantity so de* dared as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds; and the servant or servants of such common brewer, or other person or perform and every of them, who was or were any-ways concerned, or aiding or assisting in making any such increase or mixture, after declaration, or in laying oft any such table beer, or the worts of such guile, before such declaration made as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased, mixed, or laid off, the sum of twenty shillings; and, in default of payment thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonment; unless it shall appear that such increase or mixture was made by adding to or mining with the fame any table beer that was left in his or her

brewhouse

Penalty on making any

1782.] Anno vieeGmo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 105

brewhouse of a former guile of his or her brewing, and unless it shall also appear, that such increase was made or added in the fight and view of the proper gauger or officer.

VI. And^ to prevent the mixing such table beer with any other

whether Jirong beer or Jmalf either by the common brewer brewing the famey after the gauge thereof hath been, or by the retailer

of any such table beery after the Jame shall have been fold and delivered to him or her9 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thar, from and after the said fifth day of July> one thousand °"h

seven hundred and eighty-two, if any common brewer, inn* [aWe^r keeper, publican, or other retailer of any such table beer, shall after the ‘ mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, in any vessel or measure, gauge bath or otherwise howsoever, any such table beer with any strong taken, beer or ale, or strong worts, or withTmall beer, or small worts, beer *&c.

or with water, after the gauge of such table beer shall have been ’ taken by an officer of excise, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any such table beer, so brewed by any such com- Table beer,

mon brewer as aforesaid, shall be cleansed into any calk or calks j*to"aflc*Dto*

from the tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, wherein the be marked

fame shall have been mixed and mingled, and the length de- with the leu

dared as aforesaid, every such common brewer, or his servant, ter T

shall forthwith mark each and every such calk and caiks, into which such beer shall be so cleansed, with the capital Roman let*

ter T, of the length of four inches at the least, to denote that the beer therein contained is such table beer as aforesaid5 which said mark shall be put on the open and most conspicuous part

of each such calk or calks: and if any such common brewer of

table beer as aforesaid, or his servant, shall cleanse any such

beer into any calk or calks, and shall neglect to mark each and every such calk in manner before directed, the officer or officers

of excise, who shall discover and find any such table beer in any

£a(k or calks, in the posseflionof any such common brewer,

without such mark as aforesaid, shall, and he and they are here- or shall be

by required to charge and return the same as strong beer, and charged at

fcich common brewer shall pay the duties accordingly. strong beer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any such common brewer shall have cleansed such Such calk* to table beer into any cask or calks in manner herein-before direct- be kept fop*, td, each and every such calk and calks, containing such table r*!e beer, shall be kept separate and apart from all other casks and barrels of other beer or ale then in the possession of any such common brewer, on pain of forfeiture, for every offence therein, the sum of twenty pounds. "

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Brewers of no common brewer, who shall brew or make any such table beer such table as aforesaid, shall knowingly fell or deliver, Or permit dr fuller |?«Jr not to to be sold or delivered, any of the said table beer,' either by the o3h5rcon»moo barrel or otherwise, to any other common brewer, or to any brewers, &c, brewing victualler, or to any exporter of beer, or to any person

t * am

io6

All the dow-

ers,directions, ttc. provided by \% Car. *. c. «4. or any other law now in force, relating to the excite upon beer, &c. shall be applied in execution of tbisadb

From July 5, 178*, an additional duty of ios. per ann. shall be paid for every coach, berlin, or other four-wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches);

and also for every twowheeled carriage kept for private ufc.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. 68. [1782.

or persons, to and for the use or benefit of any such other common brewer, brewing victualler, or exporter of beer, on pain of forfeiting, for every Rich offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and knights service, and purveyance 5 and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof y or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale; and other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating* or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other directions are given and alterations made by this act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of Juty, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty of twenty shillings annum for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise* marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known,* that shall be kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, or that shall be kept by or for any person or persons as publick (lage coaches, employed in carrying s for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, (other than and except such coaches and other carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the comm'iillr oners for the duties arising by hackney coaches); and also for and upon every calalh, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or

what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that mail be kept by or for any person or persons for his, her, or their own use; which said additional duty of twenty shillings, hereby Httposed upon coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, (half, from time to time, be paid down by the person or persons respectively keeping the fame, in like manner, and at the feme time, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the feme

means

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 107

means and methods, and undqr the like rules, regulations, directions, and penalties, as the annual duties given and granted by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled. act for grant-

ing to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million by way of lottery, to be charged upon the rates and duties, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several additional duties, herein before granted The new da-on coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, shall be moreover ria^eTtoTbe subject and liable to the additional duty or import of five pounds to the per centum, and five pounds per centum,on the produce and additional 5

amount thereot respectively, in the same manner, and under the P*1,0* fame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per Geo.

tunty and of five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majesty by and si Geo. 3.

two several acts of parliament, the one, made in the nineteenth c. 17. year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several -duties under the management of the respective of the

custom and excise in Great Britain 5 the other, made in the twenty.first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the product of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the excise in Great Britain,

Xm. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Pron J®ly Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all fope of what f7>^ */" kind soever which, at any time or times after the said fifth day tionalUluties of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be shall be paid made within the kingdom of Great Brita, over and above all for all /ope duties, charges, and impositions, by any act or acts of parlia-roent thereupon set and imposed, the several additional duties herein* after mentioned and expressed$ that is to say,

For and upon all hard cake fope, or ball fope, made in Great Hud cake Britain, an additional duty of three farthings for every pound f°P*» iq. per weight, confirting of sixteen ounces avoi; and after that P00* rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

And for and upon all soft fope made in Great, an act- f°P*> *q. ditional duty of one farthing for every pound weight, confiding of sixteen ounces avoirdupois; and after that rate for a greater or kfier quantity:

Which said several and respective duties on fope shall be paid To be paid by by the makers thereof respectively; and the dune shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the like rales, and with like drawbacks on such Britj/b made fope exported, as the former duties on fope made In Great Britos* lie now raised, levied, collected, paid, and drawn back.

XIV. And be further cnadod by the authority aforesaid,

That

io8

The additional duties to be repaid for all such fope ofed in cerram manufactures.

The additional duties on carriages, and on fope, shall be levied and paid in the same manner at the lormtr duties.

Howto be applied.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68.

[178a;

That the said additional respective duties, hereby imposed on British made fope, shall be repaid to the person or persons who shall employ, spend, or consume any quantity or quantities of such fope respectively, in the making bf any clothes, serges, ker-fies, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whefeof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finishing the said manufactures, or preparing the wool for the fame, or in whitening of new linen in the piece, in order to the falc of such linen which said repayment of the said additional respective duties shall be made on the like proofs, and under the same rules, regulations, oaths, affirmations, pains, and penalties, as in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne* intituled An act for laying additional duties on fope and paptry and upon certain linens, and stuffs, and

upon Jlarch and exported coals, and upon stampt

and paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand, by

ipay of a lottery, for her Mayejbfs supply; and for allowances on ex-

porting made wares of leather, /beep, and lamb /kins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds, due to the officers and seamen for

gun money; and to adjufi the property of tickets in former lotteries y and touching certain /bares of flock in the capital of the South Sea company \ and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty, is directed and required.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said respective additional duties, hereby imposed on coaches and other carriages, and on fope made in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under such management, penalties, and forfeitures, and with such powers for recovering the fame, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the several and respective former duties on coaches and other carriages, and on fope made in Great Britain respectively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the directions of any act or acts of parliament now in force respecting the said duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, relating the reunto^ were particularly here repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies irifing by the said additional and other duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distin&fy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and shall be appropriated and applied in man* ner following; that is to say; the Him'of two shillings, part of the said duty of three shilling* the barrel by this act imposed on table beer, shall be paid, issued, and applied, to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the monies arising by the duties on every barrel of six shillings

beet

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68* 109

beer or ale, or under, were, by the several statutes in that case made, appropriated unto, and directed to be applied; and the remainder of the said duties on table beer, together with the additional duties on fope, and on coaches and on other* car* riages, as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the au- A book to be ditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which {hciadhor’s all the monies arising from the said several rates and duties, and office, in paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate which the mo* and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, n,c* arising his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever and the ftaUbe^nte* said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore- e<£ en er" said, except so much thereof as is herein-before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and Application revenues, as shall be granted by any adk or acts of this session of thereof, parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled; aft raising a certain Jam of money by way of annuities, and for a

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time or times, it shall happen that the produce In ca(e the of the several duties granted by this act, together with the fe- produce of the veral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session &ra&twl of parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of three pounds per centum, and or four pounds, and of seven- ffiallpro?* in-

teen shillings and six pence per centum, in respect of thirteen mil- sufficwnt to lions five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed in pursuance of P3*the annul-an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for by* £ra.nte<i raising a certain sum of money by way of an, and for establish- aa of

ing a lottery, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the (eve- session, then ral annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per such deficien-

centum, and also thejsaid annuity of seventeen shillings and fix- ®*J.be f pence per centum, to continue for seventy-eight years, from the thinking*0* fifth day of January,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, fund, fee.

and then to cease, together with the other charges and expences attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid ont of the feme at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment at which the feme are directed by the said aa to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the monies which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropiated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, iffixed and applied accordingly; and if, at any time or times.

116 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

times, before any monies of the said fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the (inking fund* (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

Monies UTued

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority finkSjefund That whatever monies shall be issued out of the said

how to be re- sinking fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of placed. the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority In case of a aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder ties? the fame l^c mon*es anting by the said fund, after the said several and shallbereferv* respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or mo-ed for the dif- ney sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or position of remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the dispoti-parliament* tion of parliament, and (halt not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future a d or acts of parliament; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by an act, made in the session of parlia-*1 Geo. 3.0.55, ment, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon

chocolate’ made in Great Band for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securitig the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for, preventing frauds therein; for the more pundual and ready

payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mi (lake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said

ad; it was, amongst other enacted, That, for the preventing

of smuggled tea being conveyed from the sea coasts of this kingdom into the /locks of dealers in tea, no tea exceeding the quantity of pounds weight should at any time, save as therein is after be re-, moved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any place within the said limits: and whereas the fuffiring tea to be brought from the country into London in quantities not exceeding six pounds weight, hath in a great meofure defeated the

good effects propofedby the said recited, and great quantities of smuggled tea have thereby been received into the fraudulent

tea dealers, living within the limits aforesaid; now, for the more effectually preventing such evil practices, be it enacted by the From Aug. v, authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of, 178x.no tea one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea whatever to be removed ^ass 2t any t*ime (favc as herein after is mentioned) be removed pa°roV7hi* or carried from an^ part of this kingdom, not being within the kingdom into limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of

excise

1782.] Anno viccfimofccundo GEORGIIIII, c. 68.

excise in London, to any place within the said limits5 and if any tea whatever shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, slave as herein after is mentioned), the fame t.ogether with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing such tea, and the vessels and boats, and the horses, and other cattle and carriages, employed in removing the fame, shall be forfeited, and -shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And w her cos by the said recited it was further enabled, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight as therein is excepted), at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partner ship, should be removed of carried from any city, town, or

place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, parish, or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and it was by the same act provided that nothing therein contained should be confirued to prevent any dealer in any such city, town, pa-

rish, or place, from taking out two or more permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more packages of forty pounds each to the same person in the fame day, in manner therein directed and provided: end whereas the permitting tea to be sent from places not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, in so large quantities as forty pounds weight, has been much abused by fraudulent dealers in tea, and very considerabte quantities of smuggled tea have thereby been received by such dealers, from the coafs of this kingdom, to the manifest diminution of the revenue, and to the injuty of the fair trader: now, for obviating such frauds, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being in the original chest in which the fame tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eqjl Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it was so imported) at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, shall be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforesaid, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, (and not being in the origi* nal chest as aforesaid), shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the fame, together with the canifters, bags, and other package containing the fame, and the vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same.

lit

the weekly

bills of mortality, (except as hereafter mentioned); on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Other part of the said act recited.

From Aug, 1, 178a, no tea exceeding *0 pounds weight (not being in the chest in which it was imported), shall be removed out of any city. See, not within the bills of mar* tality.

on penalty of forfeiture.

112

Several packages of so pounds each may be sent the fame day.

Tea removed according to this act may be returned.

Provisions of the receited act (not expressly repealed) to remain in force.

Penalty on

persons counterfeiting any perpiic for removal of excite able goodsi

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. [1782.

fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; any thing in the said statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in tea, in any such city, town, parish, or place as aforesaid, from taking out two or more permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more packages of tea, of twenty pounds each, to the same person in the fame day, so as the said packages shall not contain more than twenty pounds each, and shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent dealers in tea, who shall have received into their respective (locks any tea removed according to the directions of this act, and accompar nied with an authentick permit or certificate, from returning the fame for the like cause, and in manner and form, as in and by the said receited act is mentioned and directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the authorities, powers, provisions, rules, regulations, and directions, by the said receited act prescribed and given, and not hereby expressly taken away or altered, shall continue and be exercised, used, and applied, as they might have been if this act had not been made.

XXVI. And whereas by the several relating to the inland

duties under the management of the commissioners of, is rected, that permits or certificates should be, by the officers of

excise, to accompany exciseable commodities removing from one part of

this kingdom to another part thereof and certain forms of such permits have, from time to time, been prepared for that purp oft, by the direction and appointment of the said, with certain

stamps and marks impressed thereon: and whereas great frauds are daily committed by evil-minded persons, who forge or counterfeit such permits or certificates or who knowingly give or grant false and ten-true permits or certificates, or who alter or permits or cates, after the fame have been delivered by the proper officers: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of J, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit or certificate, for the removal of any exciseable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by any act or acts of parliament now in force required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give or grant any false or untrue permit or certificate, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit or certificate, to accompany any such exciseable commodity to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any permit or certificate after the feme shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excisej or if any person

I7*.] Anno vicesimo secundo- Georgii III. t: 68. t

son or persons (h»H knowingly or willingly publish or make use or who shall of any such permit or certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, kn?1w1ing,jr r untrue, altered, or erased; every person so offending shall, for any fuchptr! each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two mit. " hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted m 307 of his Majesty's courts of record at or

iti the court of exchequer in Scotland:, one moiety whereof to be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the finite; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one. imparlance; and every such permit or certificate, so counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, or to be Penalties and incurred by virtue thereof, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, forfeitures or mitigated, by such ways* means, and methods, as any fine, how,10 be.^ penalty, or forfeiture, is or may Be recovered or mitigated by'JpJJJ^u^ any law or laws of excise, (not otherwise directed by this act), v or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his t. Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; one moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to htm who shall discover and sue for the same.

XXVIII. And whereas by a clause in ati act of, made Recitarof a

in the loftftffion of parliament, intituled An act for the better ma- clause in as

nagetnent and collection of the duties upon male fetvants, ®eo* 3*Ct * granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That all prosecutions for the cowry of the duties upon male /ervants, and also for all'forfeitures and offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the chief office of exitfe in London, /ballbe h, and -

mined, by the commijfmers of excise, or the major part of them: and whereas the business of the said office cannot be executed with the lit* di[patch, ease and convenience to the parties concerned, as might be done in case the said prosecutions were to be

and determined by a lefsnumber of the commijfmers of the said duties

for the time beingthan a majority of them* as is now done in all other atfn within the jurisdiction and limits of the said chief office of ex-ctfi: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From July *5, after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred ,7*» *H pro-and eighty-two, all such prosecutions as aforesaid which, before the said twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- a^f may 5* dred and eighty-two, (Hall not be heard, adjudged, and deter-determined by mined, but shall then, or at any time after, be depending at *ny of the said chief office, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and de- mi(Honero>m* termined, by any three or more of such commissioners for the time being; and that it shall be sufficient, in the written account or record of such proceedings, to mention that such prosecutions are made and exhibited to and before three of such commissioners without particularly mchtioning or expressing Vol. XXXIV, I the

*44' Anfto viqefitpo fiteanalo G®o«WI ill. c.%. ft 7S*.

the christian and furuame of such three commissioners for the time being; and that every such adjudication and determination of such three or more of such comrojflioners for the-time being shall, and hereby is declared to, be as good and valid in the law, and of the fame force and effoft, to all intents and purports whatsoever, as if such adjudication and determination had been by all, or by the majority of such commissioners for the timo being; any law or statute to the contrary in anywise naotwith-standing.

This act not

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to abridge the nothing in this act contained shall extend) or be cenftrued to ^rife officer*. exten* to ta^e away or lcffcn any of the powers or authorities heretofore given to the officers of excite, and for the inland ! duties, by any law or laws now in force relative to the said duties.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty on That if atw person or persons whatsoever shall a&ult, rpfiife assaultingor oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excite, or °^>°fiffi€tfa1in *Pr the inland duties* in the due execution of the powers or au-exeeutingthia thorities given or granted to,such officer or officers by this act, aft. every person or persons so doing shall forfeit and lofc, for every J

such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or actions. times, be sued or prosecuted for any act or thing by him or them

dpne or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties of excite, or inland duties, such action or proteoution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the act or thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper county; and such General issue. person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act) and the special matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or ftut shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, on demurrer or other-Treble cod*, wife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for compelling John Whitebill esquire to rttura into this king.

1 v dom; and for redrawing him, in case of his return, from going out of

this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and ef* fest*» and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

If John Whitehill efmiire, heretofore governor and president of the fetdement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel in the Bast Indies, and also heretofore member of the council and of the select Committee of the settlement aforesaid, shall within forty*two days after three notices in the London Gazette, return into thi* kingdom, he shall enter into recognizance not to leave the fame before Feb. i, *78;, in the penalty of 50,000l. for himself) and a0,000l. for his fureues, with condition that if

iy8*.] Anna vkefkno fecund© Georgii III. c. 69.

be shall not depart oat of this kingdom before the ift of February 1783, the said recognizance to be «otdi for taking, filtering and inrolling of which only 10 s. to be taken, betides the stamp duty. In case he neglect 19 enter into fqch recognizance, barons of the exchequer may corn.tiit him to thefleet; and if be leave the kingdom before Feb 1, 1783, be. and tts aft It sms therein, faall forfeit (her eft ares both mat and perfosml. John Whitehall esq; ibdllU within thirty days aftqrbis return ynto the kingdom, deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of His l«ad«, tenements* goods, S*c in Europe, the Rah Indies, China, qr cll'e-where, whereof he was Cei zed or possessed April 1, 1781, (except his wearing apparel, and that of his wife and children, the furniture of nit house, and flock on his farm). Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house of comgwn*. If the particulars (h*U appear evasive or oqfar tufaftory, See. the barons of the exchequer ace to examine the person delivering the fame, upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any fa In mens from the said barone, they may issue their warrant for ap-psthending the defaulter j who, on refuting to be examined, &c. shall be famaitted. Per fans detaining any part of the property,of John White-tyllelq; or able to give information concerning the same, and who fl*all tefufe to come before the said barons, &c. when lawfully fumrooned, fbatl be committed. John WhitehiH esq; disabled from aliening or incumber-fag his real estate, until Feb. i, 17! 3; and *Hq from assigning his personal cute, except for the fnbfatence of himfalf and family* or for paying his debts cantrafted before April xy, 178a, and except perifoable goods, and fbfficient to indemnify his sureties. Exception of iq.ooooI. to make a pro* rifion for children, in case of marriage, which jprovision not to be aflfefted by such recognizance. This act not to disabk John Whicebill esq; from drfpofiag of his estate or effects, in case he shall die before Feb. 1, 1783, he. fubpft to the justice and disposition of parliament, nor from trans-faring apv mortgage affecting his estate April 29, 178s, for securing mo* net bona fide before due, so as no further sum be advanced after. If Jem WfcfeehfH esq; shall, before Feb. 1, 1783, convey any of his monies or «f&£b not of the realm, (except as is excepted), he* and his aiders Ifareio, shall be punished as felons, and suffer death # Penalty on personss Who shall conceal any estate belonging to John Whitehill esq; to forfeit tseble value, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the informer^ to be recovered by action. See. with cotta, and to suffer imprisonment for om whole year, without bait Allowance to be made to per (bus making ffacovary of any estate or effects concealed 3 sol. per cent, for effects be* yond fat, and 101. per cent, if in the kingdom; to be paid out of the net produce. East India company to fend an authenticated copy of the par-palm delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, Sec. Allowance to penon* making discovery of concealed sftates or effects in India; sol. per cent, out of the net prodpee, tod the governor general and council of Bengal, and the governor and council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the fame in the name of the East India company. Persons in ladia who shall secrete anjgestate, real or personal, after six months from the time of entering the particulars of his estate upon record, to forfeit tseble the value, one moiety to the East India company, and the other to Mm that will sue; to be recovered by action &c. with costs; and if ttye hffemlet be a British subject to suffer imprisonmient at the diferetien of the omt, but not above one year. Forfeited estates, to be paid into the eachequer. la case Johh Whitehill esq; shall not, within twenty days after the expiration of the forty-two days before mentioned, return into this kingdom, all his estates, both real and personal, shall be forfeited to his dtftycfty. To be a publick act.

13 CAP.

16

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 70. [i7&*«

CAP. LXX.

[Preamble.]

Recital of Geo. 3.0.34.

Commander in chief, and hit secretary, impowered to send and receive letter* free from postage.

The said commander to appoint two persons to indorse publick letters sent from hit office.

An act to enabli the commander in chief of his Majesty's and the secretary to the commander in chief of his to

send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of

WHEREAS by an aQ, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ( in, An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage), it is That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfour, so long os the revenue arising in the general

Utter-office, or post office, or office of poftmqftergeneral, shall continue to be made part of the aggregate no letters or packets sent

by the post, to or from any place what so ever, shall be exempted from

paying the duty of postage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage is not, by the said act., extended to the commander in chief of his Majests forces, or to the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being,who, by virtue of their respective offices and employments, necessarily send and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of these kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the said commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, shall and may send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as other officers mentioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commander in chief for the time being to authorize and dire# certain persons, not exceeding two in number, in |gs office or department, (a list of whose names shall be, from time to time, transmitted by him to the general post office in London), to make and subscribe an indorsement upon letters and packets, to be sent by the post from his office, which shall concern the publick bufi* ness of his office or department, signifying that such letters and packets are upon his Majesty's service; which letters and packets, being so subscribed, and being sealed with the Tea! of the commander in chief for the time being, or his secretary, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the post, free from the duty of'postage.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 71. x 17

That if any person, authorized to make and subscribe such in- Penalty on dorfctnent, mail knowingly make the fame, or procure the fame jn<jorfinjj any to be made, upon any letter or packet which does not really doe^not «m-concern the bu fine Is of the said office or department of com- cent the find Blander in chief, such person shall, for the first offence, forfeit office, and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as by the ai%of the ninth' year of the reign of queen Anne, for edabliming a general pod-office, is directed with respect to the penalties inflicted by the said a #j and for the second offence shall be dismissed from his office.

CAP. LXXL

An act more effectually to prevent his Majestfs enemies from

japplied with flips or vessels from Great Britain.

WHEREAS there is great reason to apprehend that his preamble* Majesty's enemies may endeavour, by purchasing in the name of the subjects of neutral fates, or by other indirect means and

trhances, to obtain the flips of bit Majestf, as well for the

furpose of hofiility against his Majesty> asfor carrying on their own trade etna commerce, whereby the publick servicey and the trade and commerce

of this country, may be greatly injured \ for preventing thereof, may

it please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

In this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty's fubie#s (without licences from his Majesty in council fird obtained), dire#!y or indirectly, to fell or otherwise dispose of, or to contract or agree to fell or otherwise dispose of, any ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, to any fufajje# or tbbje#5 of any neutral date, or to any person or persons redding in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such fub-je# or subjects of any neutral date, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever; and if any such sale, disposition, contract, or agreement, shall be made, it shall be null and void to and for all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the ship or ships, or vessel oir vessels, so fold and disposed of, jor agreed to be sold or disposed of, with the guns, ammunition, dores, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, belonging, shall be forfeited to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the person or persons offending herein shall over and above forfeit the value of such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels; and all such ships or vessels, of which any sale or disposition, or agreement for sale or disposition, shall be made contrary to this a#, shall be seizable, if in any port, by or by order of the collator, comptroller, or other principal officer of


From July io, 17s*, no pes* son, without licence, shall fell any ship to any subject of a neutral state, &c.

All such contracts to be void j and the ships, $tc. forfeited.

Its

8hipt fold before July to, 1781, and remaining in porrt such falec shall be void.

Mailer, or owner, ot every ship,

Uc. (ailing to any Foreign port, to give bond to his Majesty that the same shall not be fold contrary to this act.

In case any ship, after giving such bond, shall be sold to any of his Ma-jefy's (bb-lefts, a new bond shall be given.

Anno victfloio feeuftdd Gsofteif IIL c. 7 [vfttm

the cluftonfs in such port5 or if at fe«, then by the commands of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war* or of any veffdl employed in the service of his Majesty's revenue.

II. And be it farther ertafted, That if* before the said tenth day of Juh* one thousand seven hundred and eaghty-iwo* turn ship or vessel belonging t6 any of his Majesty's subjects shall have been fold, or have been contracted to be sold, to any fub» jest or subjects of any neutral date, or to any person or periods redding in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such subject or subjects of any neutral date, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, and shall, at any time after the passing of this act, be in any port or harbour within Great, then

every such sale, or contract for sale, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, before any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's subjects shall be permitted or allowed to fail or depart from any port or hai-bclur of Great Britain, bound to any foreign port or placet a bond shall be given to his Majesty by the mafttf or one of the owners, with two fuffitient sureties, to be approved of by the Collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place from Whence such ship or veflet it Intended to fail, in double the value of such ship or vessel, and of the guns, ammunition, (lores, tackle, apparel, and fomi-Idre, to such ship or vessel belonging, upon condition that the fame ship or vessel shall not, during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly, be fold or cfifposed of, or contracted or agreed to be sold or disposed of, contrary to this act; and the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty's customs shall, upon taking such bond, give a certificate under his hand, without any fee or reward for the fame, that such bond hath beeri given to his Majesty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further etiafted, That if any ship or vessel, after bond given in pursuance of this act, shall be sold or disposed of to any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, resident within this realm, or in any of his Majesty's dominions, it shall be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place at which such bond was given, or at any other port or place in Great Britain, upon application to be made to him or them in that behalf, and upon production of the certificate herein-befoit directed, to take from the master, or one of the owners, and two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by such collector, comptroller, or other principal officer, another bond to his Ma-

S, in the fame penalty, and with the like condition, as the d before given in respect of such ship ot vessel; and from thenceforth such former bond, in case there shall not have happened any breach in’ the condition thereof, shall be null and Void, to all intents and purposes and this provision for taking fef a new bond shall operate and have effect as often fes there shall be any new sale of any such ship or vessel.

rj&Tk] Aqno vloefitao feeundofisotoii Hi. c. 7*,73. tty

V. Provided alfe, and be it further enacted, That *11 bonder The bond* to to be taken pursuant to this act, shall be provided at the expence of his Majesty, and shall not be chargeable with any of CI*‘ the duties upon damped veilutn, parchment) or paper; any law pence, or ft%t«tc 10 the contrary*in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That every broker, agent, or Penalty on other person -negotiating or trapfading any sale, contract, or JP*"* any agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, trary to tSb shall forfeit and pay the (bin of one thousand pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the pecuniary pe- penalties and tvakies and forfeitures, which shall be incurred under this act, forfeitures shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or how to be re-information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West- cov*r ao<* minster, or in the conn of exchequer in Scotland respectively, in app which no etfom, privilege* protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be alto wed; and one moiety thereof shall he to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and faoceuors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of him, her, or them, whp shall fee for the feme.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons sued font shall be sued or preiefuted for any thing done by virtue or in executing in purfeanoe of this act, such person or persons may plead the pi^the^e-general iftoe, and give this act and the special matter in evi- |,erai deuce in has, her, or their defence or defences 5 and if afterwards a verchd shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (frail disconcinue his, her, or their action or prosecutioty of be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to and recover' him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs. tfcbIc cost*.*s

IX. Provided always, and oe it further enacted, That this Continuance d shall only continue in force until the end of one month from of this act. the first day of the session of parliament which shall next ensue

after the pafeng of this act*

CAP. LXXII.

Ail aff for eontinbing lo Inuch of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fillet and velvets.

S Geo. f. c. it. recited, and further continued until June 14,17M, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LXXII I.

An act to explain an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Kiflg Charles the Second, ( intituled An act for prohibiting the plant-

ing* letting, pr (owing of tobacco in England or Ireland), and to permit the use andremoval of tobacco, the growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited timeunder certain

[Preamble.]

WHERE A>S by an act, modi in the twelfth year of the reign of ftWCharfos ibr Second,fer prohibiting the planting. Recital of an

14. r setting, Car*1

a> c. 54.

£ao Anno vicesimo secunda Georoh III. c. 73.

[17*.'

setting, or lowing of tobacco in

or improving to grow, making or curing tobacco, either in feed, plants or otherwise, within the kingdom England, dominion Wales, islands o/Guernsey or Jersey, or /ow« of Berwick upon Tweed,

ts prohibited \and the said a byfiveral been

explained and enforced: and whereas doubts have whether the said prohibition is extended to that part of Great Britain called Scot*

5 Q^An. c. 8. land, by on aQ made in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, ( intituled An act for an union of the two.king* doms of England'and Scotland): now, for obviating such doubts for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be ena&-ed; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the* lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thi* present parlii* iTherected ment assembled, and by the authority*of the fame. That the aa, See. ex* said act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles *° the Second, and all and every other act or acts which hath since Scotland* passed for. prohibiting the culture of tobacco in England, shall extend, and be condrued to extend, to that part of Great tain called Scotland; any thing in any former act or acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is reasonable to permit, for a limited time, under certain refiriHions, the use and consumption of such tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have been planted before the passing of this act, and be now growing the re, be Tobacco, the >t therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and

C*th of every person or persons whatsoever, having in his, her, or their lanrf,tobe custody or podeflion, any tobacco of the growth or production before Aoa* Scotland,shall, before the twentieth day of August, one thou-se, 178s* knd seven hundred and eighty-two, give or fend notice in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, to the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs, at the cudom-house in Scotland neared to the place where such tobacco shall be lodged, ajudandtrue account upon oath (which oath such cd-leltor and comptroller of the customs are hereby authorized and required to administer) of the quantity of such tobacco that such person or persons shall then have in his, her, or their custody or podeflion; and at the same time shall enter with and pay to such collector and comptroller the like duties for such tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America; and the like account shall in like manner be given or sent, and the like duties paid, for all tobacco that shall have been planted before the pading of this act, and may be now N growing in Scotland; which lad mentioned account shall be sent,

and the duties paid, within threl calendar months after such tobacco shall be gathered, on forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be found unentered after the respective times herein-before limited.

Such tobacco JU. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* not to be re* said. That such tobacco dull not be carried or removed fcom

Scotland,

*7*0 Anno ricefisna secundo Georgii III. c. 73;

Scotland, into any part of England, by land carriage, upon the forfeiture thereof, together with the horfos, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the &me+

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the proprietor or proprietors of (itch tobacco to remove the fame, coastwifp by water, into any port in England, from the port where such tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any time before the twentieth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three* in hogsheads or cades, each of which shall not contain Ids than four hundred and fifty pounds weight of such tobacco; and before such tobacco shall be laden on board any ship or vessel for that purpose, the hogfiieads or cades shall be marked on the outside with the words Scots Tobacco, in letters not less than three inches in length, with ink or (bfite other durable liquor; and the net weight of such tobacco, rad the care of the cades, shall be also marked, with such ink or liquor, on the outsides of inch hogsheads or cades, and a certificate shall be granted, by the collector and comptroller of the customs at such port, to the mafier of the ship or vessel on board which such tobacco shall be laden, to accompany the fame j which certificate shall expref* the weight of such tobacco, with the marks upon the cades, the name of the ship or vedel, the name of the person or persons by whom the duty was paid, and the time when, and the -port in England to which, such tobacco is intended to be carried; and such tobacco shall also be liable to the like coast Securities, sufferances, cocquets, and other restrictions, not altered by this act, as are required by law for tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the colonies or

plantations in America, carried coast wife in Great Britain; and if such tobacco shall be removed, or found removing, without being marked as before directed, or without such sufferance, cocquet, or certificate, or shall not agree therewith, such tobacco shall be forfeited.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall take any false oath, or shall counterfeit, forge, erase, or in any wise alter any certificate required by this act, or shall cause or procure such certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in

any respect, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety

to his Majesty, his heirs or successots, and the other moiety thereof to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the fame; and such penalty shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or lord advocate for Scotland, or in the name of any officer or officers of the customs in any court of record in England, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland rripeftivciy, where such offence shall be committed or discovered.

IZI

moved into England by land carriage,

but may by water, under certain re. ftfi&oas.

Penalty on counterfeiting or altering certificates.

12*2

AH such tobacco not duty entered, or removed contrary to this act, until the oattle* kc. shall be forfeited.

Duty to be paid without any discount.

Application

thereof.

No drawback on expoi tattoo.

[Preamble.]

Anno viceGrtno feeofxto GnrghIII. c. 74,75.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such tobacco as shall not be entered, and for which the duties shall not be paid, pursuant to the dwedbont of this act, or which shall be removed, or found removing, in any respect contrary thereto, together with the horses, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or convey* anoe, of the fame, shall and may be seized by any officer or oncers of the customs, and prosecuted, recovered, and bifposed ef; in the same manner, and by such ways and means, as othw forfeited tobacco, horses, cattle, and carriages, may be feiasd* prosecuted, recovered, and difjpoied of, by any act or acts of parliament in force in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afoss-

said. That the said duty hersin-before granted shall be paid down in ready money without any dtfaovnt or allowance whatsoever, and mail be under the management and direction of the commissioners of the customs in and their off cars, and

Shall be remitted to, and paid into, the receipt of hit Majestyk exchequer, by the receiver-general of the customs in distinct and apart from all other monies which such reodwt-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fee* ceftors % and shall be appropriated and applied to the same efts and purposes as the dories payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth or product of the colonies or pita*

rations in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afots-said, That no part of the said duty, granted by this act, shall be repaid or allowed upon the exportation of such tobacco from any pan of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners, or other persons for putting in execution certain acts of this, session of parliament.

Any a&otflfed during the present feiton, the commissioners* See. for executing whereof shall not have met as therein directed, may meet, ice* W any day within a fortnight after the end of this session.

CAP. JLXXV.

An act to prevent the granting in future any patent office to he txer-cited in any colony or plantation, or at any time hereafter, be-

longing to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer term then during such time at the grantee thereof, or person appointed to, /tall discharge the duty thereof in, and behave well therein.

WHEREAS the prattiee of granting tffices in hit

colonies and plantations in America* and the West Indies, to persons resident and intending to reside Great Britain, (in conference whereof such officers are ejeereijef, by, and bate been i frequentlj

iy8l.]Anno vicesimo fecuado Georgii III. c. 76L 12

frequently farmed out to the heft bidder)9 has been long complained of

as a grievance by his Majesty's loyal subjects in those, who have been thereby exposed to exactions and opprest as well as to

vemenees atifing from neglect of duty; may it plc*(b yoor Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

etedfem majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

Ihmtat assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from Granting pa-

kactforth no Office to be exerdfed in any colony or plantation to

Aow, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great jjfthecolo?

Britain, shall be granted or grantable by patent for any longer nies, restrict-

term than during such time as the grantee thereof, or perkm «d.

appointed thereto, shall discharga the duty thereof in person,

and behave well therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Governor and if any person or persons holding such office, shall be wilfully ab- council may lent from the colony or plantation wherein the fame is or ought *mo*c

to be exerdfed, without a reasonable cause to be allowed by the duty °* governor and council for the time being of such colony or plan-(Kioto, or shall neglect the duty of such office, or otherwise misbehave therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for such governor and council to amove such person or persons from every or any such office: and in case any person or ersons so amoved shall think himrdf aggrieved thereby, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other cases of appeal from such colony or plantation, whereon such amotion shall be finally judged of and determined by his Majesty in council.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the governor andraaygrant and council of any colony or plantation to give such leave of ab- Leave °*ab* fence as they shall see occasion j and in such case, as likewise in 1ence*

the case of vacancy occasioned by death or amotion, to provide for the due discharge of the duties of such office or offices until the King's pleasure shall be known.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ope- Subsisting rate to the prejudice of any subsisting grant of such office or grants not to

offices, or to prevent any office being granted determinable at {* pleasure. by urn act,

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for enabling bit Majesty to ratfe the sum of one million, for the ules and purposes therein mentioned.

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for t,000,000l. Treasury may raise the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the to*d tax att f this session, concerning loans, &c. The clauses, See. in the toid aft relating to loans, or exchequer bills, (except such clauses as charge the tome on the taxes granted by the said sift, or limit the rate of interest) extended to the loans. Sic. to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal (tod ioterest, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if fuffiftent supplies be not granted before July 5,17S3, then to be paid out of the 6nking food; and the monies so issued to be replaced out of the first (applies. The bank impowered to advance, on the said credit of loan, hay sum not exceeding i,oooo,ocoU

124 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. [1782.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement be* tween the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possession, and of tie -

Sals of Edward King of England the Sixths of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, nndof the hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in Well Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital called Bethelem, onioning governorof the f hidfeveral

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers dilutes and differences have arisen

V. V tween the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of I

London, governors of the possessions, and of the

hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixths Christ, Bride-

well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, of the hospitals Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital called Bethelem, and ikehref dents, and acting of the said several hospitals, touching their respective

and privileges, in the orderinggovernment and -

Jition of the said hospitals, and the possessions, and revenues

thereof: and whereas several deputed by the said mayor and

commonalty and citizens of the city of London, have bad several meetings with persons deputed by the and

acting governors, for the purpose of settling and terminating the several matters in dispute between them; and in consequence of such meetings, and of toe reflations of a court of common council of the city of London, and also of general courts held for the said respective hospitals, the said mayor and commonalty and and the said

prefdents, treasurers, and acting, have respectively entered

into and executed an agreement in the or to the purport and effect following j (that is to say).

Articles of d!R TICLES of AG REE ME NT concluded* and agreed

agreement. upon, between the mayor, and commonalty and citizens of the city

of London, governors of the possessions, and goods, of the

hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, by virtue of an order or resolution of a court of common council, bolden the thirtieth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, of the one part; and the right honourable Thomas Harley alderman of London president, and John Darker

treasurer, of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital; Robert Aifop

esquire alderman of London president, and Thomas Burfoot e'/quiretreasurer, of Christ’s Hospital; Richard Clark esquire alderman of London treasurer of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals; Samuel Plumbe esquire alderman of London dent, and Edward Jefferies esquire treasurer, of Saint Thomas’s

Hof-

1782.] Anno vicesipio secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

Hospital; and the severalether afling governors of the said everal hospitals respect'tve, who, in behalf of -fehes and others afling as governors as aforesaid% have hereunto set their bands and feels, by virtue of certain order s made at several general courts of the said hospitals respectively 5 videlicet, of Saint

Bartholomew’s Hospital the twelfth day of June, of Christ’s Hospital the thirteenth day of June, of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals the fourteenth day of June, and of Saint Thomas’s Hospital the said twelfth day of Jupe, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, of the other

WHEREAS the ordering, management, and government of the said hospitals, and of each and every of them, and the several rights, revenues, and possessions thereof respectively, were vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, by several charters or letter* patent of the late Kings Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, bearing date respelavely the thirteenth day of January > in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and twenty-sixth day of, in the sixth year or the reign of King Edward the Sixth, with such powers, rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and subject to such restric- tkms, limitations, and trulls, as in the said charters or letters pateoc are expressed and contained: and whereas the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of, in pur-/nance and by virtue of such charters or letters patent, took upon themselves the management and government of the said several hospitals, and made several orders and regulations touching the feme: and whereas, at a general court holden at ChrijVs Hospital, Upon the twenty-iseventh day of, one thousand five hundred and fifty-(even, by the governors of all the find hospitals, it was ordered and agreed. That the said hospital of Saint Bartholomew should from thenceforth be united to the refi of the said hospitals, and be made one body with them; and that for the government of all the said hospitals, fir Martin Bowes knight (then an alderman of the city of London) should be comptroller general, and fi r Andre (then also an alderman) should be surveyor genera], and that three aldermen* a treasurer, and eight other citizens therein named and ddcribed, should be governors for each apd every of the said hospitals, and such hospitals respectively from thenceforth continued under the fame kind of management, with a small increase of governors, down to the year one thousand five hundred and six ty-four, when, upon the twenty-first day of September in that year (being Saint Matthew's day), a president, treasurer, and other governors, were chosen at Hospital for each

of the said hospitals: and these elections upon Saint Matthew's day were continued annually, down to the year one thousand five hundred and eighty-seven; and from (hat period courts were at several times held at Chriffs, down to the year

one thousand six hundred and fifty*two inclusive, for electing or

con-

126

Anno vicesimo secundo'GEoiGU 111. C 77; [ 17!2»

confirming governors of the (kid hospitals respectively, bit not yearly, or in the fame regular maimer as thentofore: and courts Were aHo held during that period, at and for the said hospitak, for nominating or electing governors of thofa hospitals reflectively, and for the management thereof; and from and after that time, it does not appear that stich annual elections on Matthew's day were kept up or observed at Hf/pitaL, for

nominating or electing governors of the said hospitals respectively, save only for confirmation of the governors elc&ed at the said hospitals; but it appears that the governors of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, C, and Betbeltm

respectively, have been chosen at general courts or committees holden at the said hospitals, from and after the said year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and fifty-two, down to the present time: and whereas it also appears by ancient records or entries, and otherwise, that lifts of the governors chosen far fat laid hospitals of Saint Bartholomew* Bridewell, and Betbdem, and Saint Thomas, have been annually fern from those ho (pi tab to Chrifis Hofpkal previous to the meeting of the said governors

on Saint Matthew's day for confirmation, and that such lifts have conftaotly been delivered to the clerk of Chrifis and by him, together with a list of governors of Chrifis Hefrud, presented to the lord mayor of the city of London foe the fane being, and by his lordship immediately delivered over, «r fa-reded to be delivered over, yearly and every year, at that time and place, to the town derk of the fame city attending his lord, ship on those meetings, in the presence of the aUenoea, or great part of them, without making any objedbion to, or a* tempting to alter in any respect the annual lifihs of governors fa delivered, or that mode of confirmation; which prwdHce or usage hath been continued UstoaH the said hospitals to the present time, save and except that the presidents, tveaforem, governors, and officers of the said several hospitals were for fane years appointed by certain comrarflioners authorised by his face majesty King Charles the Second, for the regulation of the fed hospitals: and whereas great benefit has been derived to the charitable institutions of the said hospitals from such aaodeef managing and conducing the fame, and from she voluntary contributions, grants, bequofts, and donations of the several persons io elected governors as aforesaid, and others and whereas disputes have arisen between the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and the persons acting as governors of the said hospitals, touching their respective rights, powers, and privileges, in the ordering, mansgemem, government, and diipofi-tion of the said hospitals, and the estates, possessions, and revenues thereof: and it is conceived to be for the mutual benefit of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and of the said hospitals, that all such disputes should cease, and be finally and amicably settled, adjusted, and terminated, sod that the adtaal ordering, management, and government of the said hofpttads ft-spectively shall for ever hereafter be continued in she mayor and

aldermen

i?*.] AmtQTictfirDOfecundo Gioaon III. c. 77* 127

ayerana of the said cisys together with the other persons now aiding as governors* or hereafter to be elected as such, in the ufbalmodeof dc<ftion of governors at the&id respectivt hof-ptab, and fadiof the commoners of the said city as shall be elededand chofita in the manner hereafter to be hereby directed* with fudft powers* rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and under and subject to such ceftri&ions and trusts, at are in the said charters or letters patent, and herein after in thefo articles, expressed and contained: now therefore theft presents witness* that, in order to effectuate the salutary purposes herein*before mentioned, it is hereby mutually and fully agreed, and declared by and between the said parties to these presentsv in manner following; (that is to say),

, Fif^Thzt tht;gonernors of the hud Several hofyitato of First article.

Bartholomew, Bethelem, Christs Bridewell and Saint Thomas the

jtpoflk*add every of them named in the respective lifts, delivered in upon the twenty-first day of September, one thousand tem. hundred and eighty-one, being 8amt Matthew's day; at Gkeisst Marital admkid,to the town clerk of the city of -

dnr,.by thecnrderoof the ford mayor; and also those governors who have been efe&ed fine* the delivery of such lifts, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the said city 0 md'db the mmbess.of the said court of common council, to be nominated'mfc appointed as hertirt'-after is mentioned, for the tinnbeion shall be established and confirmed -governors of {nob.of the atordfoidhofpUals respectively, of which they had beeanlcdod goverubce previous to the delivery of such lifts as idbresaid, or have been finer the deli very of such lifts, or m future shall be etodted; governors, in such and (he same manner, hud wetfe ftoh and the feme rights, privileges, powers, and1 authorities, as any governors of the fame fevetal bofphals, or any ci them, at any time or times fine© the first efttfbliflttnent or appointment of the annual meetings at on Saint

Matthew*tdays for the nemibarien, tfc&ion, or confirmation of governors, of the said hospitals respectively, have, or could, or might, or ought to have had, in the governing, ordering, management; and disposition of the bufinest, affairs, or concerns of the saidhospitals respe&vely, and of the real estates and pcf-dbffioorof every denomination, and of the' rents and revenues Wfeettof y and also of ail and singular the goods, chattels, and «parforad estate and etifedts whatsoever, of or belonging to the dame hofpjtals tefpedlively 5 and stich governors who have been 4b already elected, and such governors as shall be hereafter elelt-.mdat general courts or committees to be held for the said hof-<|rital» respectively, in ftrch manner as such governors now are or ought to be elected or chosen by the rules and orders now used wnd established, or hereafter to be used and established, in the 4aid hospitals respectively, together with the lord mayor and midermen of the city of London aforesaid, and the members of the find court of common councillor the time being, be noT waioated and appointed as heroin-Ofter mentioned, shall have

d

j*8 Anno vicfelimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

good right, full power, and absolute authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to nominate, eled, and appoint, the preiidents, treasurers, and all other officers and ministers of and for the said hospitals respectively, and to do every other ad, matter, and thing, acts, matters, and things, necessary or expedient to be done for the good government and conduct of the fame several hospitals, and in the management and disposition of the estates real and personal of the fame respectively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the govern nors of the fame hospitals respectively have at any time or time* heretofore acted in or about the government, management, and disposition of the fame, or in anywise relating thereto, without the lawful suit, hindrance, denial, interruption, molefbtion, or disturbance, of or by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whomsoever or whatsoever.

Second article. Secondly, That at all times hereafter, when and so often as it shall or may be necessary or expedient for the mayor* aiders' men, and other governors of the said hospitals respectively, ad* ing and to act as aforesaid, to prosecute, carry on or defend any suit or suits, distress or distresses, ejedment or ejedments, or other acts or proceedings either at law or in equity, touching or concerning all or any of the possessions, rights, titles, or revenues of the fame hospitals, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor, aldermen, and other governors of the said hospitals respectively, acting or to act as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, on all such occasions, and for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to use and aflame the names, (tile, and title of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, as governors of the house of the poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital near West Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King the Eighth;

and as mailers, guardians, and governors of the house and haf* pital called Bethelem, situate without and near to Bifbcpfgate, of the said city of London; and as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, of Christ, B, and Saint Thomas the Apeftlr, or of such of the said hospitals respectively, touching or concerning which, or the rights, title, possessions, or revenues whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, or other acts or proceedings as aforesaid, shall or may be commenced, made, or prosecuted; and that in all cases whatsoever wherein the name, (lile, or title, of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city should be (o used or assumed for any of the uses or purposes aforesaid, the cods, charges, damages, and expences, which shall be incurred and sustained by reason or means of such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be borne, paid, and dif» bursed, by the treasurer for the time being of the said hospitals respectively, concerning which, or the estates, revenues, or po£-sessions whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be brought, prosecuted, or made, out of the general funds of the fame hospitals respectively, or out of the rents and revenues

thereof;

J7$2.} Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77.

thereof} and that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, and their respective goods, chattels, and estates, and also the lands, tenements, estates, and possessions, belonging to them in their separate capacity, other than the estates and possessions vested in them for the use and benefit of the said several hospitals, shall be indemnified, protected, and saved harmless, from and against all such costs, damages, and expences, to be incurred as aforesaid: and further, that in case the treasurers of the said hospitals respectively, for or concerning which, or the estates or revenues whereof, such suit or suits shall at any time hereafter be brought and prosecuted, or such' distress or distreiles shall be made, shall refuse or neglect to make such payments as aforesaidj and the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and his or their respective estates, or the estates or revenues which they enjoy in their corporate capacity, other than the estates and revenues vested in them for the benefit of the said hospitals respectively, shall become charged with the payment of such costs, charges, damages, and expences, as aforesaid j that then and in such case, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city to enter into and upon any of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and revenues, belonging to any of the said hospitals, in respect of which any such actions or luits shall be brought, and whereof the legal interest is become vested in them under or by virtue of the several charters granted to them by King Htnry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, or either of them, and to hold and enjoy the fame, and receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until the futn for which they or their estates shall become so charged shall be fully paid and satisfied, and no longer.

Thirdly, That the seal of or belonging to the aforesaid hospitals shall be restored to the chamber of the said city of London, and be kept as heretofore by the chamberlain of the fame city for the time being, in a purle or box sealed with the seals of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, and any of the* aldermen of the fame city who shall be present at any time or times that the fame seal shall be used; and that all leases which shall at any time or times hereafter be made or granted of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of or belonging to the aforesaid several hospitals, or any of them, and all and every other deeds, presentations, and other instruments whatsoever relating to or concerning the same hospitals, or the estates, revenues, and possessions thereof respectively, (after the same shall have been examined, approved, and signed, by the presidents or treasurers, and such a competent number of the aldermen and other governors of such of the said respective.hospitals, to which such leases, deeds, or instruments, shall relate or concern, as have been used and accustomed to examine, approve, and sign the fame, shall be left at the chamberlain’s office aforesaid, for the aforesaid seal of the said hospitals to be affixed thereto, with such doequet or writing explaining the purport of such Vox. XXXIV. K leases,

129

Third article.

130 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 77. f 1 yf2.

leases, deeds, or instruments, so to be left *t the said office, in such manner and form as heretofore was and has been ofed and accustomed in that behalf, and the fame leases and writings so to be left as aforesaid), shall thereupon be sealed with the fi M seal of the aforesaid hospitals in the next coort of aldermen or of common council, whichever shall first happen, without any reading, addition, examination, or alteration of the same.

Fourth article. Fourthly, That the said court of common council shall or may, at their first court to be held after the twenty-first day of Z&-cember now next ensuing, or at any subsequent court, nominate and appoint forty-eight persons (being members of the court of common council of the said city), out of which number the names of twelve shall be sent to Saint Bartholomew's twelve to the united hospitals of Bridewell and, twelve

to ChrijVs Hospital and twelve to Saint Thomas, to he

governors thereof respectively; and that such names shall be entered in the books of the said hospitals, and in the lifts of the governors thereof respectively, in the order in which they shall be so sent j and they and every of them shall from thenceforth be governors of the said respective hospitals, and shall act as such in all matters relative to the said hospitals respectively, for so long time, and for so many years, successively, as they ref|ie> lively shall continue to be members of the said court of cOlto* mon council, or shall be re- eletfed as such members of the find court; and they, and each and every of them, shall have aOd enjoy the like privileges, benefits, and advantages, which die other governors of the said hospitals (not being aldermen) hafts had and enjoyed, or now enjoy* and that when and asxiften as anyone or more of the said twelve members of the said court of common council, whose names shall be sent to any or either of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shall die, or cease to be-a member or members of the said court of common council, or shall not be re-elected into such office, the said court of common council shall and may nominate and appoint another person, or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of him or them so dying, or ceasing to be of the common council, or who shall not be re~elected; and (o and in like manner, when and as often as any new governor, to be nominated and sent to any of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shal die, or cease to be a member of the said court of common coon-cil, and shall not be re-elected into such office, the said court of common council shall or may nominate and appoint another person or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of the governor or governors hft mentioned, and shall and may in like manner fill up all future vacancies which shall happen, so as that twelve members of the said court of common council, and no more, so nominated m lent to the said several hospitals as aforesaid, may for the tfate being, and for ever hereafter, be governors in each of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, and Saint Thomas Jpojlle'i and also that twelve members of the said common

coun-

17H2.I Anno vi&firtK) fecund® Georgii III. c. 77.

Council may bfc goVernOrtr of the said united hospitals of Brick- ttortf and Bethelmrj afed all and every the person and persons from time to time to be chosen by the said court of common council, upon any such vacancy as aforesaid, (after his or their name or names shall be lent to the said hospital or hospitals where such vacancy or vacancies respectively shall happen), flail or may act as governors of the fame hospitals respectively, aM be entitled to the like privileges and advantages as the go* dernors first to be chosen and fern by the said common council as aforesaid.

Provided, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Proviso, lights of such members of the court of common council as now at governors of any of the said hospitals, or shall hereafter be-dOOftt so, by election dr nomination of the governors of such hof-pinl, kl the manner heretofore used and accustomed, over and Besides the twelve Members of the said court who shall be go* rernors by virtue of this agreement.

And, lafify, for removing all doubts touching the observance Jttd performance of this agreement, and of The matters andf things herein contained, by all the parties hereto, and their ffoceiflbrs, it is hereby further agreed by and between all the parties aforesaid, That this present agreement, and all and every slid matters and things herein contained, shall be humbly fab* Meted to the consideration and confirmation of the iegirfature, h as that the fame may, under the present application to par* foment for a bill for establishing and confirming the present governors of the respective hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bethelem,

Chrirc, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, of royal -fatten, in the exercise and enjoyment of all such, and

privileges, relating to the said hospitalsand the estates and revenues thereof \ as are therein expressed, and for the other purposes therein mentioned\ or otherwise, be established and confirmed by the authority of an act of parliament, with such saving clause as is ufoal in cases of the like nature, if the legislature shall so think fit.

In witness whereof, to one part of these articles, the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, as such governors as aforesaid, have earned their con mon seal, used for tbt estates and concerns of the said hospitals, to be affixed: and to the other part thereof the said Thomas, John Rdfart Alfopy Thomas Burfoot, Richard, Samuel

afitf Edward Jefferies, esquires, and the several other persons nd# acting as such governors, as aforesaid, whose hands and ft* *re hereunto fct on behalf of themselves and others acting asfodh governors, have severally and respectively their hands soft foals the fifteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord orie tbtitifand seven hundred and eighty-two.

AbB whereas it ts'conceived, that it will he greatly for the benefit of the aforesaid several royal hospitals, and tend to refiore and efleblish the permanent peace and good government of the fame if the field

» K % -

133 Anno vicesimo fecun<Jo Georgii III. c. 77.

[178a.

agreement could be confirmed and rendered valid and effectual i but inasmuch as the fame cannot be done without the aid and authority of an act of parliament, your Mafifif s most dutiful and loyal toe

mayor and commonalty and citizens of London, governors of the pofjef-suns, revenues, and goods, of the aforesaid, and the presidentsy

treasurers, and acting governors of (befiveral royal hospitals reflec-

tively > do mofi humbly befeecbyour Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-The said ar- thority of the same, That the said articles of agreement, dated ticks of agree-the fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ment are eighty-two, and herein-before set forth, and all and every the

firmed and* covenants, clauses, provisoes, stipulations, and agreements

established. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified, confirmed, and established, according to the tenor, purport, and true intent and meaning of the same.

The articles

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to extend *° for rendering the said articles of agreement more effectual for the mew's and* ^cvcra* purposes therein mentioned, the said mayor and com-Bethelera hoi- monalty and citizens of the said city of, and all other

pitals. the parties thereto, shall observe and perform the several mat-

ters and things therein contained, not only as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christy, and Saint Tho-

[Publick act.]

mas the rfpoftle, but also as governors of the house of the poor in I WestSmithfield near London, of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and as masters, keepers, and governors, of the aforesaid house and hospital called Betbelemy as fully and effectually, to 1 all intents and purposes, as if the said mayor and commonalty and citizens had been described in the said articles of agreement by the respective corporate names herein-before mentioned. HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a publick act in all courts within the kingdom of Great Britain5 and all judges and j u(Vices of the peace are hereby Required to take notice (hereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

General fav- IV. Saving always to the King’s most excellent majesty,his heirs u>g« and successors, and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens

of the said city of London, and to all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, all such estate, right, title, interest, property, claim or demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, before the passing of this act, except only as to such rights, interests, and claims, of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, and of the persons now and heretofore acting as governors of the said hospitals respectively, as are given up, altered, modified, and taken away, by virtue of this act, or of the agreement above recited, and by this act confirmed.

CAP.J

1;8a.] Anno vicesimo fecundb Georgii III. c. 78.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to permit drugs, the product of Hungary ^Germany, to

be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the single duty j to allow the importation {/* Hungary or German wines, and organzined thrown ftlk,from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and oftimber, and other goodly from any part Europe,

in/hips the property of subjects under the fame sovereign as the country of whith the goods are the, or manufac-

ture.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliamenmade in the eighth

and ninth years of the reign of King William the, Recital t So intituled An act for the lessening the duty upon tin and pewter 9Gul.3«c. 34* exported, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon drugs, after reciting. That whereas by an, made in the twelfth year of the late King Charles the Second, A subsidy grant-

ed to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was provided. That all drugs imported directly from the place of their growth /a English built flipping, be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more, it was, amongst other things, enabled, That the subsidy to be received for all drugs, imported

directly from the place of their growth in English built flipping,/ball be according to the full value on the respective species enumerated in the book of rates, and not according to the said abatement; and for all drugs otherwise imported, treble such full value: and whereas drugs of the growth, product, or manufacture of Hungary and Germany, have heretofore been usually imported from Rotterdam, upon payment of the ftngle duty 5 and it is expedient to permit such drugs to be imported in like manner from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Port in Germany: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftem-tiled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Prom July a 5, the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and d?ues^the two, all drugs of the growth, production, or manufacture product of

Hungary or Germany, which shall be laden and shipped at any Hungary or port or place in the Aufrian Netherlands, or at, any port in Ger- Germany, many, and imported from thence in British built shipping into m*y he im-this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly the Austrian from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, Netherlands, and shall xbe liable to and pay duties accordingly $ any thing in &c. on pay. the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to "*ent °J the the contrary not with (landing. n*,c duty#

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Duties to be &d. That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, one paid on the thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be importation

&3 law.ofwme,or

*34 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

[1783.

organzin^d lawful for any person or persons to import any wines, or any from WGerma- or Sanz'net^ thrown (ilk, being the growth, product, or manu-

ny^c ^bdng k&ure, of Hungary,the Auj dominions, or any part of G/r-

the product of many, into Great Britain, from the Austrian Netherlands, or from the imperial any port or place subject to the emperor of Germany, or house

dominions. of Austria, upon payment of the fame duties for such wine as

are due anihpayable for Rhenish wine, and the fame duties for

such organzined thrown silk as are due and payable for the like

(ilk imported into this kingdom from any law, custatn,

or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recital of the

III. And whereas by an act made in the twelfth

navigation alt, jmr of the reign of King Charles the An act for

iaCar.a.c.i8. tjle encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation,

amengft other thing:, enacted, That no goods or commodities of

growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or to

countries, dominions, or territto the great duke or emperor of

Muscovy or Russia belonging; as also that no forts of mafrs,

or boards, no foreign salt, pitch, rosin, or rcufins,

figs, prunes, olive oils; no forts of corn or grain, sugar, pot-asses,

wines, vinegar, or spirits called Aqua Vitse, or Brandy Wine, /hall

be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick

upon Tweed, in any flip or vessel or ticffels whatsoever, but

such as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or

some of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof

the master and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are EngKfh

except only such foreign /hips and as are of the built of that

country or place of which the goods are the growth, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods can only

be, or mojt vfually are, first flipped for and whereof the

master and three fourths of the mariners at teafl are of the said conn*

try or place, under the penalty and forfeiture offlip and goods: and

whereas by another act,made in the sixth year of the reign of his lata

6 Geo. i.c. 15. majesty King George the First,intituled An act to repeal so much of the ad, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating

abuses in his Majesty's customs, passed in the thirteenth and four*

teenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the pro*

hibiting the importation of deal boards and fir timber from

Germany, it is, amongst other things, enabled. That and may

be lawful to and for any of his subjects to import any

tity or quantities of fir timber,planks, mafis, and deal boards,

ing of the growth ^Germany, into this kingdom, from any port or

plate in Germany, in British built flips only, so as the owner or owners are. his Majesty's British subjects, and whereof the and

'* three fourths of the mariiTtrs at least are British subjects, paying the

like rates and duties to his Majesty for the same as are payable far fir

timber, ‘fir planks, mafis, and deal boards, imported from Norway:

how, in order to encourage and promote the importation of

timber, and several of the other articles enumerated in the said

acts, into this kingdom $ be it further enacted by the authority

From July aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July,

i7$i, ti<pVr9 one thousand seven hundred’ and eighty-two. it shall and may

Scc. may be 1 jjg

1782,} Anno vicesimo secundo<3KOKGii IIL c. 79* 135

be lawful for any person or persons to import into Great &ri- imported in tain any sort of timber* or any of the said articles enumerated in J®.rci8n b"lIt the before recited acts, from any foreign port or place in, certainre^ in any ship or vessel being the property of subjects under the fame ttriftioni j sovereign as the country of which such goods are the growth, product, or manufacture, although the country or place where such ship or vessel was built, or to which she doth or may belong, was not under the dominion of such sovereign at the time of passing the herein-before recited act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second; any thing in the said recited acts, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That all such goods and merchandizes but shall be (o imported into Great Britain, in such foreign built ships, or fttbjefttoalU the property of foreigners, shall be liable to aliens and all other en* u XCU duties to which they would have been liable if this act had not been made.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the encouragement and disciplining of such corps or

ponies of men as shall voluntarily enrol for defence of

their towns or coajls, or for the general defence of the

dtering the present war.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the utmost exertions are now requisite for in*

creasing the military force in this, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any corps or companies of volunteers. All volunteer who now are 6r shall hereafter be formed, in any towns or else- P"?

where in Great Britain, during the continuance of the present iafioiMH- re-war, under officers having commission from his Majesty, or bellion, shall from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be specially march out of authorized by his Majesty for that purpose, and who shall at |Jj^r any time, in case of actual invasion or rebellion, march out of Muntire^niall their respective towns or counties for the purpose of acting against be intitled to any rebels or invaders of this kingdom, shall, in that case, be receive pay as intitled to receive pay in such manner and at such rates as the regul* officers and soldiers of his Majesty's regular forces do now receive; and shall, during the time of their so receiving pay as above, be subject to military discipline as the rest of his Majesty's regular and militia troops.

IL. Provided always, That no officer or soldier of any volun- V®1"* teer corps shall be liable to be tried or punished by any court of volunteers, martial at any time, unless such court martial be composed en- to be compos-tirely of officers serving in the volunteer corps, if a sufficient ed of volun-number can be obtained to constitute such court martial. wer officers.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Cmromlffioned all commissioned officers of the said corps, who shall be disabled abkd^intitled by the enemy in actual (mice, shall be intitled to half pay, and tQ

£4 all 5cc.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80. [1782.

all non-commissioned officers and soldiers so dlfabled to the benefit of Chelsea Hospital and the widows of commissioned officers killed in the service to a pension for life.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, trustees, for the better feeuring his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores,it Portsmouth and Chatham.

For the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships of war and stores, it U necessary to enlarge and strengthen the fortifications at or near Portsmouth and Chatham, and in order thereunto to purchase certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, near Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton, containing about five hundred and twenty-seven acres, on* rood and thirty-three perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, fitnate in or near Frindffiury, in the county of Kent, containing about three hundred and sixty six acres,.two roods and thirty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Gillingham, in the said county, containing about one hundred and ninety three acres, one rood and twenty perches. And certain other pieces or land, and tenements thereunto belonging, situate in the parish of Chatham, in the said county, containing about four acres, one rood and twenty four perches} being part of tbs lands comprized in the act of so Geo. 3. c. 49. vested in the right honourable Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Jervoise Clerk Jervoise, Robert Thiftlethwaite, tbs honourable Charles Masham, and Filmer Honywood, esquires, their heirs, &c. in trust for the respective owners till the purchase money, with interest at 5l. percent, from the time of taking possession, be paid. Reafooable ebrapensation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty impowered, by letters patent under the great Teal, to appoint commissioners to determine claims to the said lands, &c. and any five or more may proceed, upon the oath of witnesses, inspection of deeds, &c. and if the parties require it, by the inquest of twelve men, to enquire into the rights, eftarea, and interests of any persons, &c. relating to the premires, and to have power to fend for persons, deeds, Sec. Judgements and decrees of commissioners to be entered in books, Sec. Copies thereof to be laid before both houses of parliament. Commissioners to issue their warrants to sheriffs to furamon juries} who are to inquire into the value of lands, Sec. Penalty on sheriffs or their officers making default! not more than sol. nor lets than 10l. and also on jurors, not more than sol. for each offence. To be estreated into the court of exchequer. In caie a sufficient jury shall not appear upon return of the warrant, commissioners may adjourn the inquest, and issue their warrant for summoninz other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be takem may adjourn, &c. Commissioners to give 14 days notice previous to their respective meetings. If owners make default in appearing, be. the commissioners to determine upon the best information they can get, which is to be final. On payment of the films a fie fled by the jury, arc. trustees to be deemed seised of the premises, for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells, Sec. to be free. No private building to be erected upon any lands veiled by this act. Damages assessed to be paid out of toe next aids granted by parliament. Buildings erected contrary to this act to be pulled down, hands to be purchased in pursuance of this act shall be lit* ble to the usual tithes and taxes. To be paid by the storekeeper of the ordnance. Commissioners not liable to the penalties in the acts of *5 Car. 2. c. s. 1 W. ScM. c. 8. 13 Se 14 W. 3. c. 6. nor 1 Geo. v.c. 13, Commissioners not disqualified from being members of parliament.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8l.

>37

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the better regulation of the office of general of his Majesifs

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the commissioners appointed to examinetake, andfate the public k accounts of the kingdom, that the paymasters of the forces have -fore been accustomed to accumulate large sums of money in their hands, beyond what was necessary for carrying on the in their

department, and to take and carryout of office with them, upon their resignation or removal, large balances, which t hey

have retained and kept in their hands many years after being out of ffiee: and whereas it is highly expedient that a be provided for theft inconveniences; be it therefore eftaded by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* font of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, in all memorials to be by him presented to the treasury for money for army services, shall pray that such sum as he requires may be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England on his account, specifying, in every such memorial, the sum he requires, and for what particular service or services* and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay-master general of his Majesty's forces, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer in favour of the said paymaster general, for which the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a (efficient discharge; and all sums for which such letters of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the governor and company.of the bank of England, ut like manner as they have been heretofore issued to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces j and all such monies so to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of and to be

intituled. The Account of the Paymaster General of his Forcesj inserting the name of such paymaster general for the time being.

II. And be it enacted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid at the exchequer or treasury for or by reason of the transactions aforesaid, beyond the amount of what hath usually been paid lipon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the

former

[Preamble.]

From Jan. t, 17831 all money issued at the exchequer, for army services, shall be paid into the bank, and placed to the account of the paymaster general.

Mo fees more than usual shall be paid at the exchequer, &c«

From Jan. i, 1783, no money shall be lifted from the exchequer to the pay-matter gene* lal.

paymaster to draw on the bank for army Cervices.

The monies

iifted to the bank not to be paid thereout, unless for army Cervices.

Clause to prevent an unne-cefiarysaccts-

publick money in the bank*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 81 [1782.

former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, pay office, and bank severally*

III. And be it further enacted~ the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no money for the service of the army shall be issued from his Majesty's exchequer to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or shall be placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or possession, but the same shall be iffoed and directed to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England^ and to be placed to the account above-metitioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, by himself or his deputy, or the person or persons in his office duly a&thorised by the said paymaster general, from and after the said first day ot Januar, one thousand seven him* dred and eighty-three, shall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of England for all army services whatever, and shall specify in each and every draft the particular service for which the fame is drawn; and no draft of the said paymaster, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorized as aforesaid, shall be deemed a (efficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of England, unless the fame Specifies the service for which kis drawn, and has been a&o«Uy paid by (he said governor and company of the bank of England.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies so to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of has Majesty's forces, shall not be paid out of the bank unless for the army services, and in pursuance of drafts or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the bank of

and signed by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorized as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be specified the heads of service to which the fumr therein mentioned are to be applied $ and which drafts so drawn shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VI. And that the emmifponers of his may bane

a frequent knowledge of the balance of cash in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the general of his Majesty's forces, m order to enable them to j*dg* of the propriety and necessity of further issues, and to prevent the onme-cessary accumulation of publick money in the hands of the governor and company of the bank ^England, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in the mft memorial presented every month to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, for a suppty of money for thfr army ferrkes,

1782.] Anno vicesimo focundo Georgii III. 0,&*;

fuels paymaster shall iafert, in the body of (beh memorial, the sum total of the balance of publick naoqey oft his account in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England, together with an account of ah the out (landing drafts drawn up? on, but not paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the present, upon the and of every other paymaster of his Many's forces hereafter to death or re. be appointed, the balance of caih for which he shall at that time mova*of have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with the go- the baSSnce el vernor and company of the bank of England, shall, as (non as cast, he shall a successbr shall be appointed to the said office, aduaJJy vest in have credit such successor, in truil for the service of the army, and be forth- for in his ac-with transferred, carried over, and placed to the account of such successor paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, and (hill and the account ° may be applied, by such succeeding paymaster, to pay and dif- of his succesc charge all charges and demands upon his predecefior, on account of the army services, which shall at that time remain and be unsatisfied, and shall and may be paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England, in pursuance of the like drafts or cheque paper of such succeeding pay mailer, in manner above-mentioned, and not otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforedud*

Thar, from and after the said first day of January, one thousand rajn msl w seven hundred and eighty-three* the paymaster general of hit keep an ac, Majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the account with "J*h the bank of all monies idiicd to or directed to be paid to him the baak* for the service of the army: and the said paymaster general, ob-> serving the roles and regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable. for any money which he shall not actually receive j and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the monies which shall be actually received by them for the service of the army.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said first Any person

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who (nail

knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure for2e t4le

to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or

a (fid in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand of the pay- obtain money

master general of his Majesty's forces, for the time being, or of from tht

his deputy, to any draft, cheque paper, instrument, or writing (|"H

whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody of the governor and corn-

paoy of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster go*

neral of his Majesty's forces5 or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and

wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, aqy draft,

cheque paper, instrument, or writing in form of a draft, made by such paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or his depu*

# ty*

fip Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8 c.

[1782.

ty; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the Tame to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any person whatsoever s every such person and persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Books of sc* X. And be it enacted, That all books of accounts whatsoever,

, count in the kept in the office of paymaster general, shall be held to belong to the said office, and shall not be at the disposal of the pay-beidu>belong master general to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper books of account: provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors or administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any person or persons authorized by him or them, from taking copies or extracts thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, sod administrators.

XI. And whereas it appears from the reports of the

for examining, taking, and fating the publick accounts of the kingdom, that the salaries, fees, and, received by fevered of the officers and clerks employed in the office of paymaster general of its Majesty's forces, have, of late years, amounted to Jams beyond a

finable and adequate compensation for their respective services; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all fees, hitherto payable at the office of the said paymaster general, shall be deposited in the hands of the cashier of the said office, or others authorized by the paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable augmentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers and clerks shall be made, if it shall be found expedient; as also such further compensation as the increase of business in the office, from time to time, shall require; and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice-treafuer of Chelsea Hof, towards a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty's land service; or as an augmentation to the pensions of widows; or as peofions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

Augments-

XII. And be it enacted, That the said augmentation to the ti >n of (ala- salaries and appointments of officers and clerks in the pay office lies not to be fha]] (but not more frequently than once in each year) be regu-onaTa year. ktcc* by the said paymaster general, by and with the concur-3 rence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his Majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwise.

XIII. And whereas a cannual sum of money is or may It saved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and iude-pendent companies, a large part of which fiving is or may ho rendered dotS^Vofi! permanent ',be it hereby enacted, That all sums fcved from the

8 o said

lo the tame.

AB fees payable at the paymaster* office to be

carried to a fund.

Application ot that fund.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8 14*

laid allowance, or brought in account in consequence of any STfjL savings to be made in the administration of the said hospital,;^ aroliedU shall be applied to the fund abovementioned 5 provided that no addition to half-pay in consequence of maims or wounds, or pensions to widows whose husbands have or shall have been killed in his Majesty's service, shall exceed twenty-five pounds a year; nor shall the allowance to a single child of an officer killed exceed twenty pounds a year, nor be continued longer (if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be provided for in his Majesty's service; or if more children are left, the share of each child shall not exceed twelve pounds a year, to be continued to the males as aforesaid, and no otherwise.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed 10

to deprive the paymaster general of the usual allowance for JJafter of the" clerks and contingencies, or such as his Majesty shall hereafter ufua| allow-be pleased, from time to time, to direct and appoint, and toancefor administer and apply the fame according to the usual course of clerks, &c. office.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That copies of the amount of Copies of such

the said allowance be deposited in the bank of, the pay allowance to

office, and the treasury, together with a list of all the officers, dSank &S clerks, and servants, to the office of the said paymaster generalinc ’

belonging.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of, one thousand Officers tak-

seven hundred and eighty-three, no fee, perquisite, emolument, *8*5®*°. or reward whatsoever (other than and except the salaries and their allowances herein-before mentioned) shall be taken, in the said office, for any business, matter, or thing to be done therein; and that if any person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the said office, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, presume to take or accept any fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward,

iother than and except as aforesaid) every such person shall for-eit his office or employment.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Not to take extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, diminish, or away th® alter the power of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces

to appoint, remove, or change at his pleasure, all or any of the removing of-officers and clerks employed in his said office, or with the con- ficers employ, sent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, signified in writing, to increase the number fice* of such clerks, in case the circumstances of the business of the

laid office should render such an increase necessary; which said additional officers and clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become intitled to the like salaries as are herein-before directed to be paid to the officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulations, provisions, pains, and penalties, to which

*4*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 81.

[17I*;

she officers end clerks now existing in the said office are taade liable by this adh,

XVIII '.-And, for the better prevention of the ijfithtg from the «r-

hhtqtter of my more monies than the services of the artny do aStuaBy

require*) bd it efta&ed, That, from and after the first day of .^r-nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- three, the secretary at war shall, on Or before the fifteenth day of every month, return into the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces an account of the effective commissioned and non*

nthly, commissiomed officers and private men of his Majesty's regular. ?l of forces and tottitia ferring in Gr Britain, according to the lad

After Jap. r,

178J, the secretary at war to return into the paymaster's office, monthly, an account

officefs^n'd ^urnt from the adjutant general into the office of The said fe* men, regu- cretary at war, distinguishing each corps severally; and the (hid tars and mili- secretafy at war shall, and he Is hereby directed and required, tia, femng in to form, or cause to he formed monthly, an estimate of the Great Britain. mon*ieB which may be treceflary far the recruiting of the said regiments, troops, and companies feveraJIy, and to transanit the fame, together with the said account of efiedive officers and privates, to the offices of the secretary at war, and of the pay* matter general of the land forces.

XIX. And whereas it has been the usual practice, for

UJi pap, for his Mqjeflfs warrants to be sent to the paymafer general ofihis forces, directing him to make out debentures complete for the

full pay of the several regiments, troops, and according to

their respective establishments, inf tad of the former method of fending warrants to him to make out debentures for the pay of the several From January regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers borne ok

features to be *r refyeflivemufter-rolls, which latter method appears to be better

made^ut for fuitedto emft account, and to the prevention of increass of balances

pay of the any where; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from

forces accord- and after the first day of Januone thousand seven hundred ing to and eighty-three, debentures shall be made out for the pay of

num cr orne several regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers borne on their mutter-rolls, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it enacted, That the army or regimental agents shall, and they are hereby required to bring to the office of the said paymaster general, within ten days after every mutter, an account of the mutter of their regiments severally, and of the money actually paid for subsistence* and for recruiting, d.ttin-gaishing each service, together with an account of the balances remaining in their hands severally at the time of each mutter.

XX!. And be it enacted, That for every faitare in any of the before-mentioned particulars, the said army agent or agent# shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any per* ion or ptrfotvs who toll sue for the same.

on the mlifter-rolls.

Agents to bring to the pavmaster’s office an account of the mutters, Jtc.

on forfeiture of tool.

Cap.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82* 143

CAP. LXXXII.

An off for enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt controlled upon-

his civil list revenues 5 and for preventing the fane from being in orrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the

dial lift.

WHEREAS his MaUfty, from his paternal regard to the PreamU* welfare of his faithful people, from his dcjire to discharge the debt on his civil list, without any new burthen to the, for preventing the growth of a like debt for the future, as well as for introducing a better order and aeconomy in the civil list, end for the better security of the liberty and independency of parliament, has been pleased to order, that the office commonly called or knows by the name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment commonly known bj the name and description of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of lords of police in Scotland; the principal officers of the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the treasurer of the chamber; the cofferer of the houshold; the offices of the fix clerks of the board of green doth; the office of paymaster of the perftons; the office of the barriers and fox bounds; cndalfo the of the

flag bounds, should be suppreffod: wherefore, for carrying his Majesty's said gracious order into execution, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From the pass-from and after the passing of this act, the office commonly called or known by the name of Third Secretary of State, or Secre- office* herein tary of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment com- specified, rhaii

tnonly called The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of be suppressed. the lords and gentlemen of police in Scotland; the principal officers of the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the treasurer of the chamber; the cofferer of the household; the offices of the fix clerics of the boafd of green cloth; the office of pay-roafter of the pensions; the offices of the master of the harriers, the master of the fox hounds, and the master of the stag hounds; and all and erery of the offices aforesaid, together with certain of the offices dependent on or connected with the fame, of which a list shall be entered in the exchequer, by certificate from the lords commissioners of the treasury, on or before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

two, (which lift the said lords Commissioners are hereby directed to caofe to be entered as aforesaid), shall be, and are hereby utterly suppressed, abolished, and taken away.

:ed by GOO^C

144 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8a.

[1782.

Any similar II, And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au* u*ik thority aforesaid, That if any office of the fame name, nature, edfliaU be description, or purpose of those hereby abolished, shall be efta-deemed a new blished hereafter, the fame is and shall be deemed and takea office* as a new office, to all constructions, intents, and purposes

whatsoever.

III. And) for the necessary payment of hitherto paid in any of the office* by this act Juppressed% and the execution of the duty dona or performed by the fame; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Commission- That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall be, and ers of the they are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay, or treaf"jy to cause to be issued and paid, all such sum or Aims of money as

due on the* are or ^uc anc* 0W*nS to any person or persons, on ac-

civil list on count of his Majesty's civil government, on or before the twen-or before tieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, July 20,178a. in t^e same manner, and by the persons who have last held the offices by or under which the fame have been usually issued and paid, or by such persons as the commissioners of the treasury shall appoint and direct to pay the same.

IV. And whereas anew and aeconomical plan is intended to be

adopted and take place, pursuant to his Majestfs gracious

Directions for be it therefore enacted, That the commissioners of the treasury carrying into shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to direct execution an such person or persons as they shall think most fit and capable, ceconomical to prepare> make up, and lay before them, for their approba-nTtoThU " tion, methods accommodated to the several reforms and altera* Majesty's gra- tions in this act made, and to appoint or continue in office such ciou* inten- officers as they shall judge most fit and proper for carrying such tioIIa plans into execution, under the direction of the lord steward,

lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and any other principal officer, to whom the said officers shall severally be subordinate; and the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, shall regularly, within the space of fifteen days after each and every quarter day, make out, or cauft to be made out, an estimate of all the several articles of expence of his Majesty's civil government, within their distindfc departments; which shall, after being inspected, and approved by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, be presented to the said commissioners of the treasury, and which estimate of expence shall not be exceeded (except as is herein after excepted and specially provided for) above five thousand pounds, in any of those departments in any one year, without sufficient reasons, to be produced to the said commissioners of the treasury, for increasing the fame; and upon the expiration of the quarter, the said commissioners of the treasury shall dire# so much of the monies of the civil list revenues to be issued at the receipt of the excite* quer to the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal officer, or to any person or per* ions appointed for that purpose by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal offi*

ccr.

tfBi.] Anno Tfecfimo (ecufldo GioiGif lit. C. Si. *45

cer, with the consent ^nd approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, as shall be sufficient t<*satisfy and pay the whole of the expence incurred in such quarter, which shall be by him distributed to and among the several persons who shall be intitled to receive the feme.

V. And be it enacted and declared* That the abolition cff the The court office of the clerks of the green cloth shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, or in any respect to dero-

gate from the jurisdiction which may now be lawfully exercised and powers* by the court commonly called The Court of Virgo, or The Green preserved. Cloth, but that the fame may be held and exercised 5 and it is hereby enacted, That the same shall be held and exercised, with all the accuftoified lawful jurisdiction, powers, and privileges belonging to the same, without any of the clerks of the green dpth, whose office is by this act taken away; ar.y statute, law* or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all His MaJelfyV

his Majesty's buildings which have been hitherto under the ma- buildings to nagement of the board of works, shall be under the djirc&ion of*

of some one person, who shall be condituted and appointed by a furvevQrot his Majesty, during his royal pleafore, ftirveyor or comptroller comptroller, of his Majesty's works, (the said surveyor or comptroller being to be appoint* bona fit by profedion an architect or builder), with such officers

and clerks under him as his Majesty shall from time to time Arcd and appoint.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the royal gardens shall be The royal under the direction of a person who shall be appointed by his ga*jd€n, Kt0Jie Majesty, during his Majesty's pleasure, surveyor or comptroller of a of the King’s gardens, with such gardeners and others under furVeyoror him, as his Majesty shall authorize and appoint, (the said fur- comptroller, veyor of gardens, in like manner, being by profession agar-

dener, or improver of grounds): and the said surveyors or comptrollers of his Majesty's works or gardens, or either of

them, during the holding of the said offices, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, incapable of being elected into, or of fitting and voting in parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Dir*8ionrra* the following rule and method shall hereafter be observed, with e«eutioa regard to all works which might heretofore have been done by ,ew'bu>lding» the board of works, for his Majesty's service; (that is to say), or repairs.

if his Majesty shall order any new building, work, or re- % pair, the expence of which shall exceed the sum of one thousand pounds, the plan (if in such works a plan shall be usual) and an estimate of the e^pence of the feme, shall be laid before the lord chamberlain; and if the said edimate shall appear reasonable, reference being had to the works ordered as aforesaid by his Majesty, the feme shall be by him certified to the commissioners of the treasury; and if the said commissioners approve of the said edimate, they may and shall (if his Majesty^ toy warrant under his Majesty's royal sign manual, dl-

irfe) authorize the said forveyor or architect to cxcdtitethe feme5 ’ .- *i

M6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii ILL c. 8a.

[1781.

and if the estimate of the said work shall be likely to exceed the sum of five thousand pounds in the whole, the said commifEoo-ers of the treasury may and shall direct the said surveyor to coo-tradfc for the execution of the said work $ and, so often as it shall appear expedient to the said surveyor or comptroller buildings, or that he shall receive orders from the lord chain* berlain for that purpose, he may and shall report upon and conn troul the execution of the said work in all its parts, and at all times during the progress thereof: provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said surveyor, architect, or builder* to make any contract as aforesaid conclusively, until the same shall be approved by the commissioners of the treasury, nor to make any addition to the expence exceeding one thousand pounds above the plan or estimate, until the same shall be approved by the said commissioners of the qreasury.

Commission-

IX. And be it enacted, That if, on complaint made to the eft of the commissioners of the treasury, or if otherwise they shall see treasury, be- Cause, it shall and may be lawful, before any payment upon for^n^fbeh* account any works as aforesaid be made, for the commissioa-worktf may ers of the treasury to order the said work to be surveyed by a order the fame builder of credit not concerned in any of the publick worksj gbe survey- who Oiall be called in,k and allowed one pound per day for hi* *", trouble, and shall certify to the said commissioners of the trea*

fury, upon oath, (which oath the said commissioqers are here* by authorized and required to administer), that the work hath been executed, as for as the fame hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable manner, and with good and durable materials: and in case the said commissioners of the treasury shall not be satisfied with the expence or goodness of the works, they shall, and are hereby authorized to make such delay or abatement as, on such their enquiry, shall appear just and expedient, any thing in this act contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where ex- X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in pences shall be all works, the expence whereof shall be under one thousand ▼ouchenTto Poun^> fa,d surveyor shall, previous to his receiving anjr be produced payment, produce vouchers of his expences actually made, to-to the lord gether with the grounds and reasons for his having incurred the chamberlain* said expences, to the said lord chamberlain, who (if he shall approve the fame) shall certify the whole of the charge to the treasury from time to time for payment.

Clerks, &c.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said lord chamberlain shall in the royal fceep an account of all clerks and workmen constantly or ordU patomonthly! narity employed in the royal palaces, and shall, once in every * month, certify to the treasury their numbers and wages, in or-

der that a monthly payment may be made to them.

No new works

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no in his Ma- new works in his Majesty's parks or gardens, the expence of Sc^atwv^a which may exceed in the whole five hundred pounds above the limited sum, ordinary charge, (an account of which ordinary charge is here* to be under- by directed, to be laid quarterly before the commissioners of the l, - treasury).

Anno WcdJnio'secundo GrBoSGtf Ilf. fc. §2. ttf'

treasury), shall be undertaken or performed without an order taken without

under his Majesty's sign manual, and without in estimate ap- I"°MC*rftrolB

proved and ordered to be executed by the said commissioners of the treasury, who shall issue, or cause to be issued, the money

for the execution of the fame, as well as for the said ordinary

charge; which is hereby directed to be paid once a month to

the surveyor of his Majesty's gardens.

XIII. And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. Furniture, That thfe furniture, pictures, plate, and all other moveables plate» to whatsoever, formerly under the care and management of the under the office of great wardrobe, or other wardrobe or jewel office, or

any of them, shall be hereafter committed to the care and ma- chamberlain, nsgement of the lord chamberlain.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted and provided, That when- Work for. ever his Majesty shall be pleased to order, for the use of any of undo* his Majesty's palaces, or for any other house, any of such fur- ^ei^1Jre^'on nrtare or goods as were formerly under the direction of the waitfro^e* office of great wardrobe, or any such other work to be done as how to be ex* formerly was done by or under the direction of the said ward- touted, robe, the same shall be done and executed (so far as regards the previous estimate and subsequent controul and account) in the

manner by this act directed for works undertaken by the surveyor of the buildings.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the 'Hie bufinef* doty and business done, or which might legally be done, by the heretofore late commissioners of trade and plantations, and all authorities, ^the powers, and jurisdictions, given to the said commissioners, by trade, to be any act or acts of parliament, may and shall be held and excr- executed by a cifed under the former directions and trusts by any committee committee of or committees of his Majesty's privy council, which his Majesty council^ shall be pleased to direct and appoint, during his royal pleasure,

without any salary, fee, or pension, to the members thereof, for holding and exercising the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick mo*

That all Turns of publick money, that now are in the disposition neyr und*r

or under the management of the lords of trade and police in JVhJflords1

Scotland, be, and the same are hereby directed to be under the of trade and

management and in the disposal of the convention of royal police in Scot*

bo&hs in Scotland,with the fame powers, and under the fame, and> to

limitations and trusts, by which the fame now are or may be

- I 1 1 management

duposed and managed. of the con-

XVII. And, for the better regulation of the granting of vention of

and the prevention of abuse or excefi therein, be it enacted, That*, r°ya 1 burgh*. from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun- Regulation* dred:and eighty-three, no pension exceeding the sum of three relathe to htmdred pounds a year, shall be granted to or for the use of any*brie perfori; and that the whole amount of the pensions granted in any one year, shall not exceed six hundred pounds

1 Htftjf which, together with the names of the* persons to whom Lbe fame are granted, shall be laid befbfe parliament* in twenty

i^ETidter the beginning of each session, until the whole pension L 2lift

the crown in -foreign court*.

Anno vicesimo fecun^o Georgii III. c. 82. [1781.

lift shall be reduced to ninety tiipufand pounds; which fuss*

shall not be lawful to exceed by more than five thousand poug4$ in the whole of all the grants: nor shall any pension, to granted after the said reduction, to or for the use of any on$ person, exceed the sum of one thousand two hundred poupdi yearly, except to his Majesty's royal Umily, or on auqi addxfdji o teither house of parliament.

III. And whereas it both been that who

the crown in foreign courts have, after the expiration at his Majestfs pleofurt, received proportion of tleir former appointments atto his Majesty bath famed expedient; be it ena£3$,

Not to extend That nothing In (his ad contained relative to pension$, (ha)) )}C to*person*vrho Construed to extend to such allowance, either in present or iff have served future. provided the said persons do not feverplly enjoy foffc place or other profit from the crown, to the amount of the p?n-(ion usually allowed in such cases; provided that thjp lift of the said pensions shall be laid, in the manner before mentioned, be* fore parliament.

XIX. And whereas much and expence did orise frm

having pensions paid at various, and by various j. and a custom hath prevailed of granting pensions on aprivate Vjl during Majestfs pleasure, upon a fupthat in some cases it may net

expedient for the publick good to divulge the names of the personsti* the said lift9 or that it may be to the persons retrying such payments to have it known that their difireffes are so or for saving the expence of fees and taxes on pensions \ by means

of which said usage% secret and dangerous corruption may hereof ter it praflized: and whereas it is no disparagemeni for any persons t» it relieved by the royal bounty in their distress, or for their bnt%

on the contrary, it is honourable, on just causey to be thought worthy

of reward: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no pension whatsoever, on the civil establishment, shall hereafter be paid but at the exchequer, and in the same manner as those pensions which are now paid and entered at the exchequer, under the head, title, and description of, and

[Proviso.]

with the name of the person to whom, or in trust for whom, the said pension is granted 9 and that those which are transferred thither by this act shall be subject to no taxes or fees whfufo-ever, except the taxes and fees to which before this act they were subject $ any statute, law, ®r usage, to the contrary hot* withstanding: nor shall any pension hereafter to be granted be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on pensions to the paymaster of the pensions. # XX. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall restraioy

or be confirued to restrain, the high treasurer, or first commilr doner of the treasury, for the time being, by his Majesty's cob* lent, from taking away, or causing to be taken away, from the private list or lists of pensions, the names and pensions of any person or persons which at present are entered on the said pri--n* v M Vate list or lists* or any of them.

fjerts£m*y

XXI. Provided also, Tha* it shall yd be lawful forg

I pent _ the civil list to be paid at the exebe*

qocr.

*4#

return into the exchequer any pension* without the name of tb# pensioner, on taking the following oath}

Aifatf vWflrirk fitimdd Georgii III. jf, ffj,

Mgli tittrforer, tit fiWf CMtaiifltoner of thd treasury for tKe tlnie

teng, to return itVrb fh£ exchequer any pension or annuity, frifhoat the hathe of the person to whom the fame is payable

6n fakiilg an bath before the barons' Of the exchequer, or one tofoh of the ekchdqber, Or before the cursitor baron, in thd form foUbWing:

I Aft. &6 /wear, f6at9 dccdrding to the best of my -

Ref and information, thi pension or pe, or,annuity or -

httitifty returned without a natitl by me into the, is or art

My dkeffly or indirfitly y for the benefit, ufty or behoof of any mem*

her of the house of commons, *r, so far as 1 am

UteRbj or tndireflfato the purpose of supporting.or procuring an -

t&efi in any fldci returning members to parliament.

So' help me

XXII. And' it is hereby enacted, That on taking the said which pen*

Mth* the peftfiort or pensions, annuity or annuities aTbrelald, non. Sec. shall shall be paid at the exchequer so the order of the high treasurer, be paid to hit or first commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, and order* his rteeipt shall be accepted and taken as an acquittance for the feme.

XXIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any Oath to be such secret pension shall continue in the said lift for more thari uke" wb*a five year's, the high treasurer, or first commissioner of the trea- Senficw^Suai fury, or one of the secretaries, or one of the chief clerks of the continue in trtafory, for the time being, shall make oath, before such pen- the lift more floh fttalT be paid at the exchequer, that he does believe that the than e ptrtbrt for whose Use the said pension or annuity hath been year* jrartred is living.

XXIV. Andy for preventing as much as may be all alufes in the HJpo/al of monies issued under the head of fetret service, or -

tijf fi vrJpecied fervid \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall riot be lawful to issue or imprest from the exche- Payment of

£, or order to be paid by a treasury warrant, or under sign Secret service nil, or otherwise, to any secretary or secretaries of the trea- S?^J|rc* or to atiy other person or persons whatsoever, from the fiwlift revenues, for the purpose of secret service within this tmgtofti, any sum or sums of money which in the Whole shall acted the sum of ten thousand pounds in any one yean

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Claafe relative vfodn it (Hall be deemed expedient by thd commissioners of his to foreign' Majest/s’ treasury, or’ the high treasurer, for the' time being, to secret service Mbd, or in any tOahner to direct the payirienr of any sum or m0Bey*

(ms of money ftttortthe civil list revenues, for foreign feerfet service, the same shall be issued and paid’to one of his Majest/s pfinciptt (ecibforiea of (fete, or to the first cotiunUfidnet of the admiralty s and the said secretary or secretaries of date, or fifft comt&imonrt*' dt thb admiralty, shall, for his discharge at the fxebequer, within three years from the issuing the said money,

b3 produce

Anno vicesimo tecundo Georgii III. c. 8*.

[1789.

produce the receipt of his Majesty's minister, commissioner, or consul, in foreign parts, or of any commander in chief' or other commander of his Majesty's navy or land forces, to whom the said money shall have been sent' or given, that the fame hath been received for the purpose for which the fame hath been issued; which said receipt shall, and is hereby directed to be filed in the exchequer, in order to charge the said minister, commissioner, consul, or commander of his Majesty's land or sea forces, with the fame; and the {pid receipt, on proof of the

hand writing, shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge the said secretary or secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, in their said account at the exchequer.

Foreign mini*

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any foreign minister, con-tiers, &c. to ful, or commander of his Majesty's land or sea forces, who shall account for stand charged at the exchequer for or by reason of any secret wUhin*aDyear ^erv,<:c money by him received, shall stand discharged and ac-after their quitted thereof, if, within one year after his arrival in arrival in Britain, he shall cither return the said money into the exchc-£rcat Britain, quer, pr make oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, in the form following:

1A. do swear, That I have disbursed the money, intrujld to me for foreign secret service, faithfully, according to the intent and purpose for which it was given9 according to my beji

1 for bii Majestfi service.

help me

Secretaries of SfXVII, Provided always, That whenever it shall be necef? Bate, Sic. ssary for the principal secretary or secretaries of (late, or first inentot’ any* of the admiralty, to majee payment of any money

secret service '>flued for foreign secret service, or for secret service in detecting,

Eoney, shall preventing, or defeating, treasonable or other dangerous con-? jnras ^piracies against the state in any place within this kingdom, then SuheicolfT ltSufficient to acquit and discharge the said secretary or

, secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, for such fe-

- cretary or secretaries, or the under secretary of state in the office to which such secret service money hath been paid, or for the first commissioner of the admiralty, or the secretary of the admiralty,* to make oath, before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, or before the cursitor baron, in the form so}- lowing:

Th# oath.

I A.B. do swear, That the money paid to me for foreign secret fee* vice, or for secret service in detecting, preyfnting, or

treasonable, or other dangerous conspiracies against the fate, [mu-tatis mutandis, as the case may be], has been bona fide applied to the said purpose or purposes, and to no other ;that it hath not

' it tbp farnp should be paid

0 bflp me

1782.] Anno Vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8*, 151

XXVIII. And, to avoid all confusion in accounts relative to the No stated Aim

fold secret ferviu% be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 1° *JF

the certain stated Turns of money now paid to his Majesty's princip^I (Secretaries of state, under the name of secret service money, ney. but which are commonly reputed and employed as part of the salary of the said office, be no longer entered or paid under that description or for that account; but the fame, for so long as his Majesty shall please to continue the whole or any part thereof,

shall be given under the name of salary, fee, or allowance: and that hereafter no certain or stated Turn be given or allowed for the said secret service out of his Majesty's civil list revenues; but, when any monies for secret service shall be deemed necessary by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, the same shall be issued, by their direction, to the officer or officers a fore-kid, as the occasion shall require, according as is herein-before directed and provided,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any sum or sums

Turns

of money shall be issued for the purpose of any special service, *£!: or shall be given without provision of annual or other stated to be entered, payment, but in a erofs sum or sums, as to any secretary or fe- in a book, cretaries of the treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for the use of any person or persons for special service, or as of royal bounty, the said sum or sums of money, together with the special service or services, or as royal bounty, to which the fame is or are applied, as also the name of the person or persons to whom the said money for service or of bounty as aforesaid is paid, shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose in the treasury, in order to be produced to either house of parliament, if required. -

XXX. Andy for the better prevention of all practice by which such grants as of bounty mOy be made a colour under which penftons may be fubfantialfy granted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, it is hereby enacted, That any sum or sums of money so Grant* of given as of royal bounty, to any person more than once in three r°K^ to'Se* years, the fame is and shall be reputed a pennon or penftons tp ^puted pcnf> aH intents and purposes whatsoever. fans.

XXXI. And whereas the establishment of an invariable order in

inpayment offalariesand other charges on the civil lijly will enable -

ibofe who have the charge thereof the better to provide for the feverdl firyices to which the said civil list revenues ought to be and

unU be the means to prevent the incurring of debt for the juturty and the following order stems just and equitablefor that purpose; that if to Jdy, first y the penftons and allowances of the royal family $ second-

b* the payment of the fakries of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper or lords tommiffsoners of the the

fptaker of the house of commons, and judges of the courts of King*

bench and common pleasy and barons of the, the chiefjuftiCb r

of Cheiler, and the justicts of tho courts of great session in the prin* '

crpality of Wales; thirdly y the fakries of to foreign

court*) being rejidentat the said courts; f, the approved bills

of all trade/men, artificers, andkbourersy for any articles fitppUed*

1*4 or

I*

Thjt payments

S' f the civil ft revenues to be divided into regular piaffe.

|Jo pepfion, a fee. to be paid opt of course.

filial, h* in arrears for two years to pe eitin^uifti-

flf* -

«f»'V

commifuonerf of the trea-

|j?7-

Anno yfccflmo secondo Gpon&n III. c. 81.

[178*

pr weykdeny yfor his Majestfsfervid \ fifthly The menial ferQtatt

fft his Majestys househeld\ sixthly, The pension lift*

the jnull'-jt pensions \ sevent hly*The all ether plates pe$*

able cut of the civil list revenues, beginning with the j eighthly* The salaries and pensions of the high treasurer or ef thi

treujury, and chancellor of the exchequer» be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury /hall. 011 pr before the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, draw out a plan of the e(lab)ifhm|nCt and payments of the said civil list revenues in clafiea, according to the order herein mentioned, arranging by estimate the expeoct of yach elafs, and of each individual office in each class; and that such plan shall be signed by the said commdOoncrsv and deposited with the clerk of the house of commons, on or before the said fifth day of April\ one thousand seven hundred aid eighty-three; and that, from and after the said fifth day of April* ah ftinas of money which shall become due and payable put of the said civil list revenues, for any of the purpose* afore? /aid, shall be paid in the order and according to the plan heron petitioned.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, That it (hell not be lawful for the commissiopers of the treasury to direct the payment of any salary or pension whatsoever, to be made under sign mx* nual or otherwise, until the bills, salaries, and pensions of aM those who are entitled, according to the fooregeing order, ate fid) idischarged, or cash fat apart in the exchequer sufficient to am fwey the whole demand in the preceding clafies; providdd^tfial pothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend* to prevent the commissioners of the treasury from ordering all occasional pay menu, for which warrants are phially granted at the treasury, and which are not comprehended in the claflesaod deferiplions aforesaid, to be made according to their discretion, apd a? the circumstances of the case may in their judgement fenoire. 1

XXXIII. And be it spa^cd by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of April* one thousand favco hundred and eighty*three, if any salary, fee, or peofion,or any part thereof, shaft remain ioaircarat the usual time of pay* Tpent, at the end ef a period of two years, from want of cad) belonging to the civil list revenue to pay and d&barge the fame; the said arrear of salary* fee, pr pension, shall not be carried as a debt to the account of the year following, hut shaft be whoftf Jipfed and e*tinguift>bd, as if the fame had not been payable.

XXXIV. And pbireas it is intended that all Javmgt from firs and fefi ef thy offices by this off jkppr/fid* fibeuld applied in fid of the eiwlljft e$peneisr whichrymcejfisry* i, by the

fppcAftjMo? hereafter made* grp in fomemtpfar* Jhikynid* be ij pl^fife4> That allfe«§ hitherto payable, and by this act not ex-fepted, of any peyotfiu$ within the civil list revenue^ do ftrH continue to bp paid, and remain fiftf the di^pofsi of the cootmif* honors of thp treasury*

, ‘ And

ifSt. J Aiina vkfefinofccvnddGE&fcou'III, c. to*

XXXV. And be it emrfttd* Thdt the coraariffiohers of thd Books to be treasury shall cause a regular book or books to be kept, for the k*P* for the Charges of each of the dafiea and articles aforesaid, distrh&ly and apart; and it is hereby directed, that the reibh of payment in the said several books contained shall, in an orderly manner, and according to the tifaal method in which fair accounts aro kept, be entered in a (operate book at the end of each year, and the fame being oppoftd to the receipt of the Civil Krtcafti, a ba-

lance shall be (truck upon the whole.

XXXVI. And whereas, upon abelishing the several offices fop-pressed by this act, sundry persons,who man have held their by

patent for life, or may have legally, or ac to the eoserje of*

fee, purchased the fame for a valuable consideratien, and may suffer

burdship by the supprtffm thereof 2 and others, though net

within the same description, who have diligently and faithfully extent id their several subordinate effices for hit Majtfifs service, and by fetchJuppreffimwiU be reduced to dtfirefsfui or indigent p

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners Provision to of the treasury may, and they are hereby inapowered, to allow be made for to every person severally who holds his office by patent foe life, Persons ho^" or who has purchased his place in the manner before mention- frr> td, an annuity equal to the legal emoluments of hk said office» and alto to allow to other persons in the subordinate offices aforesaid, upon r examination into the ckctrinstances and behaviour of the said persons, such annuities severally as the cctaM 'v missioners of tho treasury shall think equitable and just, for did fop port and maintenance of iiich person or persons, until ho oO they shall be provided for in his Majesty's service* according to his or their abilities and merit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aford-»

said, That whatever is directed by the act to be dorte Or trans- Powers gnmt-acted by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, may be, «d by this act end the fame is hereby required an<^ directed to- be done and toI?e transa&ed by the high treasurer for the tithe being,- or by such treasury, foasmissionen of the treafory for the time being, or any threo shall be veiled or more of them; and all powers and authorities whatsoever, in the high by this act granted to the commissioners of his Majesty*? area- !rea$,rer/or Any, are hereby also declared to be verted in tlw high tvesfara*Li lmc be* for the time being, and in such commissioners of the treafory for the time being, or any three or more of them.

XXXVIII. And whereas there was due and tho fifth Recital of the

day of April, one thousand feveHhundred and eighty-two', at the - civil list debt

pipe of the exsbeyiur, for the expense of his Majesty's govern* on‘April 5, muses, the fism of two hundred ninety-five eight hundred and17,11

seventeen pounds, eighteen /killings, and four-pence farthing: and

whereas it h expedient, mid mayfadtftaietbointrodvftim of a proper (nemocy ise the future management of the civil list that the find fan ef two haesdrod ninety-five eight hundred and

seventeen pounds, eighteen Jbiilings, andfour-pence fmhing, fboM paid and discharged with all possible speed, and that the iutreofc of

debts on bio Majesifs civil establishment Jhsuld be pnvdtted fee the

future:

*54

Exchequer bill* to be made out for payment thereof.

Ajibo*vicesimo secondoGEokonllL c. Bil [178*.

future: and whereas it bath rtfohedy That a net exceeding three hundred thousand poundsfer saying off and discharging

the debts due and swing open the civil list the said fifth dey of April, ene thousand seven hundred and eighty two: now, to the end

tjiat no want or failure may happen or be made in such grant, and the application of the fame, and for the better supplying the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds in the most effectual manner for the purposes aforesaid; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and far the commissioners of the treasury, by their warrant or warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared and made at the exchequer any number of exchequer bills, in the same manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules or directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled, fer granting an aid to his Majesty by a land, to be raised in Great Britain, fer the ferviuof the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two), are enacted and prescribed concerning the ex-' chequer bills to be made out in pursuance of the said act, and

to be made forth for such sum or Turns of money as they shall think moss proper and convenient, so as all the principal monies to be contained in the said bills, to be made by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-AHthepre- said. That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, prhri-bthreto^x- k®6* advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, con-chequer bilb Gained in the said act, (intituled An act for granting an aid te hie In the bad Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain,/*;* tax act of this the year ene thousand seven hundred and ), relating to

the exchequer bills authorized to be made by the ferae aft, (ex-tftofe made fa 0*9* clauses as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by porfoance of the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest this act. to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said feveml clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; and the commissioners of the treasury are hereby authorized and impowered to cause the said exchequer bills, to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much cash in the cheffs of the respective tellers of the receipt of the exchequer, and to direct the said tellers to issue money for the purposes of this act in lieu thereof*

The said bills

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all to be charged the exchequer bills which shall be made in pursuance of this act, on the aggre- and all the charges and expences incident to or attending the feme, in any manner whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary rs-yenucs sand any other thf duties and revenues ythi^k do or shall

sompose

gate fund.

1782.] Anno vicesimo.secundo Georgii III. 0:83. *55

fompose the fund commonly called Tht Aggregate/W, or any

of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such

turn and Turns of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, except the

payments directed thereout by the alts of the first and (even-

teenrh years of his present Majesty's reign), but with preference

to all other payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said fund.

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there rs,«eo!. to be, shall be regularly set apart and applied, at the receipt of the ex* applied, qoar* chequer, out of the said duties and revenues composing the fa^ [te a^rexmte fund commonly called The Aggregate F, the sum of twelve fundfwwds thousand five hundred pounds on each and every quarterly day paying off the of payment in the year; (that is to say). The sum of twelve bills* thousand five hundred pounds on the tenth day of Octoberj twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of ary; twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of April; and twelve thousand, five hundred pounds on the fifth day of July; (the first quarterly payment to be applied and made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two); for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharginr the said exchequer bills, until the whole sum of three hundred thousand pounds, to be raised in manner aforesaid, with the charges attending the fame, shall be completely paid off, cancelled, and discharged: and the said sum of twelve thotifend \five hundred pounds, so to be set apart, issued, and paid each 4 "

quarter for the purposes aforesaid, shall be deemed, taken, and jmdcrstood to be in diminution of the respective annuities of eight hundred thousand pounds, and of one hundred thousand pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said duties and revenues,-by the said acts of the first and seventeenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for the support of his Majesty's house hold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Gnat Britain but in case of the demise of his Majesty (whooi God long preserve 1) before the whole of the said exchequer bills, amounting to three hundred thousand pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then such of the said bills as shall remain mncancelled shall, from the quarter day next preceding such demise, be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many laws now in being for the preamble.

relief and emleyment of tht poor, and groat fnms

faffed for those purposes, their /offerings and are nevertheleft

very grievous', and, by the incapacity, negligence, or ofoyor~

6ors, the qsoneyraised for the relief of the poor is frequently mifap~

gUed, and sometimes expended in defraying the (barges of Htigatieut

7 about

156 Alta* VidcfidW feetindo GrArgiI HI. & 8^ [r^taG

start fetHoments indtfertetly and unadvisediy onrahd

Redtal of kt dtlause inan ail, paffbd the ninth year of the reign Kikg

9 Geo. t. c. 7. George the Fbrfi, intituled An act for the amendment of to

tews relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor* power is givtn to the churchwardens and in the

wr therein rhentioned, to purtbaf or hire houses, and contrail with an) person for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing the poor', and taking the benefit of their work, labour, and service, for their maintenance \ and, where art) pdrlfh, totem, or ke found

too /mall,to unite two or nhr pvrpofts, with the consent of the mayor part of the pari/bisnirs or inhabitants, and the approbation of a justice of peace; Which watti of regulations and management in the poor or workhouses that have be eh

ptirehafed or hired tinder the okthority the off, and for want of

due bfpe&iondnd mtroul over the Who have engaged th

tboficoMrafity bdve not bad tbtdeflrefd effefi, bill poor in midf plates,instead of finding protrftion add rilief, have both ntich of-piejfed thereby: for remedy of these grievances and irtCohVem-ene^s, and in older to make better tad more efftdhta) pfovifita for the relief and etoptoyitoerto of the poor, end to intYodbce a rpiixderit oeConomy in the expenditure Of the partrtv money; may it please your Majestly that it may be enacted; end* be it cta&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with die advice and consent or the lords (of ritual and temporal, and1 com*, towns} ki this prdfent parliament assembled, and by the auth#-Part thereof rfty af the1 famd* That from and after the twenty-fifth day Of repealed. March, Which tell be iti the year of our Lord one thou&tod fe-rttthundred and eighty-three* so much of the fafct dause as rb-spects the maintaining or hiring out the labour of the poor bj oontrshft, within arty pariflv, township, or place, which shall adopt the prWvifioM of this act, shall be, and is hereby repealed, add every con Wadi or agreement made inporfuance tnerbof, for either of those purposes, shall become,' and' is hereby declattd to be, nail and Void. vUkor* and

II. Provided roeverthdefsy and be it further enacted, That it guardians shall and may be lawful for the* visitor and guardian, or visitdfs macements gnmndsans^ appointed as hcWafter mentioned, of any parirtr, Jwr the diet tdwnfliipy or plhcey or parishes,* townships, and plafees. Which and clothing, shall haVd adopted the provkfionS'andcomplied with the require. of perfoiu sites of this act, and shall have a visitor appointed, from timfctb lent to the 1^3 to mafcc agreements with any person or persons for the diet 011 or cloathing of such poor persons who shall be sent to the house or houses to be provided orfdCf the authority of this act, and for the wpfk and labour of such poOr persons, that nfofudh agreement shall be made for any longer time than twelve months, and so tftat te feme shall be, and every such agreement is hereby declared to be, under the ftri&eit inspedHod and controul aftbe visitor, guard ita, and governor of such poor house, and abb of thejbfiSfods of the* peace for tae Ihnit where Aidr poor house shall bC; two*t>f which justiCcs* uprtn pebof of artyubofoj tell ht»c power to dififdvc such contract

W.Ao4

1782.] Anno vicesimo Jecondo Georgii III. Q, 83. Y57

, VtAnd be it further eroded, That whenever two third parts, Conditions on in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any pa* tled to tj,° ri(h, town ship, or place, qualified as hereafter mentioned, shall, benefits of at any time after the passing this act, at a publick meeting to be tM* aft* holden pursuant to the directions of this act, signify their approbation of the provisions herein contained, and their desire to adopt them, in the form contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, No* I, *nd shall at such meeting nominate and recommend to the consideration of the justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, district, city, town, or place, where such meeting fbnU be bolded, three able and dkcreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, town ship, or place* and three other fit and proper persons qualified to be go-v/cmets of the poor house for such parish, town ship, or place,

*pd fix the friaries to, he paid to such guardian and governor re-fpcdiyely, and shall procure the consent and approbation of two justices of the peace acting for that limit, to such agreement and salaries, by writing under their hands, in the forms contained in the schedule. Mo, II, and shall cause such agreement to be registered pyrfuant to the direction of this act; every such parUh, township, or place, shall from that time be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

IV. And be it further eroded. That where two third parts, w0 or more ip number and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of parishes may bods, tenements, or hereditaments, within two or more pa- unite, with rishes* townships, or places, so qualified as aforesaid, shall think fit, with such approbation as aforesaid, signified in like manner justice#, for under the bands of two justices of the peace, and subscribed at the purposes the foot of the said agreement, in the form expressed in the said of this act. schedule. No. II, at the end of the form of the said agreement, to unite for the purposes of this act, and shall signify their inclination and desire so to do at a publick meeting holden in each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the manner herein-before dire died concerning a single parish, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. Ill, an agreement shall, as soon as Conveniently may be after such publick meetings shall hive been holden, fie entered into by the guardians of the poor of every Inch parish, township, and place respectively, or the major part of them* in the form or to the effect set forth in the said sche-d.ulfe No. IV, which agreement shall be binding upon the feve-X?d partjes; and every such agreement shall specify the place Where such house or houses shall be situate, and the terms upon Wfiich such agreement is made, and shall be entered with the clerk of the peace or town clerk of the county, city, town, or xbftrid, in which such panther, townships, or places, shall be situate, end a copy thereof left with him wkhin three calendar months after the time of making such agreement, in the fooa /QT U> the effect mentioned in thp laid schedule, No. V, fqr which entry gypfy such clerk (hell receive one fiuHing, and no

o and

Notice for meetings to be given in the church, See.

Qualification ot voters.

*58* Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. cr8j.

[1782.

and from that time every such parish, town ship, and place, so agreed to be united, shall be- entitled to all the benefits, privileges* powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

Parishes more V. Provided nevertheless,'and be it further enacted, That no than 10 miles parish, town ship, hamlet, or place, which shall be situate'tnore: distant from ^an t^n jnjj^ from any poor house or workhouse to be provided excluded.°U under the authority of this act, shall be permitted to be united,*

for the purposes aforesaid, with the parishes, townships, hamlets, and places, which shall establKh such poor house or workhouse.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the notice for every publick meeting directed by this act, shall be given in the church* or chapel of every such parish, town ship, or place, on three fuc-ceflive Sundays before the time of such meeting, immediately after divine service, or on such of the said Sundays as service shall be performed there, and also fixed in writing on such church or chapel door, or if no church or chapel, at some publick place within any such parish, township, or place, where notices of parish business have been usualLy given, fifteen days at lead before the day to be appointed for such meeting, in the form or to the efifeft mentioned in the said schedule. No. VI; and that no person shall vote at any publick meeting to be holden for the purposes of this act, unless he or she shall be the owner or occupied of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be assessed to the poor's rates, within such parish, township, or place, after the rate of five pounds per at the lead; nor shall any such person vote as occupier, unless he or she shall be a(Te(Ted or pay to such poor's rates: provided always, That in all parishes, townships, or places, wherein there shall not be ten persons pof-, sessed of the qualification aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every person who shall be assessed, or shall pay to such poor's rates, to vote at every such meeting.

Justices to ap*

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be point a guar- jawfuj for tw0 justices of the peace of the limit where such poor parish^&c. house shall be, or be so agreed to be situated, and they are hereby \ required, as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall have been made as aforesaid, upon application to them by two or more of the persons who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons so recommended to be guardian of the poor for each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the form contained in Duty and the said schedule, No. VII, or to that or the like effect; and Sardian. cvcry guardian shall intend the monthly meetings hereby directed to be holden, and execute the several powers and authorities given to guardians by this act, and shall have, and is hereby inverted with, all the powers and authorities given to

overseers of the poor by any other act or acts of parliament, and shall to all intents and purposes, except with regard to the making and collecting of rates, be an overseer of the poor bee the‘parirti or township for which he shall be io appointed guardian.

*59

17 & 2.] Anno vicesimo focondo Georgii III. c. 83.

dian, and shall be liable to inch forfeitures and penalties for neglect of duty as overseers of the poor are made liable to by this or any other act of parliament; and all notices or applications directed by this or any other act of parliament to be given or made to the overseers of the poor, with respect to the care and management or removal of the poor,' shall be given and made to the guardian of the poor, where any such guardian shall be appointed under the authority of this act; but in case any orders of removal or notices shall happen, by mistake, to be given or sent to the churchwarden or overseer, the same shall be as valid and effectual as if given to the guardian; and such churchwarden or overseer shall, and is hereby required forthwith to deliver the same to the guardian, or shall forfeit-forty shillings for his neglect: and in all cases where such guardian of the poor shall be appointed as aforesaid, neither the churchwardens or overseers of the poor shall interfere or intermeddle in the care and management of the poor, but shall continue to have and be inverted with the fame powers of making and collecting poor’s rates as they have at present, and shall be subject to the like penalties for neglect or misbehvaiour in making and collecting such rates as they were at the time of passing this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the appointment of such guardian as aforesaid, one or more of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every parish, town-ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, who shall be approved at some publick meeting to be holden as aforesaid, shall receive the money to be collected by virtue of such poor’s rates, and apply the fame in manner following; (that is to say). If such parifri, township, or place, shall npt be united with any other by-virtue of this act, such churchwarden or overseer shall pay to the guardian of the poor such sums, from time to time, as he shall have occasion to employ for the purposes of discharging the bills, and all other necessary expences attending such house or houses, and the poor belonging to such parish, town ship, or place, and shall take receipts from such guardian for all the money so paid, expressing in every such receipt the purposes for which such money is wanted; and if the said pa* ri(h, township, or place, shall be united with any other parish* township, or place, by virtue of this act, such churchwarden or overseer shall pay, from time to time, to the treasurer of such united panfries, townships, or places, their due proportion and quota of the several expences attending the poor and poor house therein, under the authority and according to the direction of this act, and take his receipts for such money; or, if it shall be found more convenient, he shall permit such treaforer, from time to time, to draw drafts upon him for such money, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VIII, and pay the same when they become due, specifying in every such receipt and draft the general purposes for which such money is to be applied; all which payments so to be respectively made, shall be allowed to the said churchwarden or overseer, in his accounts with the.pa-

Church warden or overseer to receive the poor's rate.

How to be applied.

Justices to appoint a g overnor of each poor house.

Directions for the appointment of rifit-prt*

Vjfitor may appoint a deputy.

Aim Vunfima founds Georgii III. c. 83. f

rift* toWnffiip, or place, wherein such money shall be raised $ ofid the accounts, as well of the said churchwarden or ©verfeer, as of the said guardian, shall be examined at every monthly meeting, and mall be examined and passed quarterly by the vi-fitor of such poor house, after they shall have been verified upon oath before a justice of the peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That k shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for the limit wherein such poor house shall be situate, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall bays been made as aforesaid for adopting the provisions of this act, either by a single parish or township, or by two or more parishes or townftiips, upon application made to them by two or more of the persons, who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons recommended for governor of such poor house, (in the form Contained in the said schedule. No. VII, or to that or the like efit&), who shall have the care, management, and employment of the poor persons to be font thither, and shall be allowed such friary or wages for his trouble as shall be specified in the said agreement j and it shall and may be lawful for the visitoy of such poor house, with the consent of the guardians! or the major part of them, or for two or more justicec of the peace for such limit where a guardian shall be visitor, to remove the governor of fii^h poor house, upon complaint, and sufficient proof, of mUbehaviour or incapacity in the execution of his office.

X. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor for the several parishes and townships which shall be so united as aforesaid, shall meet as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall have been made, to cenfider of three proper persons, respectable in character and fortune, fit to be put in nomination for the office of visitor of such poor house $ and two or more of such guardians shall, as (bon as conveniently paay he after such meeting, apply to two justices of the peace acting for the limit wherein such poor house shall be, and produce to them the said agreement, and the names of the persons whom they shall desire to recommend 5 which justices shall then, pr within three days after, appoint one of such persons so recommended to be visitor, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. VII, or to that or the like effect; but if he shall refute to aocept that office, they shall then appoint one other of the persons so named and if he shall decline it, they shall appoint the third pprfqn named in such lift; and if he shall decline it, the guardians of the said several parishes, townftiips, and places shall, and they are hereby required to serv'o that office monthly by rotation, subject to the controul of the justices of She limit where such poor house shall be: and every such visitor, if not a guardian, is hereby authorised to nominate tome dif* erect and proper person to be his deputy or assistant, if he lh«H think fit, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. IX; and every such deputy or assistant shall, in the abfonoe of feck

visitor,

1781.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. fe;8j; U>H

Vifiior, and under his direction* act as inspectbr of the several matters so committed to the care of the visitor, and shall make his report thereof, from time to time, to him, for his better ini formation, and render him all the assistance in his power: and every visitor so to be appointed shall superintend every such house or houfts, and settle and adjust the accounts between the Paid guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any question or dispute shall arise respc#ing the fame; and also shall settle and adjust all doubts and questions which may arise concerning the persons which ought to be sent to such house or houses, according to the intention of this act, and by every prudent means in his power enforce and promote the rules, orders, regulations, directions, and provisions established; enacted, and formed by and under this act* for the better accommodation and relief of the poor, and the preventing all unnecessary expencesand burthens on the said parishes, townships, and places: and every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby re* Governor, See. quired to observe and obey the directions which he shall from °k«y the time to time receive from the visitor so to be appointed, touch- v,fitor# ing the several matters aforesaid: and, where any act shall be required to be done by a justice of peace, such visitor, if not a justice, or his deputy or assistant, shall apply to forpe neighbouring magistrate to do the fame: and every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from ierving the office of constable, and -all parochial offices, and also from Serving upon juries at the affixes or quarter sessions, so long as he shall continue in that office; and a certificate under the hand of a justicC of the peace tding for the limit wherein he executes such office, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. X, shall be admitted as evidence of his Serving the office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if two thirds, in num- Single parilbea ber and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of lands* ap.* tenements, or hereditaments, within any single parish, town- pointed.

ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act in

manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified for that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons so recommended, in the manner herein-before directed concerning parishes, townships, and places so united as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the A treasurer to several parishes and townships united for the purposes of this aPP0,ntc"' act, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to

be treasurer of the poor house; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian So recommended, or any other of the guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office, in the form contained in the said Schedule, No. VII, or to that or the like effect; which treasurer HU duty. Vol. XXXIV. M shall

\6t

Vacancies oc> rationed by death of officers, Sec. how to be supplied.

At what time the offices of guardian, governor, See. mall determine.

Justices in a different limit may att in certain cases.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8j.

[1781.

shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his bandstand shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and* expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts oefore the guardians, at every such meeting, for their peruial and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within fourteen days before the Mtcbatlmas quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such poor house shall be situate, make out, or cause to be made our, a just and fair account of the expences attending the fame, distinguishing them under the several heads herein specified; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employ* «d, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the vi(itor, and figmfied under his hand, if he approves the feme, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, of such county, riding, division, city, or place, before or at the time of the said quarter sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection: and every such treasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding ten pounds, as the visitor, if not a guardian, shall think fit; and if no such vtfitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any vacancy shall happen in any of the offices aforesaid, by death, resignation, or removal^meetings shall be called, and recommendations offered to the justices in manner aforesaid; and they shall proceed, so soon as conveniently may be, in the manner before directed, to appoint a fit and proper successor to the person so dying, declining to ad, or so removed as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the offices of guardian, governor, visitor, or treasurer, to which any person shall be appointed under the authority of this act, shall determine in Easttr week next after the respective persons shall be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the publick meeting for such parish, township, or place, shall be held there; when the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office, shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the manner herein-before directed, as if such person had died.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if within any such limk as aforesaid, wherein any poor house shall be situate, there shall happen to be no acting justice, or only one acting justice of the peace, or if the justice or justices of the peace who usually ad in

1781.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

that limit* shall be absent, Or by any means incapacitated to act, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to act in all such'cases,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, within their respective limits, to appoint special or privy sections for executing the several powers and purposes of this act, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the fame, to the several justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor* within such respective limits; and also to adjourn any fcch privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and place as they shall judge most proper for discharging the business required by this act, and such other business which may happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the least trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest convenience and accommodation to the publick, earning the like noti<£$ to be given of every such adjournment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor of the several parishes, townships, and places, which shall adopt the provision&of this act, shall provide a suitable and convenient house or houses, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, when wanted, either by erecting new ones on land to be purchased or rented by them for that purpose, altering dd ones, or hiring buildings for the purpose; and shall fit up and dispose the fame, with the advice and approbation of the visitor, if any, in such manner as shall be most conducive to the general purposes of this act, at the expence of such parish or town-ship,or parishes, townships, and places, respectively, in the pro* portions herein-afrer mentioned; and shall provide such utensils and materials as they shall think necessary for their employment* according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XVIII. And be it furtheV enacted, That the several poor houses or workhouses to be built or provided under the authority of this act, shall be situate within the parish or township for which they shall be used, if single parishes or townships, and if several parishes or townships (ha'll be united for the purposes of this act, they shall be built or provided within one of the parishes or townships so to be united, and not in any other parish, township, or place, without the consent of three fourth parts, in number and value as aforesaid, of such owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the same, first had and obtained, qualified as herein-before mentioned, who shall bC assembled at a publick. meeting to be holden in the manner, and upon the like notice, herein-before directed for publick meetings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the houses, buildings, and lands, to be hired or rented under the authority of this act, shall be hired or rented in such manner, for such term or terms, and on such conditions, as are specified in the form of agreement contained in the said schedule. No.IV; and all such houses, buildings, and lands, shall be free from all parochial

163

Justices may appoint (pedal ielTion» for executing the powers of this act*

Guard Jahs shall provide houses, and proper uten* fill, &c*

Poor houset where to be situated.

On what conditions lands, Uct shall be rented*

*6+

Buildings to be paid for by the guardians.

Visitors and guardians im-

Kwered to rrowr money.

Visitors and guardians to he incorporated.

Their name.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

[17S2. chial and parliamentary taxes, except such taxes, and to such amount, as they were assessed at the time they were first taken and applied for the purposes of this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such buildings shall be agreed to be erected, repaired, or fitted up, at the expence of the parish, township, or place, or parishes, town-ships, or places, which shall adopt the provisions of this act as aforesaid, the expences thereof, and of the purchase of the land necessary to be used for that purpose, shall be paid by the guardians of the poor of such parish, township, or place,^ or of the parishes, town ships, and places, where they shall unite for thos* purposes, in the proportions to be settled and adjusted by the persons, and in the manner, directed by the agreement to be made as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the visitor and guardian of the poor of any such parish, township, or place, when such expences, *>r their proportion thereof, shall amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, to borrow the fame at interest, and (ecure such money by a charge upon the poor’s rates of such parish, township, or place, in sums not exceeding fifty pounds each, for the greater ease in discharging the fame, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XI, or to that or the like effi c&; which charge shall continue upon the said rates until the money so borrowed, and all interest for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied: and the said guardians and their successors shall, and they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the interest of such money so to be borrowed, for the use of their respective parishes or townships, as the same shall become due; and that when the principal shall be called for, they may borrow it from some other person or persons; and the same shall be secured to the person advancing the fame, by an assignment of such security indorsed on the bank thereof, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XIV, or to that or the like effect: and that the poor’s assessments shall continue at the fame rate they were when such poor house was first established under the authority of this act, until the debt so contracted, and the interest thereof, shall be fully discharged: and that the said visitor and guardian, in order to expedite such payments, shall, as soon as the savings in the poor's accounts shall amount to a sum sufficient to pay off and discharge one of the sums which shall have been borrowed, pay off and discharge such sum, and in like manner as to all succceding savings, until the whole debt so contracted and secured shall be discharged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, Th^ the visitor and guardian for the time being of every parish, township, and place, or of the several parishes, townships, and places which shall be (b united as aforesaid, from and after they shall respectively have adopted the provisions of this act, shall be, and are hereby respectively declared to be one body politick and corporate, and be called by the name of Visitor, or, Visitors and

Guardians, of the Poor for the Parish, or Place of

in the County, &cc, of or, of the united

o Partfiety

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

Parishes, Townships, or Places of and

in the County, &c. of is the case shall be; and are hereby authorized and enabled by that name to sue and be sued, and to accept, take, and hold, by purchase or lease, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable on the dea'th of any life or lives, not exceeding in any city or town one acre, and not exceeding in the open country twenty acres of statute measure, for the fcite of a house or houses to be built, and for lands to be occupied, for the purposes of this a; and the said corporation is also hereby authorized and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary grants and donations of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable on lives, or of personal property, which shall be made to them for the use and benefit of the poor within such respective parishes, townships, or places.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Incapacitated

jawful for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corpora- Person»^nations aggregate or foie, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees ^n^ds^c, in trust, committees, executors, administrators, and all other

trustees whatsoever, not only for and on betfalf of themselves,

their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestuique trusts, whether infants, issue unborn, lunaticks,*ideots, femes-covert, or other person or persons, and to and for all femes-covert, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interestT ed in their own right, and to and for every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or rented for the purposes of this act, to contrail for, fell, and convey, or lease the fame, or any part thereof, in manner aforesaid, not exceeding the quantity aforesaid, unto the said visitor and guardians, their successors and assigns, or to such person or persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within such parishes, townships, and places respect lively, and for all other the purposes of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money Money paid which are to be paid to any bodies politick, corporate,or colie- £?r^ giate, corporations aggregate os foie, feoffees in trust, executors, out intbepur-administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other tru- ch^fe of other flees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infant, lunatick, idiot, lands, &c. to feme-covert, or other cestuique trust, or to any person or persons settled whose lands arc limited in strict settlement, for the purchase of the ame u tu any lands or buildings as aforesaid, shall, in case the fame exceed the sum of twenty pounds, by such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in

trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, of other trustees, person or persons seised of lands or buildings so limited in ftrhft settlement, be laid out,- as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-Ample, and conveyed to or to the use of

M 3 such

iff® Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations ag«

' gregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, bid-bands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or to and for such other person or persons, and for such estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands for or in respect whereof such purchase money shall be so paid as aforesaid were limited, set-tied, and assured, at the time such purchase was made, or fe many of such uses as shall be then exiting, and capable of taking effect; such purchases and settlements to be made at tbs expence of the respective parish, or of the several parities fe uniting, in the proportions aforementioned, and charged by the respective guardians of such parishes, together with the purchase money, in their accounts; and in the mean time, and until feck purchase or purchases shall be made, the said money shall be placed out by such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees^ person or persons, in some of the publick funds, or on government or real security, in the name of two or more persons, the one to be named by the party or parties interested therein, and the other by the guardian, if it respects a single parish only, and by the visitor, if it respects several parishes, town ships, or places, so united as aforesaid; and the interest arising and to be produced from such funds or securities, and also the annual rent, where the said premises shall be rented, shall be paid to feck person or persons respectively as would, for the time being, be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands or buildings so to be purchased and settled, porfuint to the tenor and true meaning of this act.

poor to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the poor persone maintained at who shall be sent to every such house, by virtue and under the expcMeof authority of this act, shall be maintained therein at the general the respectivp expence of the respective parishes, townships, and places, fe panics. adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, according to the terms, and in the proportions, directed and prescribed by this act; and that the treasurer, with the assistance of the^ governor of every such house, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall provide all fit and necessary provisions fos the maintenance of such poor. Guardians to and keep an account thereof; and that there shall be a meeting meet monthly, of the guardians of the poor of every such parish, township, and place, at such house or houses, on the first Monday in every month, at the hour of ten in the forenoon, or on such other day and hour, in the first week of every month, as the said guardians shall at their first meeting appoint, to date, examine, insped, Treasurer, at and adjust the accounts for the preceding month; and that at each meeting, such meeting, the said treasurer shall produce, fairly written, accoumof one account of the debt incurred in the preceding month, for debt incurred utensils and materials for the purpose of manufacture, and for for utensils, furniture, alterations, or repairs of the buildings, and alfe for (mnitpre; 5tc. she fakry or allowance to the governor or treasurer, and fer-

vant*

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. i

wits (if any), in which account the rent of such house or houses, buildings, and premises, if the same shall be rented, shall be charged in the month next after such rent shall become due, according to the terms of the agreement for taking the fame i which account, when settled and agreed to, shall be signed by the said guardians attending such meeting: and the sums to be paid by each of such parishes, townships, and places, on that aceoiiot, shall be settled and adjusted at such meeting, in pro* portion to the sums paid by each such parishes, town ships, and places, on account of their poor, on a medium of three years next preceding the date of such agreement, (to be settlea and ascertained at such first monthly meeting, in the manner to be specified by the said agreement so to be entered into for uniting as aforesaid, and according to the mode or form, and tables contained or referred to in the said schedule, No. XV), and in like manner, and in the like proportions, at every succeeding monthly meeting; and the money shall be then, or within one week, after, paid into the hands of the said treasurer, to be by him applied in discharge of the several articles and debts con-tamed in such account: and the said treasurer shall also at the *nd also an lame time produce, fairly written, one other account, of the ?5c?K|t °£ vi&uais, beer, firing, and other necessaries, for the use and &c.Vfed maintenance of the poor, and of the governor, at such house or in the poor houses, and all other incidental expences; which shall be then house. accounted for, and proportioned by the said guardians according to the number of persons which shall have been sent from each of the said respective parishes, town ships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided in such house or houses, within such month, according to the mode or form, and table* and in the manner, for that purpose also mentioned in the said schedule. No. XVI; and the sum due firom each parish, town-ship, or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account* which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the visitor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him if he shall approve thereof$ and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective sums so proportioned to be paid in respect of way.such parish, township, or place, for seven days after the fame Hull be (o settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, at dull and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said lefoective sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by distress and fate of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parish, township, or place, making such default; and at the end of every year the account shall be finally doled, and the balances paid and received, according to the mode prescribed by the said schedule, No. XVI.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the churchwarden or Penalty on oveefeer of the poor of any parish, township, or place, who shall f, I t" dclivw hav<the custotjy of the poor’s rates, assessments, or accounts, Up poor's

M 4 for rates, fee*

i6B

after proper demand.

Penalty on

guardians who shall ne

Waste land adjoining to poor houses may be inclosed, with

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

[178a;

for such parish, township, or place, shall, and is hereby required to produce the same to the perfects who shall be nominated, in the agreement contained in the said schetjule for uniting parishes, on every request made by them for that purpose, after four days* notice thereof, in order to enable them to ascertain the expences relative to the poor, on a medium of three years, according to the directions, true ipt?nt, and meaning of this act, or in default thereof shall forfeit tbs sum of five pounds for every fuph refusal or neglect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt

gle& to attend kid provision as aforesaid, shall not attend each monthly monthly -meeting hereby directed to be holden, or fend some substantial meetings. inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, to attend and an* fwer the payments for him, in case he shall be prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable accident, from attending in person, the guardian for every such parish, township, and place, making such default, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to en* courage the salutary and benevolent purposes of this act, and to afford better accommodations for the poor at such poor houses, it shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where

consent of the any such poor house shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to lord of the be erected, to inclose from any waffe or common land or ground manor, c. lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, signified under their hands and seals, any part or portion of such waffe or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upo*n, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this act.

Persons Cent

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person or to poor houses persons, to be sent to any house or houses to be provided under to deliver an tfoe authority of this act, shall, at the time of his or her entering such house, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the governor thereof, or to his afliffant, if any, an order, signed by pne of the guardians o( the poor of the parish, township, or place, from which such person (frail come, for the admirfion of such person or persons, in the form or to the e£fe& contained in the said schedule, No. XII; which order shall be carefully kept by the governor, and entered by him in a boob to be provided for that purpose.

XXIX. And, to render the of this act more practicable and

beneficial,be it further enacted, That no person shall be sent to such poor house or houses, except such as are become indigent by old age, sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance by their labour; and except such orphan childrenas

shall order signed by a guardian.

What persons may be lent to the poor houses.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. a 83. viiip

shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the viiitor; and except such children as shall necessarily go with their mothers thither for sustenance.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all infant children of How poor tender years, and who, from accident or misfortune, shall be- children are come chargeable to the parish or place to which they belong, J°bepro?ide4 may either be lent to such poor house as aforesaid, or be placed>or*

by the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor, with some reputable person or persons in or near the parish, township, or place, to which they belong, at such weekly allowance as shall be agreed upon between the parish officers and such person or persons with the approbation of the visitor, until such child or children shall be of sufficient age to be put into service, or bound apprentice to husbandry, or some trade or occupation; and a list of the names of every child so placed out, and by whom and where kept, shall be given to the visitor; who shall fee that they are properly treated, or cause them to be removed, and placed under the care of some other person or persons, if he finds just cause so to do; and when every such child shall attain such age, he or she shall be so placed out, at the expence of the parish, township, or place, to which he or she shall belong, according to the laws in being: provided nevertheless. That if the parents or relations of atiy poor child sent to such house, or so placed out as aforesaid, or any other responsible person, shall desire to receive and provide for any such poor child or children, and signify the same to the guardians at their monthly meeting, the guardians shall, and are hereby required to dismiss, or cause to be dismissed, such child or children -from the poor house, or from the care of such person or persons as aforesaid, and deliver him, her, or them, to the parent, relation, or other person so applying as aforesaid: provided also. That nothing herein contained mall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of seven years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all idle or disorderly x<jic personv, persons, who are able, but unwilling, td work or maintain them- whonegledfc* (elves and their families, shall be prosecuted by the guardians of to provide for the poor of the several parishes, townships, and places, wherein ^e*r^fmi,e#» they reside, and punished in such manner as idle and disorderly felted £y°the persons are directed to be by the statute made in the seventeenth guardians, year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second 1

and if any guardian shall neglect to make complaint thereof* against every such person or persons, to some neighbouring justice of the peace, within ten days after it shall come to his. knowledge, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor left than twenty shillings, one moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be disposed of as the other forfeitures are herein after directed to b$ applied,

170

How guardians are to proceed relative to poor persons who cannot get employment*

Guardians to provide suitable clothing for the persons they send to the poor fcoufel.

Rules and orders contained

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

[178a;

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place, any poor person or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and he is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her strength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place, near the place of his or her nefidence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, and during the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, ap far as the fame will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expences shall be then incurred on his or her account to exhaust the fame. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to fonie justice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall enquire into the fame upon oath, and on conviction punish such offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, suitable and necessary clothing for the persons Tent by him to such poor house as aforesaid; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor or one of the guardians of every such house shall make complaint thereof to feme neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian (o making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary; and if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within ten days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to direct the governor of such poor house, or the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the fame, and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expences of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or jo-dices of the peace to levy the same, and the costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every fetch guardian so making default.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the rules, orders

and

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83* lyi

and regulations, specified and contained in the schedule here- in the febedale

yoto annexed, shall be duly observed and enforced at every poor

house or workhouse to be provided by virtue of this act, with

stich additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some

special Mlion; provided that such additions shall not be con*

tradidory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by

this id, and provided that the fame be not repealed by the ju*

dices at their quarter sessions of the peace; and for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attend*

ed to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible

characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such

house or houses.

XXXV. And whereas, by the said act of the ninth King George the First4directions are given touching the application to be

nude by poor per fans, and the manner in which they are to be relieved, by orders from justices of the peace; but,' front a want of proper dejeriptiens of the poor, who are to be the objects of such relief, from

0 wont of proper accommodations in many pari/bes, townships, and places, and from a want of the means ef enforcing the orders of the jeftites for such relief, the said act hath net had its preper effect, and the poor have been frequently reduced to bardships and distrejjts: for justices, on remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be complaint lawful for any justice of the peace, on complaint made upon tlutJW oath, by or on the behalf of any poor person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application to any made to him, hath refused such poor person proper relief, and person, may after enquiring into the condition and circumstance of such poor direct such person upon Oath, cither to order him or her, by writing under EldtSToSim-the hand of such justice, some weekly or other relief, or direct piainanttothe such guardian to fend such poor person to the poor house, in poor house, case be or (he shall appear a fit.object to be kept and provided (or there, according to the true intent and construction of this act 3 which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before such justice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same; (and every person receiving weekly relief shall wear the badge directed by the act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King Wjftmthe Third, unless directed otherwise by a justice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour)} or if it feail appear to such justice, that the person so complaining, or oq wfiofe behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such justice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the fame, he shall, for evei such refaJal or neglect, forfeit the sum of five pounds; or if it shall If the justice appear to such justice, that the person making such complaint, G*11 that & qq vbofe behalf such complaint is made, U an idle or difor* a,t is ITidle

derly perfeojhemay

*7*

commit him to the house of correction.

Guardian not to be sum-snoned before the justice, tmleft the complainant shall have applied both to ' the guardian and visitor.

Application of penalties inili&ed on guardians.

Directions relative to such poor persons who shall be affliCled with sickness,&c. when at a oirtance from their parish.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

derly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the justice, after examining such person, and hearing the whole circutnstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; or if it shall appear to such justice, upon enquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person malting complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly person, able to work, but by his neglect of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in alehouses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffersthem to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such juflico of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor wotnan, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any complaint or application shall be made to a justice of the peace, for the relief of any poor person, within any parifl), township, or place, for which a visitor shall be appointed, such justice shall not summon the guardian to appear before him, unless application shall have been first made, by the person so complaining, to the guardian, and, if he refuses redrcls, to the visitor, (it being part of his duty to adjust matters of that fort), who shall order relief if he thinks it necessary, either within or out of the poor house, as he shall judge right; but if diffident relief shall not be so given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such justice in the manner herein-before directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the penalty hereby inflicted upon the guardian for disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace who shall convict such offender shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be dispof* cd of.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any poor person shall be retarded on his or her passage through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal fctde-ment, by reaion of his or her meeting with any accident, or being afflicted with any dangerous sickness or bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her settlement, the guardian living near the place where such distrefiTed objtrdt shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and assistance (and also cloathing if necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be in a date of health fit to be

removed,

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.' 173

removed, shall fake such person to Tome neighbouring justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was found, who shall examine him or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for /uch person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expences attending the fame, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township or place, where such poor person shall be settled, in case*the fame can be discovered, and shall happen to be within that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid, or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after due summons, by warrant from a justice of peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person circumstanced as aforesaid shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or place, where he or she so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expences attending the fame respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that county; but in case the settlement of such poor

persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county, the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was £0 relieved, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or publick money to be collected within hisr* limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not to titer contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or settlement affect the settlement of any person or persons whomsoever, or to give any illegitimate child, who may be born in any poor house or workhouse established under the authority of this a eft, a settlement in the parish or place in which such workhouse or poor house shall be situated, (but every such child shall be considered as settled in the parish or place to which the mother belongs), or to alter or affect any of the provisions, directions, rules, orders, or regulations, established by any act or acts of parliament for the management and government of any particular house of industry, or workhouse, in any part of this kingdom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

any poor Louie.

174 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8$.

[1782.

Penalty on

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any poor persons, bezzl ^ent to house or houses, shall embezzle or

or^raite wilfully waste any of the goods of materials committed to his or goods, &c. her care, or shall take or carry away, without permiflxon of the committed to governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of (boh their care in house, or belonging to any person redding the re, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of peace living near such house; who shall hear the fame, and the party accu?ed; and such justice is hereby authorized, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

XLI. And whereat it frequently,happens that poor, preg-

nant women, or poor persons with, or some bodily infirmity, are enticed, taken9 or conveyed by parish or other persons, from one parish or place to, without any legal order

of removal, in order to ease the one parish or, and to bttrtbm

the other with such poor persons: for remedy whereof, be it fe* ther enacted, That when any guardian, or other person or persons, shall so entice, take, convey, or remove, or cause or pro* cure to be so enticed, taken, conveyed, or removed, any nch poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the providons of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence; forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds.

XLII. And be it further eftalted, That if any victor, guardian, or governor, shall fell or furnish any materials, goods, clothes, viltuals, or providons, or do any work in his trade or*, who tball for the use of any workhouse, poor house, or poor persons, with-furnish pro- in any parish, town ship, or place, for which he shall be so appointed to alt, or be concerned in trade or interest with any person or persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish tbt -fame, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, on being duty convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor of any parish, town ship, or place, which shall adopt the providons of this act, with the

Penalty on

enticing or removing pregnant women, &c. from one pari (h to another, without an order from two justices. Penalty on visitors, guardians, and govern*

vi(ions, See. for the poor house to which they belong.

?2C.

Guardians,

with the approbation of

enf,^ykfcU* approbation of the persons, within such parish, township, houses provided by the parish for the poor thereof.

place, qualified as herein-before mentioned, obtained at a publick meeting held for that purpose, to sell or dispose of aaf house, cottage, or building, which shall have been erelted or purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expence of such parilti, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom for the purposes of this act; and also *oremove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the per* /on or persons who shall inhabit the fame, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of such parish,

township,

V

*75

17H2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. $3.

township, or place, if he, she, or they refuse to quit, after receiving fourteen days notice for that purpose.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That This id not nothing in this a dcontained shall extend to ©raffed, or be *° extend to deemed, construed, or adjudged to extend to or affect, any pa- stall ri(h, township, or place, which shall not agree to adopt the not adopt the provisions herein contained, in the manner hereby directed and provisions prescribed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereofthereo* notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties and by this act shall be recovered before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the jurisdiction where the offender dwells^ covered a®ST who shall, upon conviction, in default of payment, after due applied. Summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied, by did refs and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peapp having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges such distress and sale shall be denuded; and in case fumcient distress shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice of the peace to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to re* main, without bail or mainprise, for any (pace not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; and that every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby otherwise directed to be disposed of, shall be paid to the treasurer of every such house or houses, where any such shall be estabtished undef the authority of this act, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of yiduals, beer, firing, and othcf necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any person aggrieve Persons aged by the ad of any justice or justices of the peace out of fef« |r,c.d (ions, in or concerning the execution of this act, may appeal to fef-

the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, uonsf siding, liberty, division, precind, or district, wherein such ad was done, giving eight days notice thereof to the party again!! whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognisance, to be acknowledged before a justice the peaces with a sufficient surety, to pay the costs attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined again!! the appellant; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorized to hear and determine such appeal, and to award costs, for or again!! the appellant, as they shall see just cause so to do; which determination shall be final, and shall not be removed by certiorari, be final.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall bep ~ deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without Specially pleading the same*

S C HE-

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

8 ,d ft E D 0 L Bj

Containing the Forms of Proceedings deferred to by lie aforesaid Act.

No. L

FORM of AGREEMENT at a publick meeting, for a iingld parish or township to adopt the provisions, rules, and regulations, of an act, made in the twenty-second year of the Third, for the better relief employment of the poor,

IT is agreed, at a publick meeting duly holden this day if

at in the county of pursuant to the

reftions of an act, made in the tweyear of King Georgs the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor,

%bat the parish [or township] of [as the case shall be]

shall from henceforth adopt, in all r the provisions, rules, -

ders, and regulations, and comply with all the the said act; and that our workhouse [if there is one] shall be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the purposes mentioned in the said act. [If there is none] We will forthwith provide a proper workhouse, either by erecting a new one, or hiring, altering, anl fitting up buildings Juitable to the purpose, at some convenient place within our parish, &c. And we recommend to the consideration of the justices and as fit and proper persons for

guardians of the poor; and and

as fit and proper persons for governors of the poor for the said

parish, township, &c, [as the case shall be].

Given under our hands,

No. II.

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the justices.

WE A.B. and C.D. esquires, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, &c. of [as

the case shall be] considering the parish or lAc, of

within the said county, (Ac, to be of magnitude sufficient to have a workhouse provided within it for the reception and employment of the poor, and to adopt the of the act (Tor

the better relief and employment of the poor) passed twenty second year of the reign of King George the Third, do hereby give our approbation and confenithereto, pursuant to the of the said act; and we do affo agree to the Salaries fixed by the said mint to be paid to the guardian and governor*

Given under our hands, this day of

No.

Anno viciefimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83-

No.

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the publick meeting* for two or more parishes, town ships* or places, to unite in adopting the provisions of the act, made in the twenty-second year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of

- the poor*

IT is agreed, at a publick meeting duly held this day of at in the county of

pursuani to the dlredions of the said That the [or town*

/hip] of [as the case shall be] from

in conjunction with the parishes or townships of and [as the case shall be] adopt in all respects the

provisons, rules, orders, and regula, and comply with all the

requisites prescribed by the said act for parishes uniting for those -

poses i and that a convenient workhouse, and other buildings and necessary convtniencies, shall be immediately provided at or near deed properly fitted up and accomtnodatel for the purpofts mentioned in the said act: and we recommend to the consideration of the justices of the limit wherein such workhouse will be fit u ate, A.B., C. D., and E. F-, as fit and proper persons qualified for guardians of the poor; and G. H., i. K., and L. M., as fit persons to be governors of the poor house for the find parish [or, township, as the case shall be]; and do agree to allow the person who shall be appointed guardian a fahry of per annum for his trouble in executing

that office', and to the person who shall be appointed governor of the poor house a salary of for his trouble in executing

that office.

No. IV.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the parishes [or, town-ships, as the case shall be] of A.B. C, and D, for the purpose of providing a house or houses, and the better maintaining and employing their poor, pqrfuant to the statute of the twenty-second year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed, this day of by and

between the guardians of the poor of the parishes of and and of the townships of

and in the county of (which

maintain their own poor separate and distinct from the other parts of thetr respective parishes) whose names are hereunto subscribed, foam to the opinion of two third parts, in number and value as -said, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, and her edit a* moots, assessod to the poor's rates within such parifljes and

townships, at meetings duly held for that purpose, qualified according to the directions of the adpojftd in the twenty-second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, and with the approbation of A.B. and C.D. two justices of the peace, according to the directions oft he said act KThat the said respect parishes and townships shall

i^njip vtccfim© feomdo Gbokou III. o. 8$> [tjla.

be united for the better maintaining and employing their poor-, and that a convenient house or houses, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, and with land ft for, and the

keeping of a cow or cows, shall be built, or £/>«/, a

shall be found mod suitable] at or near for the

reception and accommodation of the poor, as fion as conveniently may be, and if hired, the same shall be rented upon such terms as shall be agreed upon between the guardians of the poor of the said feuerpl parishes and townships, or the major part of them, and the Person at

persons owning or being authorized to let such buildings, tanas, and premises \ but no such agreement shall be made for a longer term than twenty-one years, unle/s the guardian or guardians have an tion to vacate it at the end of that term, on giving twelve months notice in writing of his or their intentions so to do, nor term than three years; and such houses shall be fitted and, mode

convenient for the purposes aforesaid, at the expence of the [or tenants, as shall be agreed between them]: that the rents of

fbe said houses, the expences of fitting up, making additions or alts* rations, [where they shall be agreed to be paid by the tenants], and of the furniture thereof, and alJo the utensils and materials to be used for the purpose of employing the poor, and the wages and allowances to he paid to the governor of the house, shall be paid by the said everal guardians in their due proportions, according the amount of the money raised by the poor's rates for their several parishes and townships, in respeil of their poor, on a medium of three years preceding such agreement; and that such proportion shall be ascertained by and whom we have nomi-

nated for that purpose, and shall be paid by the guardians of the poor of the said respective parishes and townships, to the person who shall be authorized to receive the same, within Jseven days after the same shall be so ascertained; and that the money earned by the labour of such poor shall be brought to the credit of that account at the end of avery year: that the expences of victuals, beer, and firing, for the poor and the governor, [ and for the assistants, when any shall be found necessary] in every such house or houfis, with all other small incidental expences, shall be proportioned,at the end of every month, according to the number of poor which shall be sent from each of the said respective parishes, townships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided there within such month: that the guardians ef tie poor of any of the said parishes, townships, or places, shall be at liberty to withdraw from this agreement at the end of the first three years, or any succeeding three years, on giving twelve months notice of such their intention, if it shall be so determined by three fourth parts of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

cjfejfed to the poor's rates, and qualified as aforesaid, at a meeting, summoned by due notice as specifying the occafien

of such meeting $ and in such case, they shall receive one half of their due proportion, to be ascertained by the persons above named, or such other persons as the parties shall agree upon for that purpose of tbt Value of the furniture, flock, utmfils, and implements, then remain-

ing at such gyr byfe, offer paying their (repot non of the rent, and

Iff*.) Aimq vtceffmo secundo Georgii III. c. 83.

of tbi fidaries iethe governor and other to the end of the then

growing year: and that the guardians of the poor of each parish, temjbtp, and plate, Shalt provide and convenient

for the poor, to be sent to the said h or from their

txvt banjhes, townships, or places, and charge the thereof in their accounts. And we recommend to the the limit

ioben sith house is to be filuatedy A.B., C. and E. F., as fcrfons duty qualified for the office of visitor of the said poor end I. K., L. M., and N. O., at duty qualified fir the -

fee of governor of the said poor house.

We, A.B. and C.D. the justices of peace

tioneetset the within-written do

hereby give our approbation to the parijtes and places herein named being united for the > formes of the act within mentioned,

Witntjs our hands, this day

of J

No. V.

FORM of ENTRY-to be made by the clerk of the peace or town clerk.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

A.B. depositedin my hands a copy of the agreement made between the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the Ummfinps of and [as the oftfe

shall be] in the county,(Ac. [as the case shall be] of for uniting in biting, purchasing, or building houses, at or near

in the said c(Ac. and providing for the

maintenance and employment of a certain of poor persons

belonging to the said parishes, townjhipand places, pursuant to the

statute made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his majesty King George thaThird,

No. VI.

FORM of a NOTICE for the meeting.

NOTICE is hereby given. That a to consult

the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fed after the rate of five pounds per annum, about hiring, 'ptft-ig, or building [as the case shall be] a house or houses, and ingfor the maintenance and employment of the poor, pursuant the statute of the twenty-second year of George the Third, will be Bddat the day of of

in the forenoon.

v».

No. VII.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a guardiaAv

TI7 E and C.D. two of bir Majesty for

clfV the county of

a fling for the hundred, (sic. N 2 of

« -

179

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

f in the said do hereby appoint £. F,

of, to execute the office of guardian of the poor for the parish, lit. of within the said hundred, tic,

for one year, to be computed from to which be

has been recommended at a publick meeting bolden the day of pursuant tq the of the

in the twentysecond year of the reign of his psojejiy lung George IIe

Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Given under our bands, this day of

[The like form for visitor, only varying the defcHption of the office, and when appointed for united parishes, See, name them.]

[The like form for appointing a governor and treasurer, only varying that of a treasurer, by adding, to which he has been recommended by the .]

No. VIII.

FORM of a DRAFT by the guardian on the churchwarden or overseer appointed to collect the poor’s rates.

To A.B.collector of the poor’s rates of the parish [or township]

of [as the case shall be.]

YOU are hereby authorized and directed to pay to C.D. the sum of ' for [here describe the occasion of the

payment, whether for house rent, cloathing, or for weekly relief of poor persons, lie. He. as the case shall be] and take his receipt for the fame, which wifi be your discharge for fab payment. Dated this day of

E. F.

Guardian of the poor for the parish [or township]

No. IX.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a deputy visitor.

I A.B. visitor of the poor and poor house for the township,

&c. of [or for the united parishes,

township s, &c. of and ] in

the county of do hereby nominate and appoint C. D.

to he my deputy visitor and assistant,during my will and pleofurt, pursuant to the power given to me by an act, in the twenty;

second year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, ( -

tuled. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), and authorize him to discharge the duty required of him by the said act,

Witness my band,this day of

Not

17*.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

No. X.

FORM of certificate of serving the office of visitor.

1A.B. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the

[as the case shall be] of do hereby certify.

That C.D. of the said county, hath been

appointed to, and is now serving, the office visitor of the poor for the parish or township of [o the parishes

and townships of ] in the said [as

the case shall be] pursuant to the direction of the act passed in the twentysecond year of the reign of his majesty King George the

Dated this day of

No. XL

FORM of SECURITY for money borrowed.

BY virtue of an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the ( An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), A.B. and C.D. guardian of the poor, for the farish [or township, as the case shall be] of E, in the county, fcfr. of in

confederation of the sum of to us in hand paid by

for the of purchasing, building,

erecting, repairing, fitting up, or £3 [as the case

shall be] a convenient house, buildings, and offices, for the -tion, accommodation, and employment of the poor of the said parish or

township, and for providing suitable flock and utensils for that purpose, do hereby charge the poofs rates to be hereafter made, and the several sums of money to be raised thereupon, within the said parish £or township, as the case shall be] with the payment of the principal sum, and interest after the rate of per

Centum per annum, half-yearly, as the become

No. XII.

FORM of ORDER for admiflkm of paupers.

To the governor of the poor house at E.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive A.B. [describe his or her age, and whether married or finglej a poor person belonging to the parish [or township, as the case shall be] of in the county of D. into the poor house at E.

and to accommodate and provide for such person in a proper manner, according to the rules and establishment of the said house.

Given under my hand, this day of

- H.

Visitor, [or guardian* as the case shall be.}

»3

No,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii IIIf c. 8j.

[1782* No. XIII.

FORM of the JUSTICE’S direction to excuse the badge.

1A.B. a justice of peace for the county [riding, &c» as

the case Aatl be] of having received prxf

upon oath before me, that C.D. a poor persons receiving weekly lieffrom the parish [towH/hip,&c. as the case shall be] of

in the county, &c. of is a of very

decent and orderly behaviour, do hereby dire ft the guardian for over-Jeer, if no guardian] of the poor for the Parish, &c. to omit putting the badge upon the coat [or gown, if a female] of the said C.D. and to excuse his [or her] wearing the fame, as long as be [or Jbe] shall continue to behave orderly and

Dated this day of

No, XIV.

FORM of the transfer of the security for the money advanqpL

T Do transfer this security, with all my right and title to the pnaa

JL cipal money hereby fetured, and to all the now, or

hereafter to be due, unto C.D. his executors, admmi/irotors, and qffigns. Dated this

Witness, E.F.

No. XV.

MODE of adjusting the first account mentioned in the respecting utensils, materials, furniture, rent, &c.

LET it be suppoftd that the tmnships of A.B. C.

and D. have agreed tv be united under the authority of the act, Ofid that E. and F. are the persons named in the agreement at arki-trahrs, or referees, to settle and adjust the proportions which parifo or place is to pay.

It will be necessary for E. and F. at their first meeting, to callup-on the officers of every such parish, or place, for their offeff

mints and accounts, in order to Jte what they have paid to thett poor, on a medium of three years preceding the agreement 5 required

by the act to produce them, under a penalty for

' When the arbitrators have got theft materials, it will be neceftry to fefara{e, and dedal? every matter which don not relate to the poors far instance, money paid to the county rates, or for the expends of the couflabU, headbsrough, vr militia, which ore all now included in the

poofs rates; and, ps feme of theft parches may have had occasioned by litigations about settlements and removals, and others^ may.

not, they should exclude all such expends in the account*

When the accounts have been Jo and examined, and the

tropen dtdftgmmade, they may appear:

that

l s

1781.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 93.

- 65 7 6

for the second year - 87 2 0

for the third year - 105 o o

Making together 257 9 6

A third part of which sum (being A/s medwill be 85 16 6

Let B.*s payments be calculated in the fame

w6rr6 ipwj supposed to amount, on the medium of three years, to - - - no o o

C/l ditto, to - 97 00

to - - - 140 o o

7%r /efti/ amount of the annual payments will be 432 16 6

Suppofi the month's expences paid by the several parishes under the above beads, according to the directions of the act, should amount to £. 300, the question will be. Iff* 432:16:6, (the total medium

of ad the parishes), require £. 200, what will 85: 16: 6 require? IVhen that shall be worked by the rule of three, multiplying the third number by the second, and dividing it when so multiplied by tte'Jfrft, the answtr Will be,

fbat A/s proportion amounts to * 59 9 5

proportion,when worked in the same manner, will be - 76 5 o

C.'s ditto - 67 4 7

D/s ditto - - - 97 1 o

Making together the whole sum expended - 300 o o

Whin theft mediumfums shall be settled and proportioned at their

first meeting, there will be no otcafton to repeat that trouble afterwards, as the first sum will be the fame on all future calculations; and to prevent trouble in adjusting'ibe proportions at every monthly meeting, at every poor house, Toon after the first medium proportions shall be so ascertained, there joallbe a table calculating the

portions of each parish, township, or place, to any given sum, from thejmllejl to the greatest, that is likely to be expended in that district withm the month *, winch will make every account clear and to the meanest undemanding, and will be liquidated in an

No. XVI.

Mode of adjusting the second account mentioned in the adfr, respecting the victuals, beer, firings and other necessaries.

AS soon as the agreement is made for uniting several y &e;

the guardians shall meet and consider what witl be a proper wnty sum to be paid into the hands of the treasurer for evhry perfim Emitted into the poor hdufe, estimating it as near as they can to' the FMlc expend of maintaining the m* the g pap to the

N 4 treasurer

Anno vicesimo feoindo GeoR0H HI. $3. [i 78a.

treasurery at every montblymeeungy due

ferjorty upon that calculation, for the time he bat been kept there

the month preceding; and, in order to avoid'fractions, if any perfam

/ball have been there four days, or morty any of the weeks, it should be considered as a full week, and if less than four tea

fbarge should be made for it: that%in order to avoid difficulties in

adjusting the account, a table should be, in like manner at.

before^ and fixed up in the house, with proper columns for

of persons, t be number of weeksy and the total according tn the weekly sum Jo agreed upon'*, by which that account will likewise ha settled without the leaf trouble or difficulty*

, The severalmonthly Jams paid by eac cn.this account*

and also the grofi sums, should be entered in the treasurer's books % and at the end of the ye it it should be computed whether the payment* bytbe everal parishes have, amounted to morty or lefty fiamr a

expended; if to more, the guardian of each parish should receive, to less, he should pay his proportion thereof to the treasurer, to be tom* 11 puted according to the first account, as directed by the obi* '

RULES, ORDERS, BYELAWS, and REGULATIONS^ to be Observed and enforced at'every POOR HOUSE to be provided and established under the authority of the a of the twenty-second year of King George the Third.

First. p H AT the several persons who shall be to any fitcb

A poor house, who are capable of doing any shall be employed by the governor in /'melabour which may be to

their firength and capacity.

Secortd. That the governor shall take particular care to keep the said house, and the several apartments and also the several

persons who shall inhabit the famey (lean and wholesome.\ and for purpose he shall employ such of the said poor persons who shall be feat thither, whom be shall think mofi able and befi qualified for the office*, to ajffifi him therein, and also in the providing and dr effing vUtuah for the use of such poor persons; and if any such poor rr*

jufe or neglect to perform the work or labour in which he or /be shall be Jo employedy or shall be directed to do by the, every Jutb

person shall be punished by confinement, or alteration of, infutb

manner as the governor shall direct; and for a offence of the

life forty complaint thereof be t made to fomt justice of the peace for the limit, whoy on conviction^ shall commit such person to \hg

‘house of correction for any time not two calendar months,

nor less than one calendar month.

Third. That the apartments in the house to be provided

as aforesaid, shall be adapted so as to accommodate the poor spoo shall be sent thither in the befi manner they — That the go*

vernor shall place in the befi apartments such poor persons who, having fen creditable housekeepers>are reduced by misfortuney in preference

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8$*'

ftrtmu to tboft who are become poor and that

separatt apartments shall be provided for the reception of the and tempered poory and an apothecary or surgeon to be sent for to attend them when tbtre shall appear necessity for, at the expenu of the parish or place to which /tub poor per font belong.

Fourth. That fttch poor persons who are able be

called up by ring of bell, and set to work by fix in the morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to Lady-day \ and continue until four in the afternoon from Michaelmas to Lady-day, and from Lady-day to Michaelmas till fix in the afternoon (meal times and times for reasonable recreation ed); and if any such poor person shall refuse or ntgltCl to do work as shall be allotted him or bery or wilfully spoil the or depart from such house without leave from the, or shall be

guilty of any diford& or difibedience to' these rules and the governor shall reprove such person for the and punish bim or her by confinement or alteration of, as the said governor shall think fit j and if such person shall be guilty of the like offence a fe-condtimey the governor shall complain thereof to house, who if hereby authorized to order the pwishment of confine-

ment to be increased to such degree as be shall think fit.

Fifth. That the governor shall enter in a book to be kept by him% an aeeount of the household goods, li provided for tie said house \ and also an account of the materials bought far manufacture, and of the goods manufactured there; which shall

ha laid before the guardians at their monthly meetings and before the vtfitor whenever he comes to such house.

Sixth. That the governor shall visit maintained

in fiuh house or boufesy and their j, once in every

day\ and shall take care that there is no of, or

provisions; and shall fee that the fires and candles are put out at the hours fixed for such persons going to which shall be at eight of the dock between Michaelmas and Lady-day, and nine between Lady-day and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any person shall die in the house, the governor shall take care that the body of such person be immediately removed into fame fiporate apartment, and be decently, as soon as conveniently

may be5 and also take tare of the deaths and goods of such and deliver them to the guardian of the poor of the parish or place /f which such person did belongs who is to pay tie charges of the funeral of such poor person*

Eighth. That no poor person be permitted to go out of the poor house, nor any person permitted to come into such house or houses y except the persons maintained and employed, without the permission of the governor; and that no spirituous liquors be permitted to be drank in such house or houses; and that no other liquors shall be brought

thither y without the permission of the said governor,

Ninth. That the rules y orders, and bye-laws shall be publickh road

by the governor to all the poyr persons kept in fmb house or, oust at leaf in every month. v

Tenth,

Abn© jSasSoflD fccuixU Gsdftoil HI; c. 84. [1781.

‘ Tenths ThetaJl the poor persons thunky JbtillMtod

Sviitt fervict every Sunday.

Eleventh. Tfat the governer JbaUJi/mi/s the peer

wrhbeufty every per fen who /baUyin the guardian

guardians, be thought improper to continue longer there, and upon to order from him Or them for that purpose.

CAP. LXXXIV7

An for better paving, cleaning, and lighting} part of the pari* at

Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, and feck part of Old Bond.street as lies within the parish of Saint James, in the raid -county? and for removing and preventing nuitancCs and aanoyA awn tttralK

Recital of % Geo. 3. c. as. y, 4, 5, 6, and 11 Geo. 3. And that the Men* eft part of the parish of Samt George was paved, whereby a debt was incurred bf more than 40,000l. Former alts, so far as they relate to Sriat George's pafitfc, and to such pArt oFOW BohdftrMt as lies in thepatifll of Samt James, (except as after-mentioned) repealed. From Jam 97ft,the power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said pari* and Breet aforesaid, vetted in the reltor, churchwardens add vestrymen for the time being; who may appoint a committee to meet yearly the tecttw Thursday in February, between* lo and % o’clock, elect a committee*

90; 0 nor of eadi ward and sot of Bond-streer. Qualification of con-snittee men S.000l. real or personal, or both together. Penalty on acting if not qualified 100l. Proceedings of the committee to be entered ia books, and may be read in evidence. Books may be lrtfpected by the Hb Mr, chnrehwardens and vestrymen, or their clerk. Committee toflrfefM 14 days after they are chosen, and after as often as they fhsdl think fit, am three to be a quorum; and if no adjournment, to be eight days notice erf the next meeting. Committee to pay their expences. No act to be rand onJeft made at meetings, ftc. All acts done by the major part preftfrf at Mtetmga valid. Committee may appoint officers, and allow them fala-tses. Officers M account upon oath quarterly. Penalty on default sot and an altion may be brought for the balance, and penalty in the name ef foven committee, men, or their clerk, or the balance may be levied bf distrefi. On failure of distress, offender to be committed till payment. Committee rrtly remove annoyances, and levy the expences from the owners or occupiers. Committee may make contrails for paving. Sec. AH Contrails to be made between Feb »8, and June 1. Scavenger to efto-Draft. Committee may enforce the performance of former as well as new contrails. Former contrails to continue in force, and arrears to be col*' lofted. Works to be inspected, and on nonperformance of contrails, actions may be brought for recovery of the penalties. Committee may compound with persons for breach of contrails. Inhabitants to give notice ,to the surveyors when pavements wartt repairs, who shall inspeCT the same.

If the pavements complained of are found defeltive, the committee to dt* rest the same to be repaired. Pavements, vested in the committee} mho may fell or otherwise dispose of the old material*, and may hire a piece of ground fordepositing the materials. Penalty on persons taking of dealing the materials, or breaking, or damaging the fame, subject w action or indictment; and for the first offence not more than 40 s. nor leu than 10s. for the ffccend, or other offence, not more than jl. norTeu than »os. Persons raking with iron between the floties, or iiriaring pa^ frights, to forfeit 5s. Penalties may be levied by distress, or offender committed for a month. Names of streets to be put up, and hotifes numbered. Scavengers to attend once every week, and go into houses, where duff it kept, and give notice by a ball: on negkft to forfeit 51. fj* nalty on any person carrying away cinders- or ashes, slot being the to->anger, tot. Penalty on the owner of the cart in which such cinder*

1782.] Anno vicesimo founder Georgii III. c. 84.

allies Ball be carried, its. Committee inspowtred to make rales for tfite purposes of the act 5 not exceeding 1 s. 6d. per pound on the Dated streets, and is. on the unpaved streets. The rates not to exceed former rates, although a nets valuation be made. Hanover Square may be adeiled at any fom aot exceeding »«, 6d. in the pound. For embelUfaing the garden in Hanover Square, and watering the iqiure, an additional rate there of 6d. in the pound. For preventing annoyances in Hanover Squase, by beating carpets, laying dirt, Sec. or hackney coaches Handing, or driving carriages for breaking or felting horses, or riding horses for exerdfc, to forfeit aos. Accounts relating to Old and NewxBond>streets, and Blenheim-street, to be kept separate, and the money anting in those streets to be applied therein only. Nose of the money anting in any other part of the parUb to be subject to the payment of the money due on account of Old, or New Bond-ftrtet, Blenheim* ttreet, or Stafford-street., Additional rates nay be raised in those streets. Houses hereafter to be built to be rated. Empty houses to be rated at one half the rates levied on the rest of the pvuh. Publick buildings and dead wells not to Jbe need at more than 6i ia lip pound. If the committee negfeft to make rales, the retry may do it. Commencement of the rates March 15, lyfs, payable quarterly. Tenants and occupiers of separats apartments made liable to pay the rates, and authorised to dcduft the fame out of their rents. Bates tit hoofs* of ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Bates may be toned by distress and sale of goods in five days, by warrant from two jnf-tices. Collectors impowered to collect arrears of former rates, and the application thereof directed to be in discharge of debts incurred before Jupeae, 17b. Appeal allowed to the committee, the ueftry, and the quarter feffioos, against the rates. CoUtfters to pay the money mceircd top banker, to be appointed by the committee. On death or bankruptcy ofcoBaftors, &c. rcpsefenUtives to pay money remaining In thefehaade toths banker. Banker to pay monies drawn upon him, andderkle beep amouah, which mqy be inspectod by the vestry. 6 d. in the pound of the« Btm to be applied m payment of inteseft, and in difimarging ths debt; tad the remainder, in the first place, in defraying the other expenses of tin aft, and afterward! in discharging the debt. If the fund for dtfebarg-ug the debt flmll not amount to 5001. in any year, an additional' rate, not exceeding % d. in the pound, may be lai<L Creditors to be paid off by ballot. Notice to be given te the persons whole bonds are to he paid off, t Money in the bank to be transferred to the committee, and to be applied in atiebarging the debt. The comtntifioners to account with the committee relative to the optional streets within two months after puffing the act, and to pay the balance in three months. New securities for Aims of wo I. each may be given instead of present securities for larger fume. Form of fecucity:

BY virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-second year of 1 the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the title of the act J we die reftor, churchwardens, and veftiymen of the ujd parish, do hereby assign to A.B.his executors, administrators, and *%*» in consideration of the sum of one hundred pounds by him paid to from this day of

in the year of our Lord until the

uid fom of one hundred pounds, with interest at the rate of

per annum, shall be paid, such proportion of the rates or aueffinents, to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said act, for the purpose of discharging monies doe and owing on the credit of such rates or tfsffinentt, as the said sum of one hundred pounds shall bear to the whole fan now due and owing on the credit of the fame rates or assessments.

ktwities may be transferred in the following form, via.

Y Do transfer this assignment, vpth all my right and title to the principal 2 and toterest thereby secured, unto C.D. his executors, administrators, *ou assign*. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand, this day of A- B.

Witness B, F. Bower

*T

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84. [1782.

Power to borrow money at a lower interest, to discharge securities at higher interest. Committee to state accounts to the vestry twice a year, at Lady* day and Michaelmas, or in a month after. Poor's rates may be infoected by an order from the committee. Vestrymen may prevent At panage of carriages in Maddox-street and Mill;street during divine fcrm on Sundays and holidays. Penalty on persons occasioning annoyances by carriages.in the stretts 5 s. and horses, foe. may be seized, See. Penalty on persons occasioning other annoyances, and not removing the fame, 40s, and not lese than 5 s. and materials, &c. may be seized. Penalty if ie* noyanoes are continued after notice for their removal, tos. for everyoffence. ' No boards to be erected without licence from the surveyor, who shah grant the fame on application. Hoards to be made agreeable to fee licence, under a penalty for every twelve hours aos. and not less than 5s* Materials may be seized, and-if the penalty is not paid in five days may be fold. Penalty-on lifting lime, except in the hoards, 40s. Penalty oa driving; carriages* foe. on the foot pavements, 10 s. for the first offence, 90s. for thfr second offence, and 40s. for the third, or other offence, and fur default of payment offender may be committed for ten clays, and aot kfe than three days. Scavengers not to sweep dirt into common fewer*) See.on penalty of* 10s. one moiety to the person who apprehends the offender, and non nonpayment the offfertder to be committed to hard labdur for a month, add not less thin seven days. Directing the times for emptying boghouses; and laying the foil, between twelve o'clock at night and five! in the morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day, and till four iritbe morning the ><other halt year. The offender may be committed to bard labour for mmoaeb,.ana not less than ten days, and the committee may reward: the;appmhender with not more than sos. to be paid out of the rates. If water-pipes belonging to water companies shall burff, the fame, and the pavement opened on account thereof, to be repaired by their pa* vior onnotica given. Penalty on default 51. On the burffing of water-pipes not belonging to water companies, the feme, and the pavement opened on aepoont thereof, to be vepaired, under a penalty for default 5l. Fbr relaying the pavement in a certain time after being taken up for th* purpose of amending the pipes, &c. two days after notice, and if it foils in four months to be repaired on two days notice. If no pavior to the water company, the notice to be given to their clerk. On default, oe-gktt, or retard to repair the water-pipes, and the pavement opened oa account thereof, the committee to caufd it to be done, and may recover the expence from the company, or person who shall have neglected or re-fasfed. Commissioners of fewer* to repair drains, &c. or the committee may cause the feme to be done. Expeace to be paid by commissioners of Jewers. The committee irapowered to act as commissioners of fewer*. Streets, Sec. part of which ar in Saint George's parish, and part in as adjoining partfh, to be paved, foe. as usual. Committee obtaining a ter-dict, defendant to pay treble costs. No action to abate on the death et removal of the clerk. Expences of the act to be paid out of the money anting by virtue thereof. Writings to be without stamps. Directing tbs recovery and application of penalties by distress, on warrant of two justices, and feie or goods, or in^lcfault the party may be committed to fee house of correction for two months, or till penalty paid to the banker. Inhabitants to be allowed to give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders, according to this form of conviction, vis.

7 DE it remembered. That on the <*7

j JD of in the year of the

reign of his Majesty A.B. is confined

before of his Majesty's justices of fee

peace for the said city and liberty, by virtue of aaado* parliament, made in the twenty-second year of the rfign °* his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the atf, and specify the offence* and the time and place when and where the fame was committed* as the case shall be. J

Give* under our hknds and fcals, the day end year afore

City and Li'try Weiminster,

a w.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III7 c.

Difcfe sot deemed unlawful for. want of form. Proceeding* not to be qaafaedfor want of form, ire. Plaintiff fltali not recover if sufficient a-nesdi tendered before action be brought. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Placet exempted out of this act, vie. Berkeley laoue, Grosvenor Square, and tUt streets adjoining, di reded to be paved, &c. by 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. or by 14 Geo 3. c 51 that part of Picca-July, from Ciergea-street to Hyde Park corner, and from the South end #ffarit*lane to the north end of Hertford-It reet, and all the parish of Saint George, under any turnpike ad) or which hath not been rated by the mcmal committee, (except Old Bond Street, New Bond Street, Blrti-rim Street, and part of Stafford Street) Streett, fee. belonging to pa* licet exempted. That Mr. Pitt’s honfe and court yard shall for the fugue be rated to Saint George's parish. Inhabitants charged under this act to be exempted from the office of scavenger, and the hanging out ft* and returns of annoyance jurors on account of defective pave-Bents, fee. And acts of a and 3 Wil. and Mary, and 19 Geo. a. and all fiber acts, so far as they relate to those matters, within the limit of this gft. repealed. The proportion of the salaries of the officers to the com-Btfiooera for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, from the *51(1 June oext to ceaie, and not to be charged to any other parish) but the committee under this act to pay their proportion of the commissionera ex-.peaces, for two years from the same time, so lojig at the other parHhes aft liable thereto. Limitation of actions not till after a t days notice to the tVtftry or clerk, nor after six months, and to be laid in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a publick act.

ISgr

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for the improvement of Portman Square, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Heating that the hon. William Portman, being foxed of Portman Square, diddemife the buildings, fee. to William Baker, for years which, will expire at Lady, 1X63) and by the leases a rent of 3* I- is*, id. per annum was provided for lighting, painting, and repairing the enclosed part, which having been enlarged, the said rent was not sufficient therefore. Bon, William Portman, his heirs and assigni) Peter William Baker, his executors, administrators, and assigni) and John Elwes, esquires, together with all the occupiers or inhabitants appointed trustees, who are to eet at they think proper, on seven days notice. Women inhabitants may ad as trustees by proxy of any other trustee. T1 uftees may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Three trustees to be a quorum. Pro* ceedings to be entered in a book. Power of fencing and embelliOiing the garden veiled in trustees. Nothing in the ad shall alter the inheritance of the garden. Materials Veiled in trulteea. Penalty on damaging the iron rails,lamps,fee. for the first offence 40s. and not less than 10s. for the second. or other offence, 3). and not left than 10 s. and also to make fa-tisfaffion for damages. For preventing annoyances, by laying dirt, fee. Handing with hackney coach or riding horses, fee. to forfeit sot. Rates, fee. for the several purposes of the ad twice, or oftener, every year, upon ail inhabitants or houses and premises built, or to be built, encom pairing or abutting upon the said square, and also of all houses built, or to be built, in the four angles or corners of the several streets leading into the said square, not to exceed 6 d. in the pound per annum. Empty houses to be exempte<rfraoi the rate during their being unoccupied. Houses let to ambafiadora shall be paid by the proprietors, or the first, or other tenant, to be deduded out of rent. Premises within the limits of the ad, winch are rated jointly with others, may be rated in proportion. Appeal to quarter sessions.; J^rfTpes, ifec. futssed. to the payment of rates of houses let to lodgers.; Persons occupying separate apartments liable to pay rates, who may dedud the fame from their next rent. Personi removing, and other* wefceding*hem, R*y doo prqporueaSj to.bp settled justiem#

Aon» Ticesimo fecund* Georgii III. c. 861 [ryte.

fuftfoes. Commmicement of the nt»fiaa the a# of June, fyts, and the firftptyaent to be on the sytib of September and race* payable Mr. forty. Peter William Baker, esq; to pay the balance of the anauat-reSt, and afterward* the whole of the rent to the treasurer of the trahttv^ tal shall be discharged from uses thereof by the said leafer. Trot net any borrow not more than i,ooool. on and in tier, payable half yearly* To be deemed perfimal estate, and not subject to taxes? or may borrow the tee at iatoreft, if they think fit} and may assign the rates as a focority.

if they think fit} and may tice to be given previous to raafing of money, fourteen days in the Gasette, or other new (pa per. Securities to be entered in books, of rates if refilled or neglected ro be paid, or that the party Cells their goods to be recovered by dim-sis under warrant of 1 and fold in fire days. Treasurer and collector to account* Penalty an defaults 51. and fiubjed to action. Money paid by the tresfiwer to be altered in a book. Expeaces of this act to be paid out of the irft meaty tailed. Writings may be without ft amps* Penalties and forfeituresto-be recovered by distress, under wnmuit of a [alike, and fide of goods* lobe applied for the purposes of this act? and in default, the offender may be committed for a month, and not less than (even days, if not paid. Dineh not to be deemed unlawful for want of form* Proceedings nos so be quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari. Perwns aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions ? giving ten days notice. Limitation of actions, not till twenty-one days notice to the clerk, or after three months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and have treble cob. This act not to affect any other ada relative to the parhh of Mary beset and to be a publick act. -

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for explaining and amending two acts, one made in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for paving certain streets in the parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes; and for extending the provisions of the said acts to other parts of the said parHhe*, and alTo for opening certain communications within the fakl parish of Saint George.

Recital of it Geo. 3. c.si; and 17 Geo. 3. c. at. Red Lion Street and Queen's Head Alley, and the frveral other streets. 8tc. in the parish of 9t. John of Wapping, made or to be opened (except those paved by the left ad) and lo much of Wapping High Street as 4ies in the parish of St. George, and of St. Paul, Snadwell, and so much of Old Gravel Lane as Kes in the said parish of St. George, so far as the messuages, &c. adjoining the said streets. Sec. extend, and also the feverat streets, &c. to be opened by ah ad of this session, cap. 3 e. to be the district of the commissioners trader the first recited act ? and all the streets. Sec. in the parish of St. George, and those lying on the east fide of Old Gravel Lane, and aHo the streets, Sec. to be opened by 11 Geo. 3. c. *3. and to the extent of the messuages, &c. in or adjoining the fame, to be the district of the commissioners under the second recited act. Two undivided third parts of tenements in Wispping High Street, in the parish of St. George, to be in Wapping district, the remaining third part in St. George's district. Messuages, lying behind those pulled down,or built in their room, to be in the district where the others flood. Powers of former acts extended to this act. Power to taife money, as directed by former acts. Streets, See* to be paved, vis. in the first district so much or Nightingale Lane as Kes in St. John's, Wapping, Church Street, Upper Gun Alky, Upper Well Alley, and the streets to be opened by cap. 35. of this fiession; and in the other district, Hifliert Court, King Sweet, Charles Street, Ratcliff Street, weft fide of Bine Gift Fields, Proton's. Ill and Ship Street, Gould Street, Stiver Street, Ptari Street, Princes Street, Fawdeo Fields, the avenue of Old Gravel Lane, Harrow Alley, Old Starch Yard, Seven Star Alky, Star and Garter Yard, Denmark Someth Betti’s Streep frittered* and Be it Alky* Rates mb*

made

An*Q vj«^»o secundo Gcqkoii IS. a

made fer fwig form*, Ac Aemmik sU iol- per cent per atm. the firt distria te raise 1,400l. in the other distnd 7,*ool. An account Q lie kept in each district. Pnly 6d. in the pound for footway*. Wade* land* lie. belonging to the city of London, or Ghrift's, Bridewell, and ftu Throes'* hospital* not to be assessed without the consent of the go-; veraors. Accounts for new district to be kept fepacate. No other street* to be paved, bat by the petition of two thirds of the bondholders, bad* lords, or owner*. Such petition to be signed by tenant* in pofltfion foe lift nr years, or agent* of bodies corporate Xuficient. Commissioners a& inf under ty Geo. c, %.impowered to raid money for paying the ». price* of paring Red Lion Street, and Queen's Head Alley. Nates to stand charged on roeftiages and good* found therein. No tenant* goods a be f«bjc& to rates for any longer term then he has occupied the prefaces. Notice of appeals in writing to be read in and fixed on church doors three days before bearing complaint*.. Rate* to be recovered again# tenant or landlord by action, Sec.at Westminster, or an inferior court, if

po*. or upwards* and if under, in the court of requests, with cods, in the name of the collector, or other person, a* the commissionces shall appoint* No action to be brought again# the coUe&or but in the court of requests, nnieft for 40s. or upwards. No goods. Sec. to be let out in the street*. Gownunnications to be opened between. Hermitage Street and Virginia Street, and between Hermitage Street and Bird Street, and also between Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lane. No rate to be made on the houses, &c. in or near the opening between Old and New Gravel Lane, tiU the fame i* made, &c. And William Stokes to be fir# paid 441. for jpaving. All act* to be done by the major part of commissioners at meetings, if not less than five- Expences of this act to be paid (except i$l.) out of any money arising by 17 Geo. 3. c as. Limitation of actions for a&iag under this act, not till thirty days notice, nor after tender of amends, or after six months. The defendant may plead the general issue, and have treble cot*. To be a publick act.

CAP. LXXXVII.

*3 for paving, and freeing from nuisances and annoyances, the federal streets, ways, and places, within the parish of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said pariflt; and for making ways or streets into the street called Rilby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a street called Ropemaker's Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the said street called Rilby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

When any commissioner dies, refuse* to ad, or is declared a bankrupt, of ceafits to reside, or be owner of an estate within thejimits of the ad, or qegle&s to attend meetings for twelve months together, (except in case ofnckness, or other unavoidable cause) the other commissioners to elect others in their room, on ten days* notice, fixed on the church door of St. Anne's church. Qualification of commissioners, 50l. per ann. freehold or ^opybotd, or i,cooT. personal estate. Penalty on acting if not qualified, $o l. Commissioners to take the following oath. I

I A. B do swear, (or, being of the people called Quakers, do affirm), that I truly and bona fide am in my o*n right, or (if married) in the right of my wife, in the actual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the itTO and profits of lands*tenements, or hereditaments, of th* clear yearly raJue.of fifty pounds above reprizes, or possessed of or entitled to personal tftwte.ro the amount Of one thousand pounds, over and above payment of

SohelpmeGOD.

fttyaedfog* tobfi a of comflti

ck meetii tO bfc <M

AwKJviccflmo secundo Georgii III. c. 87. [1782.

t£t. If at any meeting a proper number do not attend, the clerk may appoint another meeting, giving six days* notice fixed to the church door* In case of the clerk's death, Sec, meetings may be appointed by two cool* nrissioners. Commissioners to bear their own expectCea. No person capable to ad who bolds anyplace of profit, Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to give security; and to account on oath. Money in hand, books, Sec. to be delivered up on demand, and in case of retufal for twenty.four hours actions may be brought, or on complaint a jaftice may grant a warrant to proceed by distress and fak. On failure of distrefa, Sec. offender to be committed till payment, or for six months. On death of officers, fee. executors to account. In case of nonpayment, actions may be brought against executors, Sec, Penalty on officers taking any reward other than their salaries, or being concerned in any contract, 1001. New carriage and foot ways from Queen Street into the street called Rilby’s Rope Ground, and through or crols Shoulder of Mutton Alley into Fore Street, and from thence through a street called Ropemaker's Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in R»lbv> Rope Ground across certain lands into Three Colt Street. Persons under incapacities impowered to sell and convey lands, &c. In case of refusal to treat, a jury shall be summoned. jurymen may be challenged. Witnefes to be examined upon oath. Jury to assess the value of lands, &c. and damages. Verdict of jury, See. to be final. Upon payment of the sums affrfled, lands, Sec. to be conveyed to the commissioners. On failure in making out a good title, or in executing conveyances, the money to be paid into the bank, &c. Judgements to be registered. Immediately after verdict, decrees, &c. and paymentj lands, &c. vested in the commissioo-ers. At the request of the parties, purchase money may be placed in tbs funds. Persons intitled to the mesne profits to receive the dividends, la case of nonpayment, the verdict, dec. not binding. Purchase monies may be laid out in lands, Sec. for the former uses. Conveyances to be legal, notwithstanding want of tide. Claims to be made in five yean, or the commissioners to be quieted in possession. Persons barred may bring actions for monies received for their use. Tenants at will, and lessees for a year, to quit. Mortgagees required to assign mortgages, on payment of principal and interest, &c. In case of refusal, money to be paid into the bank. All sums paid to be chargeable on monies raised for making the said openings according to this act. Penalty on sherifft, jurymen, See. neglecting their duty, a fine of iol. Overplus ground may be fold. Commissioners impowered to pave the street*, Sec,at present built within the parish of St. Anne Limehouse, and also Queen Street and London Street, and the said ways intended to be made, and to remove annoyances, Commissioners may fell the old materials. Any person repairing pavement, other than those employed by the commissioners, or obstructing the work, to forfeit 4.0s. Property of pavement and materials vested in the commissioners. Pavement may be taken up for repairing water-pip» Sec. Fencing in and lighting the ground, and giving notice thereof within six hours after finished to the commissioners' paviour, on penalty of 40s, and he is to proceed in one day after to pave the fame on penalty of 401, Commissioners may contract for paving pipe trenches. Charges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by persons occasioning the damage. Paviour* to the water companies to give notice to the commissioners* ckrk of their names and places of abode, on penalty of *os. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Pipes broken, not belonging to the company whose paviour shall open such ground, to be p*W for his trouble by the proprietor of such pipes. Proprietors of ruinous drains to repair them j and in case of default, the commissioners to repair them at the proprietors* expence. Commissioners of sewers to be summoned when any repair of sewers, Sec. is wanted. Penalty on laying goods. Secs in the streets; or obstructing the fame by carriages, 40 s. Carriages and things caofing obstructions may be seized. Penalty oh driviag wheel-barrows, Sic. on the foot pavements, tos. Hoards may be ereftw for building or repairing houses. Inhabitants to (Weep the foot-pat*1 between (even and nine o'clock evtry day on penalty of 5 s. Houses to

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. c.

numbered, end names of streets, Sebe fixed on the corner houses. Penalty on defacing such numbers, Sec. 51. Projections, to be remov-cd on penalty of 51. and also so s. a week during continuance. Rates to be made when the streets, &c. are ordered to be paved (which is to be proceeded in within tbre? months, and completed in reasonable time) not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound yearly, to be paid quarterly or oftener. Fbr proportioning the rates, one third to be paid by the proprietor, and allowed out of rent. Tenants of divided houses to pay the rates. The new streets to be paved out of the monies collected within the same only* Rates to be signed by two justices. If tenants refuse to pay, rates may be recovered by distress and sale, by warrant of two justices. If no distress can be found, the party to be committed for three months, nor less than one month, or till payment with colts. All persons in arrear may be comprized in one warrant, or schedule thereto. Places of publick worship. Sec. shall be rated at 6 d. ay ear for every square yard of pavement lying in the front of such premises to be measured to the middle line of thestreet. Such rates shall be paid, for every church and churchyard by the churchwardens, for every piece of vacant ground by the proprietor, for every

if under 40 s. with costs, in the name of the collector, or as the commissioners Hull appoint. Waste or vacant ground to be fenced in at the expence of the owner. Occupiers quitting tenements, &c. without paying rates, niay be followed. Persons paying these rates, exempted from all othfr expences of paving. Agreements between landlord and tenant not vacated. If collectors become insolvent, the money to be again assessed. Commissioners may borrow money at interest, or raise money by sale of annuities at 10l. per cent, aind not more than 5,000l. in the whole. Pro-vjio, for Three Colt Street not more than 6001. Commissioners may order repayment of monies borrowed at interest, Annuities, &c. may be assigned. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. When annuities cease by death, other annuities may be fold. Expences of this act to be paid out of the first money raised by virtue of this act, and divided, proportioned and charged upon the streets, &c. already built, and on thofo intended, when built, as the commissioners shall determine; and any person advancing money for the above purpose, to have full interest. For making up a general account of receipts and disbursements yearly in the month of June. Penalties may be mitigated to not less than a moiety. Commissioners who are justices'may aft m any appeal. Sec. as any other justices; and bring actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to thefessions j giving si days nonce. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress tnd sale of the offender's goods, by warrant from a justice, to be applied far the purposes of the act, and on nonpayment, and no distress, the party may be committed for three months, and not less than 14 days, unless

Sid with costs in the mean time. Commissioners may reward informers* iftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to rer rover, if tender of amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book to be signed by the clerk, to be deemed original orders, and may be given in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions for acting under this act, not till so days notice to thq derk, or after satisfaction, or tender of amends, or after three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give this act and the spedal matter in evidence, and have treble costs* This to be a pub* licit aft.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An oH to continue the term of an a fly made ir?the twenty fourth

year of the reign of his late wqjejlyKing George the, for

repairing and widening the road from to

LjC Le

Anno vteefimfc secundo Georgii III. c. 89-^93. [1782.

and from thence to a place called that divides

the counties of Lancfter and

CAP. LXXXIX.

jfti act for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth

year of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from End, in the

parish of Kenwyn, to Calleflock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said parish, to Perran almshouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said parish, to Saint Agnes aims-house, in the said county.

CAP. XC.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present for repairing and

amending the road leading from White in the parish of

Leven? in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

CAP. XCI.

An act to confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of went entered into between the right honourable James earl a-lifbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several act, of parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemnsford Mill, the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreemen.

CAP. XCII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty-third year of his late

for repairing several roads leading to the town of in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to Stain-drop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road near Smallways,across the river Tees, to Winftor., in the said county of Durham; and for building a bridge over th*

said river at or near Winston

1782.] Anno vkefiiribTccundo GEdRon lH. c. 94^98. ?^95

CAP. XCIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an made in the thirty -second year of the reign of his late King George

Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Littlegate, at the top of Leadenham in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnhy Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide-post at the diviften of Kelhetm and Mujkham lanes to Mansfield, and from well to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; for repairing the road from the west fide of Newark Bridge to the said guide-pofi,

CAP. XCV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the ers, rf an act of tht second year of bit Majesty, for

mending and widening the road from the market-house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcefte Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the roads leading from the house m Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from redmore to Holly Half, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

