THE 

Statutes at large. 

Anno decimo osiavogeorgii III Regis. 

Bong die FOURTH Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Grbat Britain. 

by 

DANBY PICKERING, of gray’s Inn, Esq.

Vo I. XXXIL Part I. 

Statutes at large. 

FROM 

MAGNA CHARTA 

To the END of the 

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain, 

Anno 1761. 

CONTINUED. 

By DANBY PICKERING, of gray’s inn, Esq 

Reader of the Law le&are to that Honourable Society. 

VOL. XXXII 

CAMBRIDGE, 

Printed by J OHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNITERS itvj for CHARLES BATHURST, atthecrofs keyt, opposite strdunftan’a Church in fleet-street, London. 1778. 

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A 

TABLE 

OF Till 

statutes 

PUBLICK and PRIVATE, 

Palled Anna deeimo ettavo 

Georg IIL Regis. 

Being the Fourth Seflipn of the Fourteenth Parliament erf * 

Great Britain. 

PUBL1CK ACTS. 

Cap. i.por continuing an at, made in the last session of F parliament, entitled. An all to empower bis Majefiy to secure and detain persons charged with, or fufpeflei of the crime ■ cf high treason, committed in any of hie majejljs colonies or planta tions in America, or on the high jeas, or the crime of piracy. 

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seven ty eight. 

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight. 

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and defertionj and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. 

Oip. 5. For the regulation of his majesty*s marine forces while on (hore. 

Cap. 6. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips an aether trading (hips and vefieis.. 

Vol XXXII a ^ dap* 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 7. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wtgton. 

Cap. 8. To enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Brijlol. 

Cap. 9. For taking down the parish church of Lflfad, being a vicarage united to the rectbry of church, in the county of Northampton j and'for repairing the parifti church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 10. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for building a bridge over the river Leajtf/ or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for makings repairings widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snarcfbrook, in the county of Essex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlesex. 

\ Cap. 11. For repealing an at, passed in the fourteenth year I of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An afl for the better re 1 gulating the government of the province of the maftachufet’s Bay in ' New England. 

, Cap. 12. For removing all doubts and apprehensions con 1 cerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain irr any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North Americas and the jvejl Indies y and for repealing so much of an act, made in the ievetuh year of she reign of his present Majesty, as imppfesa duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in Americas or relates thereto, j Cap. rj. To enable his Majesty to appoint commissioners j with fuftfeient powers to treat, consult, and agree upon the means of quieting the disorders now subsisting in certain of the j colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America. 

* Cap. 14.. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marcbt one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 15. For the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom. 

Cap. 16. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat flour, bifeuir, and peas, to Newfoundlands Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleurs and Labrador. 

Cap. 17. For building an additional gaol, and also a prison and house of correction, within the county of Cornwall; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 18. To explain an act, passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An all fjpr the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes bills y or other securities for payment of money \ or warrants dr orders for payment of money or delivery of goods. 

Cap. 19. For the payment of eofts to parties, on complaint o deter - 

ljooqie 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

determined before jjuftices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony. 

Cap. 20. For further continuing the duties granted by three a6ts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of his present majesty’s reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of Tori. 

Cap. 21. For the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two several acts of parliament, the one Aiade in the twelfth year of his present majesty’s reign, for making a nayigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the county of Chester; and the other made in the seventeenth year of his laid majesty’s reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the said former at. 

Cap. 22. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabliftiing a lottery. 

Cap. 23. For appointing commifiioners to put in execution an actof this fefiion of parliament, entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighty together with thpfe named in two former acts for appointing commifiioners of thd land tax. 

Cap. 24. For allowing the re importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the same may have been sold abroad; and the importation of tobacco the growth and product of the iftand of Dominica, under certain regulations and reftriduons. 

Cap. 25. For allowing com, grain, and flour, Imported into the ports of Portfmouthy Sandwich, Chichester, and Chejlery to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an afl, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn. 

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain. 

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom. 

Cap. 28. For repealing so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act to explain, amendy and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the tumptie roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofei; as is to subject carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contracts for leasing tolls. 

Cap. 29. For impowering the commissioners and governors 

a 2 

of 

A TABLE of the STATUTE! 

of the royal hospital for Teamen at Greetrwich, in the county of Kent, to exchange certain messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parjlhes of ain wick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to the mod noble Hugh duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the open common fields at Cor bridge, in the said county; and to empower the said com roiffioners and governors to grant leases, in manner therein mentioned. 

Cap. 30. For the more efieftually levying of the duty upon servants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 

Cap. 31. For enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal hignefies the princes Frederick bishop of Ofnaburgb% William Henry, Edward, Ernejl Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of sixty thouiand pounds per annum; and also to settle on their, royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte Augufla Matilda, Augufla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia % one other annuity of thirty thouiand pounds per annum and also to settle on his highness prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thouiand pounds per annum, and on her highness the princess Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum. 

Cap. 32. For further continuing so much of certain duties as have by several ads of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the (aid harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffix. 

Cap. 33. For the better preservation of fi(h, and Tegulating the fisheries, in the rivers Severn and Verniew. 

Cap. 24. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the foake of Bolingbroke and wapentake of Candlejboe, in the parts of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln. 

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred ot Stow, in the county of Suffolk. 

Cap. 36. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge. 

Cap. 37. For paving parts of the footpaths on the Tides of the great road, called ivbitechapel Road, in the county of Middlesex \ also the several streets, lanes, roads, and passages, opening Into the same; and for preventing obstructions, nuifanccs, and annoyances therein, and near thereto. 

Cap. 38. For railing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand ftvert hundred and feventy*eight. 

Cap. 39. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough 

towns 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

towns, whose admiflions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiflions jduly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors. 

Cap. 40. To repeal such part of an al, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to extend such part of the same adl, as obliges the master of British or Irish (hips, sailing from any of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifest of their cargoes to the British consul residing there, to the like vessels sailing inxo'denmark, Norway, and Archangel. 

Cap. 41. For uniting the free grammar school of Jama King of England, within the town of flenlty upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with the charity school founded in the same town by dame Elizabeth Periam widow 5 and for the better regulation nd management of the said endowments. 

Cap. 4a. To enable the corporation of Tnnity floufe of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a light house on the rocks called thesmalls, in Saint George's Channel. 

Cap. 43. To repeal an all, passed in the last session of parlia * meat, for the recovery off mall debts, within the several panjbes of Surfleet, go(berton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, swinef head, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Foldyke, Kirton, framp tonne, Wibcrton, and Brothertoft, within the hundred of Kirton emd county a/’lincoln. 

Cap. 44. For building a (lone bridge across the river Tyne opposite the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the feme. 

Cap. 45. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation of british made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the' manufacture of British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry lugars of the growth produce or maivufadture, of any of his majesty’s sugar colonies; directly to foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of cuf toras or excise; to the prohibiting the importation of light silver coin of this realm, from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of (hips and yeflels from Dover, Deal, and ljle oftbanet\ and to revive and continue fb much of an at, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America. 

a 3 

Cap. 46 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 46. For allowing further time for inroiment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers. 

Cap. 47. To amend such part of an alt, made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled. An act far the relief of the poor, 4s relates to the binding of parish apprentices. 

Cap. 48. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council afiembled, to raise, upon the credit of the furplufies to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the fumof forty thousand pounds, towards difeharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol of Newgate, and a scffions bouse adjoining, and for completing the laid gaol, and building an infirmary thereto; and other the purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 49. For applying the sum of one thousand pounds, to arise out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of opening communications between ivcpping jlrcet and Rat cliff highway, and between Old gravel lane and Vtrginia jlrett, within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of flapping, in the county of Middlesex. 

Cap. 50. For applying the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to arise out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of widening certain avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the county of Middlesex. 

Cap, 51. For applying the sum of four thousand pounds, to arise out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in th county of Surrey. 

Cap. 52. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases. 

Cap. 53. For the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines. 

Cap. 54. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money dtat of the finking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of money which hath arisen by the two sevenths excise. 

Cap. 55. To permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any British plantation in America, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the fifticries and navigation of Ireland. 

Cap. 56. To permit the importation of cotton yarn, the manufacture of Ireland, into this kingdom duty free. 

Cap. 57. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervipc of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight. 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 58. To explain and amend so much of an aa, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine conveyance of sugar and paneles from the Brittfb colonies and plantations in America into Gnat Britain. 

Cap. 59. To amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to eftablifti certain regulations with refpea to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland and certain other corps therein mentioned. 

Cap. 60. for relieving his majesty’s fubjeas professing the popish religion from certain penalties.and disabilities impoledon them by an aa, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, entitled. An act for the further preventing the growth of popery. 

Cap. 61. For repealing certain provisions in two aas, made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne; one entitled. An all for the relief of the protejlant pur chasers of the forfeited ejlates in. Ireland; and the other entitled. An act for advancing the sale of the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, and for veiling such as remain unsold by the present irujlees in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for such uses as the same were before vtjled in the said trustees; and for the more effectual selling and felting the said ejlates to protestants; and for explaining several alls relative to the lord Bophin and sir Redmond Eyerard. 

Cap. 62. To continue an aa, made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An all to author if?., for a limited time, the punifoment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or foall become liable to be transported to any of his Add jefiy's colonies and plantations. 

Cap. 63. For enabling trustees under particular turnpike aas, to meet and carry such aas into execution, potwithftanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the direaious ' of such aas; and for preventing disputes touching the payment of tolls for horses or carriages belonging tq or employed by officers or fojdiers on duty. 

Cap. 64. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 65. For fettling and securing a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham (hall defeend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by. die said late ear) to his Majesty and the public. 

Cap. 66. For making proper drains and sewers, for the purpose of carrying off the water from the prebendal estate of halli well and Finfoury, in the suburbs of the city of London, and for. other purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 67. For authorising the justices of the peace for the county of middufex, to sell the present session honfc for the said. 

a 4 county. 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

eounty, and for enabling them to build another fetfion homfo in 3 more convenient situation, and to Keep the same in repair $ and for applying the fopn of eleven thousand pounds (to be bar rbwed upon the credit of the furplufles of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the expense of building the said session houic. 

Cap, 60. For building a bridge across the river Tawey9 at a place called The With Tteey in the parish of Llanfamlett, to the ©ppofite (bore in the parish of Uangevelach, in the county of Glamorgan for making proper avenues or roads to and from the said bridge; and also for repairing and widening the road from pentre brooky near a place called Aberdtvybertbyy in the parish of Saint johrisy near Swansea, to the said intended bridge, # 

Cap. 69. For repairing the highways and bridges in thp county of Stirling. 

Cap. 70. To enable hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pier at the town of Findhorny in the county of Elgin and Forres. 

Cap. 71. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council aflemb]ed, to make a street or opening from Moorfieldsy opposite Chifwell jtreity, towards the east into bijbopfgate jlreet; and also from the east end of chifwell street westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the credit of the furplufles to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy the sum of sixteen thousand five hundred pounds for such purpose. 

Cap. 72. For erecting a building for holding the courts and exercifirig the jurifdi6tion of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Weflminftery within the city and liberty of jvejlminjiery and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace, and transacting the other public business of the said city and liberty; and for appropriating part of the furplufles of the Orphans Fundy towards defraying the expense thereof. V 

Cap. 73. For paving the high street or road leading from alderfgate barsy in the parish of Saint Botolph without Alderfgatey Londony to the turnpike near die end of gtfweu jlrcety in the county of Middlesex; and for applying the sum of five thousand pounds, to be raised upon the credit of the furplufles to arise put of a certain fund, cqqnmonly called The Orphans Fundy fof such purpose. 

Cap. 74. To amend an act, passed in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the partjhio tiers of the partjh of Christchurch, in the coun y of Middlesex, to ' purcbafcy hirty or erect a workhoufey for the employing and maintaining the poor of the faidparijhy and for the more effectualfufport and employment of the poor therein. 

Cap. 75. For making a navigable canal from the town ot Baftngjtokey in the county of Southamptony to communicate with 

Pxt x\hrwey% in the panlh of Cbertfey, in the county of Surrey -9 

......■ 

laooqle 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

?nd to the southeast fide of the turnpike road in the parish of Turgifs, in the said county of Southampton. 

Cap. 76. For better paving, cleangng, lighting, and watching, ihe streets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apojlle in the (aid town and county; and for removing and preventing nuifences and annoyances therein. 

Cap. 77.^ For paving and repairing the streets, lanes, and other public parages and places, within such part of the liberty of Norton Frigate, in the county of Mxddleftx, as is extra paro ohia), and certain parts of magpie alley, and Blossom jlreet, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the said .county $ and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein. 

Cap. 78. For applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the furplufles of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of making a passage for carriages from spitol fields to bifbopfgate sir eet, in the county of Middlesex. 

Cap. yg. For paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the town ot Northampton j and for removing and preventing in croachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein. 

Cap. 80. For widening and improving a certain avenue called dirty laney and part of brick lane, leading from Whitechapel to spital fields, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving dirty lane, and also the cast fide of petticoat lane, from Whitechapel high fireet to wentworth firset; the said avenue called went tvortb fireet; from thence in one continued line through Old montague fireet, chapel street, and princes row, to baker*s^row inclusive, and the several streets and passages leading into the same; and for removing all obstructions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future. 

Cap. 81. For continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two ads, one patted in the seventh and the other in the eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over bolley causeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks, and Witney, in the county of Oxford. 

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of several ads passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George thi first, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and ocher roads therein mentioned. 

Cap. 83. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Long Horfley bar or gate, on the pofl road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfley, weldon bridge, and Whittingham, to tbo river Preamiih, and from thence to percy’s Croft, in the county of Northumberland. 

Cap. 8^. 

A 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 84. To enlarge the term and powers of fevefal als: * for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehoufi, in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse in the county of Hertford and the road from the bear inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield • chase and also camwood lane leading from Highgate to Hump > Jlead, in the said county of Middlesex and the road beginning at Barnet Blockboufe and ending at the bear inn in Hadley aforesaid. 

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an a, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing, the road from Wakefield to Aufterlands, in the wejl riding in tbit< county of York. 

Cap. 86. To enlarge th term and powers of an a, pa (Ted. in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the rood from The Bars at Boughton, vntbin tbr liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the said adt mentioned; and for making a road of communication from thc^ said road between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present turnpike road from Newport aforesaid to Ecclefball, in the county of Stafford. 

Cap. 87. To enlarge the term of an act parted in the thirtieth year of his late majesty King Geoage the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcefter, through Silverfton and Brackiey, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Mid, dieton otoney, to weston gate, in theparijh of Weston on the Green, in the county oj Oxford. 

Cap. 88. For repairing and widening the road from The Birches Brook to butldwas bridge, and from thence to join the watluig flrcet turnpike road at tern bridge, in the county of Salop. 

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an a, made io the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Much Wenlock, in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, apd keeping in repair, the road leading from gleeton hill to. Creffage, in the said county. 

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of three a<fts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, and the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from galley comer, adjoining to enfield chase, in the parish of Scutb Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to lemsford mill, in the county of Hertford. 

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road from Stoken~ churchy in the county of Oxford, to ivheatley bridge, and from the said bridge to enflow bridge, and from wheatley bridge to the mileway leading towards magdalen bridge; and from the mileway teading from Saint Giles's Church, near the city of Oxford by Begbroke, to New Woodfioei, in the said county.. 

Cap. 92. 

A table of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the twenty sixth year of the, reign of his late Majesty, or widening and repairing the highroad leading from Northallerton to the oath wall of the churchyard of, the town of Thirfk, and from the south eajl end of the Jlreet called finkell street, in Thirfk aforesaid, to and through the town of £afingwould, in the county York, to a place called burton done, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirflc aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York. 

Cap. 93. For repealing certain parts of three several acts of parliament, of the first, the seventeenth, and the thirtieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several roads leading to and from the borough of Evejbam, in the county of Worcejlir, and for repairing and widening the road from >evejbam bridge, in the said borough, to. the Globe Inn in Alcejler, in the county of Warwick. 

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, r amending, widening, and keeping inrepair, the roads from the eojl end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the town of Witt, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the said county. 

Cap. 95. For amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from wbifile bridge, in the pariftv of Berwick, in the county of Somerset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Charminfter, in the county of Dorset 5 and from the cross in the town of Maiden Newton, to a stream of water in the parjfh of South Perrott, in the county of Dorset $ from a place called furze moor Gate, in the parish of Sroadwinfor, to lenbam’s Water, in the parish of Btamifter; and from Bugler's corner in the town of Beamifter, to the Dorfetjhire Inn, in the parish of Woohombe; and from Upjydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerne Abbas; and from the town of Frampion, to join the X western turnpike road near Steepleton, in the said county of Dorset. 

Cap. 96. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from tbeeajl fide of Barnfley Common, in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guidepojl in Barugh to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the tewnjbip of Cawthorne, in the said county. 

Cap. 97. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing two acts, one of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty, and the other of the fifth year of his present Majesty, relating to the said roads; 

and 

/ 

by 

A TABLE of the STATUTES., 

and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto. 

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucester to the town of Stroud, in the county of 

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an alt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and leeping in repair the roads hading from a place called Fryer bacon’s Study to Chilton Pond; and from the top of hinkfey hill to foxcombe hill Gate in the ■ road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks. 

Cap. 100. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an alt, made In the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, nr repair, amending, and widening, the several roads leading from the Red Post, in the parijb of five head, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butweli; and also from Currey Rivell to puckington lane, and from Cambridge to Street Cross, in the county of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto. 

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, tirade in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned', leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet 

and Ivelchefter, in the county of Somerset, sofar ai the same relates to the roads, therein called The Turnpike Roads. 

Cap. 102. To enlarge the term and powers of an alt, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester. 

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road from chip penbam bridge, in the county qf W to the top of, in the county of Gloucester; and from the stone pillar to the top of Old Sodhury Hill, in the said county of. 

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An cfl for repairing and widening the roads from Donnington high bridge to Hale Drove, and to .the eighth mile stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county Lincoln. 

Cap. 105. Forenlargingtheterm and powers of an alt, made in the thirty tirft year of the reign of his late Majesty, repairing the roads from lte&s to Sheffield, in the county York, sofar as the same relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other at, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending nd rendering more effectual the laid aft - 

106. To enlarge tjie term and powers of several ads, passed in the fourth year of King George the First, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Seconder repairing the 

highways 

l.ooqle 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes */rshinfiejd and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, wijts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, m the said county of Southampton. 

Cap. 107. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Seconder repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, long witton, and by the north fide of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elfdon, in the county o/'northumberland. 

Cap. 108. For continuing and amending an ad, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, yi>r repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Paf. lures, and seb^aham bridge, tochalk Beck, in the said county % and aljo the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Heflcet, otherwise hefket newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said county. 

Cap. 109. To empower the tiuftees for amending the road from Vttoxeter to newcajlle*under lime, in the county of Stafford to repair and widen the road branching out of the said rqad at lower lane, to the turnpike road on hem heath, in the same county. 

Cap. ijo. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end fl/’dapdon wharf, in the partjb of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to andrew’s Cross, and to alfold bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint mary’s Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Sussex. 

Cap. hi. For continuing the term of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, entitled. An afi for amending, repairings and widening, the roads leading from the rve way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to prc fteigne, in the county of Radnor, from thence to Leintwardine; and from Prefteigne aforesaid, to the top of trsp hill; and from the kye way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads, branching out of the roads comprised in the said ad. 

Cap. 112. For more effectually amending, Widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to chain bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the direction post in Kingfiborpc, in the county of north ampton, to ivelford bridge, in the said county; and for repealing several ads, made in the eighth year of King George, the Firil, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads. 

Cap. 113. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging 

Digitised 

by  

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES; 

ihgthc powers of an a61 made in the twenty sixth year of’thfc i*eign bf his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairings amending) and widening the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland. 

Cap. 114. For repairing and widening the road from 7'etbury3 in the county of Gloucejier, to and through malme/hury, to chip penbam^bridge) in the county of jvilts; and from Malmefbury to the turnpike road at or near Jactament's Bottom, in the said county of Gloucester and also the road from Paddington to Crick lade, from thence to Malmefbury, and to the turnpike road at Afton Turville; and alfc from Sberjhne to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath. 

Cap. 115. For repealing an act, made ih the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (direbled to be repaired by an act passed in the lajl fejjfton of parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) Glenwhelt, to another part of the road (fo making from Carlifie to Newcastle) iupon Shildon Common, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road; 

Cap. XI For altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Summer Rods Bary near the town of Hexham in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alftony in the county of Cumberland. 

P R I V A T E ACTS. 

X A N aft to enable the right honourable Robert Craggsezrl 

x Nugent, and the right honourable Charles Townfbendy to take in Great Britain the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and paymaster general of all his majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices. 

2.. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the commissioners appointed to put in execution an act made in the last session of parliament, for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cantlcy% Brampton, btjjacarr% and High Ellars% within the several manors of Brampton and bef facarr) in the parish of Cant lay) in the West Riding of the county of York. 

3. An act for naturalising Francis Popham. 

4. An act for naturalising John Meyer and Cbriftopber Hemy Mortem. 

3. An 

a taijle of the Statutes. 

5. An a ft for verting certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent (part of the estates devised and fettled by the will of johnthoyts, deceased) in trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to sir Sampson Gideon baronet, and his heirs; and for laying out the moneys, arising by such sale, in the purchase df other lands and hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon the likeufes and trurt, in the said will. 

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and common grounds, within the parish of Bulwicky in the couhly of Northampton. 

7. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Kimmte and Walton, in the parishes of Kimcoate and Knaptofty in the county of Leicejler. 

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Titcbmarjby in the county of Northampton. 

9. An act for dividing, allotting, yand enclosing, the open fields, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish, lordship, and liberty of Sapeote, in the county of Leicejler. 

'* 10- An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Great Billings in the county of Northampton. 

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, in the parish of rub deny in the county of Northampton. 

12. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the hamlet or tithing of Bockamptony in the parish of Chipping Lambourney in the county of Berks. 

13. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields, and fiinted pastures, or waste grounds, in the manor of North Dolt on y in the East Riding of the county of York. 

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields and common or waste land, in the lordship of Long What ■ in the county of Leicejler. 

15. An act for regulating the (locking of a certain piece of enclosed pasture ground, called Nazeing Woody or Nazeing Parky in the manor and parish of Nazeingskn the county of ejjfxy and for keeping the fences thereof in repair. 

16. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Clifton upon Caldery in the West Riding of the county of York. 

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste ground, called Briftington otherwise Bufleton Common, in the parish of Brijlington otherwise Bujletoriy in the county of Somerset. 

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manors of Lathom and Skelmerfi dale, in the parish of Ormfeirk, in the county palatine of Lancaften 

91. An 

V 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

ig. An act for dividing and indofing the common and oped field?, meadows, commonable lands, and wafie grounds, in the parish of ljbam, in the county of Northampton. 

20. An act for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, and common pastures, within the lordship or parish of Castle Donington, in the county of Leicejler. 

21. An act for dividing and indofing certain open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and wafie lands, within the parish of High worth, in the county of Wilts. 

22. An act to enable Walter James Head esquire, a minor, and his issue, to take and use the surname of James only, and to bear the coat armour of the family of John James esquire, deceased. 

23. An act for enabling Charles Wyndbam esquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his heirs male, to take and use the (urname of Edwin only. 

24. An act for naturalising David Henry De Beanne. 

25. An act for naturalising Hans Arfwidjfon. 

26. An act for naturalising Charles Frederick Loudenfack. 

27. An act for naturalising Henry ivilkens. 

28. An act for naturalising John Chrijlian Dean and Jacob Gottfried Hippius. 

29. An ad for. naturalising James Cazenove. 

30* An act for naturalising Francis Long. 

31. An act for naturalising Antonie Bazin. 

32. An act to enable the lord archbifhopof Canterbury toen franchise and grant a fraall parcel of glebe and wafie land, belonging to the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey; and also to enable the rector of the parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his successors, to build a parsonage house on part of the said glebe and wafie land, and to grant building leases of other parts thereof, and for other the purposes therein mentioned. 

33. An act for veiling in the right honourable Charles Howard esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his heirs. The fettled eflares of the said earl, in the counties of Cumberland, Wejlmorland, and Surrey, subject to certain charges affecting the same. 

34. An act for veiling the timber and wood glowing upon estates of Henry Perryn Brown esquire, in the county of York, in trustees, to sell the faipe, and apply the money arinng therefrom for making a recompense to sir Richard Perryn, his father, for the charges and expenses of making buildings and improve * upon the same efiate, and for the other purposes therein mentioned. 

35. An act for annexing a portion of the redory, and of the fedory manor thereto belonging, of Huntfpill, in the county of Somerjet, to the office of mailer of Balliol College, in Oxford. 

36. An act for establishing an agreement, for difeharging the manor of Laughton, in the county of Leicester, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parish of Laughton, from the payment 

'of 

A TABLE of the stattjtes. 

wf tithes, or any modus or rate for tithe; and for veiling other lands and hereditaments in the rector of the laid parish, nd his » successors, as a compensation for the said tithes, and in lieu 

37. An alt for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, and commonable lands or grounds, in the tithing of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in.the county of Wilts. 

38. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, open meadows, common pastures, and common grounds, within the parish of Kegwortb, in the county of leicejur. 

39. An at for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of Harpole, in the county of Northampton. 

40. An alt for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, and commons, in the lordship of Earl Shilton, in the county of Leicejler. 

41. An alt for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, common pastures, and all other commonable lands, in the tithings of Frampton and Hayleyy in the parish of Sappirton, in the county of Gloucester. 

42. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other common able lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Braybrookes in the county of Northampton. 

43. An alt for dividing and enclosing certain open fields meadows, ings, common pastures, and moors, within the parities of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the county of Lincoln. 

44. An alt for aligning certain open and enclosed lands, and rights of common, within the manor of Ripley, in the county of York pursuant to an agreement entered into between the trustees of John Ingilby esquire, a minor, and Walter Vavafout esquire, Thomas Grimfton, and Elizabeth Etefon, and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

45. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the consolidated parishes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the county of Gloucester; and for taking down the reltory church of Saint Mary, within the said parishes. 

46. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the township and liberties of Hardwicke, in the county of Buckingham. 

47. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds called Shuckburgh Fields, in the county of Warwick. 

48. An alt dividing and enclosing the open and commop fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish and liberties of North mctrjlony in the county of Bucks. 

thereof. 

b 

49. Aa 

A T ABLE of the STATUTES. 

49. An ast for dividfng and indofing the common or waft 

ground, called North Myms common, or Wood, in the parish of North Myms, in the county of Hertford, 

50. An Ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, th open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of 

in the county of Wilts. 

, 51. An act for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the commons and waste lands within the parish of in the county of 

Norfolk. 

52. An act for dividing and indofing the open and common 

fields, common meadows, common pastures, heath, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of in the county 

of Lincoln. 

53. An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the manor and hamlet 

of Cow Honeyborn, other wise Chapel in the county o, 

gloucc/ler. 

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain com 

ttions and waste grounds, called Gh Moor, within the manor of Glufburn, in the parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the 

county of York. 

55. An act for veiling the several yearly rents and copyhold fines, payable to the lord bishop of Durham and bis fiiccefibrs, and iftuing out of the several meftuages, lands, and tenements, within the manor of Howden, in the East Riding of the county Of York, in trustees, to be sold; and for enabling the said lord feifhop of Durham, and his fuccefiors, to enfrandufe the several customary or copyhold meftuages, lands, and tenements, within the said manor and for applying the money arising from suck sale and enfranchisement in the manner therein mentioned. 

56. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement, made between the dean and chapter of Durham, and general 

Cuthbert Ellison, for the partition and division of a trad of unimproved land, in the parish of, in the county palatine of Durham, and the partition and division made in purfuanc* thereof. 

'57. An act to enable John Arthur Worfop, (heretofore called John Arthur esquire) to settle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry, on the term therein mentioned. 

58. An act to itnpower John Bond, merchant, and Sarah his wife, or the survivor of them, during their respective fives, to gjant leases of their fettled estate, in the county of Surrey. 

59. An act for veiling the fettled estate of John Bullock esquire, ana Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Coejfer, in trustees, to lie sold, for railing money to discharge an encumbrance thereon, end laying out the surplus in the purchase of lands and hereditaments to be fettled to the uses limited of the said fettled estate. 

6q. An act for exemplifying, or carolling the will of George 

late 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

late lord Bingley deceased, and making such exemplification, or attested copies of though inrollment thereof, evidence as well in Ireland as in Gnat Britain. 

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands ?od waste grounds, within the parish and manor of Hitcbam, in the county of Buckingham. 

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste lands, and commonable places, within the manor and tithing of Coate, in the parish of bijbop’s Cannings, in the county of Wilts. 

63. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common moor, or trad of waste land, called Acomb Common, within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland. 

64* An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common paftores, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the maoor^ parish, and liberties, of Barky, in the county of Northampton. 

_ 65. An act for confirming a division and enclosure of the common fields, common meadows, and common pastures, within the parish of Little Berkford, in the county of Bedford, ant) certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish. 

66. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, mea oqwf, paftores, commons, and waste grounds, in the township of kirjall in the parish of Kneefall, and county of Nottingham. 

67. An ad fdir dividing and enclosing the open common fields, common meadows, and pasture, waste grounds, and Other commonable lands, in the parish of Leckhampton, in the county of Glaeuejler, and several small parcels of the said fields, which extend into the parish of Cheltenham, in the same county. 

ffifi* An act for confirming, establishing, and making ef fc&uai, certain articles of agreement, made and entered into, „ ibr enclosing and dividing the several commons, called Baling O — rriwr, Baling Green, and Cook's Hill in the parish of Hampstead Norreys, in the county of Berkt9 and forexchanging certain lands in the said parish. 

•69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and liberties of Napton upon the Hill, In the county of Warwick. 

. 70. An act for naturalising Pierre Theodore De Bruges. 

71. An act to enable the honourable Temple Simon Luttrett to make a jointure upon his intended wife out of his fettled estate; and for making a provision, by way of equivalent, in lieu thereof. 

73. An act to diitolve the marriage of John Hook Campbell ebtfsktj with Elizabeth Euftacia his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

7p An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, qommon meadows, and other corn 

fa 2 

moaable 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

monable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, and liberties, of Byfield, and Wefirup, in the parith of Byfiild, in the county of Northampton. 

74« An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, and liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the county of Warwick. 

jan ad for dividing and enclosing a certain common, or trad of commonable land, called or known by the name of jvefibay Ado or, within the parifti of Meary in the county of so merfet. 

76. An act for dividing and jnclofing the open and common fields, common pastures, and common meadows, within the parifti of Han stop, to the county of Buckingham. 

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the pari (lies of Saint gyusr Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the town of Northampton, in the county of Northampton, some or one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the name of Northampton Fields. 

78. An act for dividing and jnclofing the open and common fields, cpmjnon pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, artd liberties, of Floor e, otherwise Flower, in the county of Northampton. 

79. An act for veiling part of the fettled estates of sir Robert 

Sutton deceased, in the county of Lincoln, in sir Richard Sutton baronet, in fee simple; and for veiling certain lands of the said sir Richard Sutton, in Eajlthorpe, in the county of Nottingham, in the archbishop of York, and his successors, in fee simple, in exchange for the mansion houle, park, and lands, of the said sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the (aid county of Nottingham, now held by the said sir Richard Sutton upon lease for lives; and for veiling the same, together whh: other lands of the said sir Richard Sutton, in the county of^afo iingham in lieu of the said fettled estates. 

80. An act for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by sir "James Wright baronet, for sale of the manor of huf home tar^anf, and several woodlands and hereditaments in the county of Southampton, tojofeph Portal, esquire; and for laying out the money arifipg by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the same uses. 

81. An act to enable the r$yerend Richard Harrington, and the receiver for the time being of the estates of Arthur champer nowne esquire, an infant, to grant leases and sets of the same estates during his minority. - 

82. An al for veiling the fettled estate of Anthony Dean th younger, esquire, in the county of Worcefier, in trustees, to be fp.d; and for laying out the money arifingby such sale, together? 

v ooqle 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

there with other moneys therein mentioned, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the several uses therein expressed. 

83. An act for veiling the fettted estates of Henry Martin gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, in Elton, in the county of Huntingdon, in trustees, to be exchanged, or to be sold, and the money laid out in the purchase of other lands and heredita 

ments, to be fettled to the same uses, r 

84. An act to authorise sir Lawrence Dundas baronet, and the several other persons therein named, to insert in a deed of disposition and conveyance of lands and hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be fettled by articles made previous to the marriage of nomas Dundas esquire, with lady Charlotte his wife, the like power of exchange, as is contained in the settlement made previous to the said marriage, of certain estates of the said sir Lawrence Dundas, in England. 

85. An act for empowering the judges of the court of feffioit in Scotland to sell foch parts and portions of the entailed estates 

of Sbawfiold, and others, in the counties of Lanark and Argyte, ' 

belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfteld, esquire, as (hall be sufficient for payment of the debts affecting the same. 

86. An act for veiling the fettled estates of Thomas Bennett the younger, and 'Elizabeth his wife, in trustees, to be conveyed in exchange for other estates of greater value, to be fettled to the lame utes. 

* 87. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields in the manor and parish of Gratley, in the county of Southampton. 

* 88- An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the townships of Otley, and Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the county of York. 

89. An act for dividing and enclosing a common moor, or trad of waste ground, called Fourftones Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland. 

k 90. An act for dividing, enclosing, and preserving, a certain common, or parcel of waste ground, or marsh, called Saltney Marfb, within the manor and parish of Hawarden, in the county of flint, and for other the purposes therein mentioned. 

91. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the township of Olkrton, in the parish of ed urinftow, in the county of Nottingham. 

92. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds ^widiin the manor of Boljlerjlone, in the pa tiohof Ecclesfield, in the county of York. 

93. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, bills downs, pastures, and commonable lands, within the parish of Naunton, in the county of Gloucester. 

94. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields 

and commons, within the manor of Bofover, in the parishes of f 

o Bolfoyer 

A TABLE of the STATUTES: 

■bolfovtr and Clown, in the county of Derby. 

95. An act for dividing ana indofing certain open fields meadow, carr, common, and waste ground within the township of Dinniugton, in the parities of Saint Leonard and Scant Join, in the county of Tori. 

. 96. An act for dividing and indofing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and piri(h of Bolnhurfl, in the county of; and 

for exonerating certain andent indofures, within the aid manor and pari/h, from the payment of tithes. 

97. An act for dividing and indofing the open common fields, meadow grounds, common fen, cow pasture, and other commonable lands, in the parith of in the county of 

Lincoln. 

98- an.ad for dividing and indofing the commons and waste grounds, within the township of, in the pari/h of 

Halifax, in the county of Tori. 

99. An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, heath and waste grounds, of and within the pari/h of Maidfetri, in the county of Northampton. 

too.an ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the pari/h and liberties of ivooton, in the county of Northampton. 

101. An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common ground, and waste grounds, within the manors or lordlhips of Roufltnth and Bedford, in the pari/h of Roufl, in the county of wtr ttfler. 

102. An act to di/lojve the marriage of sir Patrici Blaie ba' ' 

with dame Annabella Blaie, bis now wife; and to enable 

him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

103. An act to di/tolve the marriage of Thomas, clerk, with Mary his wife; and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

104. An act to di/tolve the marriage of George Cbriftopher de gen, with Catherine Furlong, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

105. An act to di/tolve the marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin esquire, with Mary his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

106.. An act to enable Edmund hartof/p (lately called Edmund bunnty)efquire, and the heirs of his body by Ann his wife, to take and use the surname, and bear the arms of Hartopp. 

107. An act for naturalising Court Henry Dirs. 

108. An act for naturalising Phillippe Befnard. 

109. An ad concerning certain estates heretofore of Frantss 

Keci esquire, deceased, in the counties of Wilts, (that 

is to say) for veiling fucb part thereof which batb.been sold under 

A TABLE of the STATUTES; 

der a decree and subsequent order of the court of chancery, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same; and for carrying into execution an agreement concerning other parts of such estates; and for confirming and carrying into execution a partition made, purfoant to the said decree and subsequent order, of so much of the said estates as remain unsold;, and for veiling pan of foch estates in Diana Mary Barter, and her heirs, fob jea to the trusts in the will of Francis Baber esquire, deceased, and the rcfidue in trustees, to be sold; and for directing thoi application of the money which (hall arise by such file; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

no. An adt for veiling certain meltuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parish of in the county of 

Kent, comprised in the marriage settlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his wife, in trustees, to the several uses within mentioned; and also for veiling certain other meltuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of, 

Ham, Sholdon, and Poultons, in the said county of Kent, called poul/on Farm, and Wejl Street, and Park Gate, intailed 

upon the iffoe male of the said Shovel Blackwood, in other trustees, to the several uses within mentioned. 

in. An act for veiling in trustees certain messuages, lands, and tenements, in the county of Surrey, fettled in and by the will of Thomas Bridges esquire, deceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to articles; and for laying out the purchase money in other lands and tenements, to be fettled to the uses of the said will. 

1x2. An act for dividing, allotting, indofing, and draining, certain moors, or pieces of wade land, within the parishes of Saint John and Saint Bene dill, in Glqftonbury, in the county of Somerjct. 

_ 113. An alto enable James Rstmball, now called James gfuilter, his fim and other Tonnes, and their heirs male, to take and use the surname, and bear the coat armour, of, in pursuance of the will of James $>uilter, esquire, deceased. 

Passed Anno decimo nono 

GEORGII III Regis. 

Being the Fifth Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain. 

public ACTS. 

Cap. i.t?or further continuing an act, made inf the seventeenth J? year of the reign or his present Majesty, entitled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons (barged tvitb, or fufpcfted of \ the crime of high treason, committed in any of! his Majesty s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasy j or the irime of piracy. 

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventynine. 

Cap. 3- For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thoofand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

Cap. 4. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muslins, calicoes, and coffee. 

Cap. 5. For granting relief to the captors of pnzes, with refpe# to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom. 

Cap. 6. To authorise the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time being, to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral Sir Hugh palier against the honourable admiral Augustus Keppel, to be hoiden on Shore. 

Vol. XXXII C Cap. 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 7. For making the church or chapel erected by 

Charles Roe esquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of cherer, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the same, and vetting the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his heirs and assigns;; for other purposes. 

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his majesty’s marine forces while on (hore. 

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any lhips or vessels, for a limited time. 

Cap. 10 For repealing an alt, made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act far the mere easy and better recruiting of his Majefiy's land forces and marines •, and for substituting other and more efieltual prorifions in the place thereof. 

Cap. 11. For rendering more beneficial an alt, made in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Second, entitled. An act for eftablijbing agrtmentsy made between Charles Brandling efquirey and other perjons, proprietors of landsy for laying down a wagon way in order for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with cooky by enabling the said Charles Brandling to fuppiy Annually, a larger quantity of coals to and tor the use of the said town and neighbourhood * and for regulating the prices of carrying coals from the repository at caffon dose. 

Cap. 12. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate. 

Cap. 13. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the several hundreds of Hartfmere, Hoxne^ and Tbredting, in the county of Suffolk. 

Cap. 14. Eor the better fuppiy of mariners, and fearoen to serve in his majefiy’s (hips of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading (hips and vessels. 

Cap. 15. To continue an all, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hisprefent Majesty, (entitled. An act for regulating madhoufesy) for a further time therein limited. 

Cap. 16. For puniflhing mutiny and defenion $ and for the better payment of (he army and their quarters. 

Cap. 17. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for amending, explainingy and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the government of bis ma jefiy jhtpsy veffchy and Jones by f a. 

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money by way of aiv nuities, and for eftabjilhing a lottery. 

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and ebathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and eventy nine. 

Cap. 20. For the better raising and Securing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and * u matters 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

, tnafters, in the univerflties of Saint gl/ifgtnu, Edinburgh, 

and Aberdeen and for repeating two acts made in the (Seventeenth and twenty feeorrd years of the reign of his late majesty King Geerge the Second for those purposes. 

Cap. 21. For licensing and regulating lottery office keepers. / 

Cap. 22. To continue several laws relating to the giving further < encouragement for the importation of naval stores from the I British colonies in America, to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the dilbontimiing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs’ lard, and grease; to the regulating the •feea of officers of the customs and naval officers in America \ to i the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and \ othef articles to his maiefty’s sugar cronies in America; and to 1 the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (lores to be consumed on board merchant (hips on their voyages. 

Cap. 23. More effectually to enable the president and governors of the hospital or infirmary at Bath, established by an act, paflfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Geerge the Second, entitled. An act for eflablijkings and well governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath, to take or acquire and hold, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or persona! property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, pursuant to any will, or otherwise, to the amount limited in the said a61. 

Cap. 24. For charging the lands within the north level, pars of the great level of the fens called Bedford Levels and diverse lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowhnd, with further taxes for a limited time, for difeharging the debts incurred by thecom raifiioners under an act of the twenty seventh year of King George the Second; and for better supporting and preserving the drainage of the said lands. 

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the nfpoftive commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain. 

Cap. 26. To continue and amend an act, made in the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for the encouragement of the white herring fishery. 

Cap. For further continuing and extending the provisions of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present majesty9for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation offoreign raw linen yarns made dfflax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and Jlriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, faceting, and other linen if above a certain breadth. 

28. To permit, during the present hostilities with Fftmee9 certain goods enumerated in the act of navigation to be imported 

C 2 in 

A TABLE of the STATUTES; 

in briti/h built (hips sold to foreigners, and for releasing (hips and goods which have been seized in pursuance of the fajd adt. 

Cap. 29. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, in the Ijle of Wight, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftrtdlions as corn, grain, and flobr, are allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an al, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate, the importation and exportation cf corn. 

Cap. 30. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the hundred of Cosford (except the parish of Hadleigh,) and also of the parish of Poljled, within th hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk. 

Cap. 31. For building a new afiize or townhall and market house, within the city or borough of Wells in the county of Somerset; and for regulating the markets within the said city or borough. 

Cap. 32. For continuing and amending two acts, made in the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, and the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glajlonbury, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset 5 and for repairing the road tfrom Piper's Inn aforesaid to atbelney bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the city or borough of Wells in the said county, and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein. 

Cap. 33. For draining, improving, and preserving, the lowlands in the par idles of Altcar9 Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the hill, irt the county palatine of Lancaster. 

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an adl parted in the seventh year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the south level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, We, and the hard lands of Bottifham, Swaffham Bulbeck, wswaffham Prior, Eajl\ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company cf conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, com tnonly called Inverted Lands.. 

Cap. 35. To repeal so much of several adls of parliament, as prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland and to permit the importation cf tobacco of the growth and prodbee of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the British colonies in America is permitted to be imported. 

Cap. 36. For eredring a tnarket house, and regulating the markets, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places within the said borough. 

Cap. 37: 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cap. 37. For granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hemp, or the growth of the kingdom of Ireland for a limited time. 

Cap. 38. For altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candletntis terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland. 

Cap. 39. For paving, repairing, cleansing, andjighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford; and for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances therein. 

Cap. 40. For better securing the duties on starch 

# 41. For granting a drawback of the duties, imposed by f an act of the last session of parliament, upon all foreign wines ex[ [ from Great Britain to any British colony or plantation ip \ America, or to any British settlement jn the Eajl Indies. 

Cap. 42. To enable the trustees for putting in execution an a of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for buildr ing a bridge at Worcester, over the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the aid bridge, to finish and complete the said bridge, and to carry the purposes of the said act into execution. 

Cap. 43. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debt within the soak of Horncaftle, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parish of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth ejke, Ludborougb, and Calceworth* and parishes of Wrangle Leak Leverton* Benington* Butter wick Freiflon, and Fijbtoft* in the hundred of Skirbeci* in the county of Lincoln. 

■ Cap. 44. For the further relief of protestant dissenting ministers and school matters. 

Cap. 45. To enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler to sell and dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements, within their survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the laid duchy. 

Cap. 46, For building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Pembroke. 

Cap. 47. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose adrniffions have been omitted to be stamped ac' ' to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or miilaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiifions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks attorneys and solicitors. 

Cap. 48. To explain so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An ass for the encouraging and increaftng of Jhipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other bis Mac 

3 

jefty 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

jefty’s dominions, of goods and commodities of the growth of 

production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured m foreign parts; for preventing matters of (hips removing their vessels out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, in the port pf London, before the goods are discharged* or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers inwards or outwards 5 and for al jowihg the officers of the customs and excise to make use of lights rt board (hips in the haven, dock, or basin, at the port of Kingjlon upon Hull. 

Cap. 49. To prevent abuses in the payment of wages to persons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory. 

Cap. 50. For more effectually preventing frauds by private distillers, and for the better securing the duties on low wines m.d.. fplrits. 

Cap. 51. Far granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting hories to hire for travelling in the manner therein mentioned j and certain duties on ell horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling port, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned. 

Cap. $2. For taking off the duty upon all fait used ip the curing of pilchards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards consumed at home only. 

Cap. $3. For difeontinuing the duties on cotton wool, the growth and product of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom. 

Cap. 54. For further continuing, for a limited time, an acv made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to authorise, for a limited time, the pumfhment, by hard labour, of offenders, who, for certain crimes, are or hall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations. 

Cap. 55. For enlarging the times appointed for the meetings of corhmillioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament. 

Cap. 56. For altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auftioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfts, goods, and other things, sold by auction and upon indentures, hafes, bonds, deeds, and other injlruments; as relates to the method ot granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on estates and goods sold by auction. 

Cap. 57. For the better providing of a maintenance for the vicar of the parish of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry. 

Cap. 58. For preserving the navigation of the river Lee in the counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex. 

Cap. 59. For repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting: to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houies in (treat Britain, ah for amending the said act 1 and 

* * aifo* 

cjooqie 

A TABLE of the STATUTES, 

also for amending so much of an ad, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all fervams retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned. 

Cap. 60. For eftablilhing certain payments to be made to the Vicar of the parish of Saint Michael in the city of Coventry for the time being in lieu of tithes; and for repealing so much of an ad of the fouith and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the said parish. 

Cap. 61, For continuing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl indies for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the Enjl Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time, so much of an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An afl for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in .Europe, as wilt expire in the course of the present year. 

Cap. 62. To permit the removal of lime, and other articles necemry for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond. 

Cap. 63. For railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventynine. 

Cap. 64. For railing a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

Cap. 65. For the further augmentation of the salaries of the puisne justices of the courts of king’s bench and common pleas, and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at West, 

, For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, ana paper; and for better fecur mg the stamp duties upon indentures, leases, deeds, and other instruments. 

Cap. 67. For the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majelly's navy. 

Cap. 68. For explaining, amending, and rendering more ef fetfual, an act parted in the twenty.third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more easy andfpcedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets. 

Cap. 69. For the more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of smuggling in this kingdom; and tor indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned 

Cap. 70. For extending the provisions of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, entitled. An all to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrejls; and for other purposes. 

Cap. 71. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein 

mentioned 

A TABLED the STATUTES. 

ipentionpd for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and for further appropriating the sup flies granted in this session of parliament. 

Cap. 72. To explain, amende and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain proviftons relative to thefen cibk* men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 

Cap. 73. For enabling his Majelty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 74.. To explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders. 

Cap. 75. For removing certain difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual manning of his majesty’s navy, for ^ limited time.. 

Cap, 76. For augmenting the militia. 

Cap. 77. To enable the commissioners of his majesty’s treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from James Gildart nd his sureties, and for vesting the estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term of an a<51, passed in the twelfth year of his present majesty’s reign, for*building a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, between the town of ncw cajlje upon Tyne and Gatejhead, in the county of Durham; for completing the new (lone bridge oyer the said river; and for making tne avenues to, and the passage over the same mor 

pommodious. 

Cap. 79. For enlarging the term and powers of an ads, mad in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled, An aq for repairing the road from the turnr pike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to lammerton hdl, and also the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town a/berwick. 

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his mnjefty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Thirfk over Skipton Bridge, through Balderfby, to balderfby gate, adjoining to button moore, in the way to Ripon; and through Ainderby, Quernow, and Nofterfield, by Well fja flies Gate, to Mafham, in the county of York; and likeiviji for removing the toll house and turpike gates at Busby Stobb, in the said county, to feme other convenient place in the road leading from borough bridge to the city Durham. 

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairings widening, and rendering fate and commodious several roads leading from the town of South Molron, in the fqunty of Devon. 

ap. 82. For continuing the term and altering and en 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Itrging the powers of an ads, paired in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing ana widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Lekefter, through the town of Lutterworth, in the faii county, to the city Coventry. 

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms and powers of three adlsf passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, and in*the fifteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county of bucking bam, sofar as the same relate to the road from the west end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex. 

Cap. 84. For widening and repairing a lane casted Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the market house in the town of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said county; and for turning the course of the prefenf road, leading from ray mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforesaid. 

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an at, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from afhby derja zouch, in the county of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the county of'stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said county. 

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term of an act, made in the twerity eighth year of King George the second, entitled. An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, Warefley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a house called The Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the feveralcounties Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford. 

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an ads, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the rood from Cfoefterfield, to the turnpike road at Hernftone iane Head j and elfe the road branching from the said road, upon the east moor, through Barflow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said roads again wardlow mires; and also the road leading between the said road and branch, from calver bridge to baflow bridge; and also the road from the turnpike road, near newhaven house, to the turnpike road near Grindlefordbridge, in the county of Derby. 

Cap. 88. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an adl, made in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewlbury to Eaiand, in the ivejl riding of the county of York. 

Cap. 89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an adt* made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending several roads leading from Upton', in the county of ivorccjler, and other roads therein mentioned, and for amending the road leading from the 

mu 

A TABLE of the STATUTES, 

Cnfsi In the parish of Hanky Caflk, in the said county, to the river Severn. 

Cap, go. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, palled in the twenty sixth year of the reign ofhis late Majesty, r repairing the road from the borough of Lcicefter, in the county of Lcicefter, to the town of afhby de ia zouch, in thefaii county. 

Can. oi. For more effectually repairing the road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghtll, in the county of Warwick and for repealing the ftveral laws now in force relating to the said road. 

Cap. 92. For more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Prefer in the county palatine of Lanccjier \ and for repealing several acts, made in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and the fourth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads. 

Cap. 93. For amending and keeping in repair the road from a certain bridge over a brook or stream called Sudbroot, ntar the city of Glouctfter, to the nine mile (tone on the Brifol road, at Or neat a place called The Clay Pits, in the county of guuce/ier. 

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying the powers, of two s, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late Maiefty, for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, and (everal other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Dcrfet9 Sotntrfet and Wilts. 

Cap. 95. For repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the rcigrn of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing ana widening the road from Alemouth, through the town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the town of Hexham; andauo the road leading out of the afore faii road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to jockey’s like Bridge, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for thfe repair of the said roads 

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hatherfage, Hope, and Caftleton, to sparrowpit gate, in the county of Derby, and from The guide poll, near barber’s Fields Cupola, through Grind leford bridge, Great huckjow, Tidfwell, hardgate wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby. 

Cap. 07. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Carlitle to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, and from the jaid town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland. 

Cap. 98. 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

Cep. 98. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an at, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the mad boding firm Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurft, in the county of Sussex, to the town and port i/haftiftgs, .in the find county. 

Cap 99. For repairing and widening the road from Gander lane in the county of Derby to Sheffield in rtie west riding of the county of Tori; and alfb the road branching out of the said road at or near atojbrough gyreen, in the laid county of Dtrhy* to Chwn, in the same county. 

Cap joo. For enlarging the term and altering and varying the powers' of so much of an ad, made in the tbifty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for re fairing severed reads leading to the town Bridgewater, in the county ef Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned as relates to the roads leading to the said town. 

Cop iqi. For enlarging the term and powers of two acta made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from ox downgate in popham lane to the city of Winchester, andfront the said aty through Hurfley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurftcy afonfatd u the turnpike road at Romfty, and from the said turnpike road through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Long ham bridge, and Winborne Minster m the county of Dorset, and for amending and widening the rt>ad from ringwood gate in the hud county of Southampton to Wootfbridge* ind from a street called The Hundred at Romfty* through Cbilmrtb* to the river at Swath ling in the said county. 

Gup. ioa. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair that roads leading from lumewfach* in the county of (Carmarthen to the town of Landovery* and from thence through the town of Liangatbck to the river Amman and several other roads in the said county communicating therewith. 

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an ad, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing widening and keeping in repair several roads hading from Kidwelly, in the county of Carmarthen, and also several mads boding from Llandllo, in the said county sofar as relates to the roads included in the Kidwelly district; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the (hid county. 

Cap. 104. For continuing the term and titering and enlarging tint powers of an ad, made in the thlrty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the rottd from the Swan Inn at Leirherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spiral or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoke, near the town of Goldeford, in the county of Surrey. 

Cap. 105. For continuing the term and altering the powers pf at ad, made in the tvrenty iuuh year of the reign of his lata 

majesty 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

majesty ksng Gcorgt the Second, for repairing the road from the city of Carlille, in the county of Cumberland, to the market and seaport town /workington in thefaid county y sofar as the same relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and work ington afofefaid. 

Cap. 106. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Borough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland, by the end Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said county. 

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for amending, widen ingy and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county 0/ Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of moto Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhoufe, opposite to the town of Conway, in the county Carnarvon;; from Ruthin to the said town of Mould; as relates to the district of road from the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridgey in the county of Flint. 

Cap. jo. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for widening and repairing the highroad leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and Jrom the said town of Kirkby in Kendal through the town 

Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the said county West more 

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty' King George the Second, entitled, An act for amending, widen ingy and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county (/denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county / Flint; and from the town Mould to Northop, Holywell, ^rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhoufe, opposite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to tin said town of Mould; as relates to the district of road from the town of Ruthiny in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Mouldy in the county of Flint. 

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Lantriflent, and also the road leading from Newbridge to a place called the Old Furnace, all in the county of Glamorgan. 

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, parted in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for amendingy widening and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parijb of Melk 

ftiam. 

A TABLE of the STATUTES 

(ham, through Googes Lane, Corfham, Biddeftone, and West Yauon, to the turnpike roadr at Upper Comb, in tbeparijhof ca(lie comb, in the county of Wilts. 

Cap. 112. For continuing the term of an at of the thirtieth “year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from The Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corfham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath Eafton Bridge, in the county of Somerset. 

Cap. 113. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy, in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich; and by Spittle Hill in Stanthom, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of Northwich, in the county palatine Chester. 

Cap. 114. For reviving and continuing the term and varying the powers of an alt, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, for amendingy widening, and keeping in repaid several roads leading from the market house, and elsewhere, in the town Ludlow, in the county ysalop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or ide gate, in thp parish of ajhford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Glee Hilly in the laid county. 

(Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<51, pasted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester to the town of $trpud, and that part of Rodborough Hill which leads to dud bridge; and also the road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley, sit far as the bottom of Gulf Hill; all in the county of Gloucester. 

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of an al, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.. 

Cap. 117. For making and repairing several roads round the city of Brifiol* 

Cap. 118, For amending the road from the nine mile (lone on the Brijlol road, at or near a place called The Clay pitsy to or near the chapel at Stone; and also the roads to and near Berkley, Durjley, Hot tonne under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury 5 and several other roads in the counties of Gloueejler and Wilts. 

Cap. 119. For reducing into one at of parliament the several laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittenfor to the mod northern part of Tuli on the Hilly in Butt Laney in the county of Stafford \ and for repairing the road from Parlaflone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the town or village of Tittenfor aforefeid. 

Cap. 120. For continuing the term, ’and altering and enlarging the powers, of several ass of parliament, made in the tenth year pf the reign of queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the Firs, and the twenty second year of his late Majesty, for. repairing 

A TABLE of the STATUTES, 

PRIVATE ACTS. 

I. A N aft fqr eatinguifhing the right of common upon eer tain enclosed lands, within the parith of winfortoh, in the county of Hereford. 

2. An act for naturalising John Daniel Hose. 

3. An act for dividing and enclosing the common, or waste land within the parith of Wood ra/iwick, in the county of Norfolk. 

4. An act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the powers given 

in and by an act, parted in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Floor, othermfc Flower, in the county of Northampton; and for making the same more effectual for the purposes therein mentioned. 

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common paftqres, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and' within the parith and libera ties of Bugbrook, in the county of Northampton. 

6. An act for naturalising Theodoras Martinus Mifpclblom Beijer. 

7. An act fpr dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open 

fields, meadows, and commonable places, in the parith of Barkby, in the county of Leieejler. ’ 

8. An act for confirming and eftablithing the division and allotment of the common or open fields, and common downs, within the manor of Million and Brigmerjlon, in the county of Wilts. 

9. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parith of Brattleby, in the county of Lincoln. 

10. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leieejler. 

11. An act tor dividing and enclosing a common stinted pasture, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of West Witton, in the north riding of the county of York. 

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, common partuses, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the hamkt, vill, or tithing, of Ablington, in the parith of Bibury, in the county of Ghucefier. 

. 13. An act for dividing and inciofing certain open common fields, meadows, partures, and other commonable lands, in the parith of Binton, and in the hamlet of Drayton, in the parith of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick. 

14. An 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

14. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, or waste land, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the pari (hi of coufbill, in the county of Warwick. 

15. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields within the parish or Cohbam, in the county of Surry. 

16. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste 

Sounds within the township of Lepton, in the parish of kirk aton, in the west riding cf the county of Tori. 

17. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable places, in the lord (hips or liberties of Kmgbt Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the county of Leiceficr. 

*8. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds,, in the township of Afkwith, in the parish of Weflon, in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

19* An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Broom, in thf county of Stafford. 

20. An act to difiblve the marriage had between the right honourable Hugh baron Percy, Lucy, roynings, Fitzpayne, Bryan, and Latimer, and the right honourable Ann baroness Percy his wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

ar. An act to enable Nathaniel Lee Aston esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Lee before and jointly with the surname of acton, pursuant to the will Oi baplkjl Lee esquire, tieceafed. 

22. An act to enable William House the younger, and others therein deferibed, to take and use the surname and arms of Nowell, pursuant to the will of William Newell esquire, deceased. 

. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of The blejjed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the right honourable Jalm lord Monfon, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln. 

24. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Hertford and Buds, (the fettled estates of Jane Willfon, the wife of George Willfon esquire) in troftees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the same uses. 

25. An act for dividing, indofing, and allotting, certain commons or parcels of waste lands, called Dunfley and Haffcott Commons, within the manor and parish of Kenver, otherwise Kin fare, in the county of Stafford. 

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, furze leys, stinted common pastures, and waste grounds, in the ptrifo of Willingham, in the county of Lincoln. 

27. An 

liooqle 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. 

27. An adt for extinguishing the cattle gates or ieas upon certain dinted pastures, within the parifti of West Stower, in the county of Dorset; and for allotting lands in exchange for part of the glebe lands, and for the said cattle gates dr leas belonging to the impropriator of the said parifti. 

28. An act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands and grounds, and common or wade land, within the parifti of Aven Dajfett, in the county of Warwick. 

29. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parifti and liberties of Baity, in the county of Northampton, 

30. An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and alf other commonable lands and wade grounds, in the parifti of Mayfeyhampton, in the county of Gloucester. 

31. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, padures, and all other commonable lands within the manor and parifti of Himbleton, in the county of Worcejler. 

32. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the parifn of Grafton Flyford, in the county of Worcejler, 

33. An adt for dividing and enclosing the several open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, within and belonging to the townftiip of Cropthorn, in the parifti of crop thorn, and county of worce/ier. 

34. An adt for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parith of Elton, in the county of Huntingdon. 

35. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and waste land, within the parifti of Herberbury, otherwise har bury, in the county of Warwick. 

36. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Woodend, in the parifti of Blakejley, in the county of Northampton. 

37. An adt for dividing and enclosing the open fields, open meadows, common pastures, and common or waste grounds, within the townftiip of Stanton under Bardon, in the parifti of Thornton, and county of Leicejler. 

38. An adt for dividing, enclosing, and improving certain open fields, ings, meadows, and commons, or waste lands, within the parifti of Huttoft in the county of Lincoln. 

39. An adt for dividing, enclosing, and allotting, certain commons or waste lands, within the parifti of Cainham, in the county of Salop. 

40. An adt for dividing and enclosing a certain common or piece of waste ground within the townftiip of Fenwick, in the parifti of Campfale, in the west riding of the county of York. 

41. An 

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES. 

4*. An act for dividing and incloiing the open common fields, common meadows common pastures, commonable lands and wade grounds, Within the manor and parish of Badlands in the count; of Gloacejkt* 

4a. An za for dividing and inclofmg a certain open common arable field, and also certain commons and watte lands, within the manor and parish of Wtft Knighton in the county of dor/et. 

4$. An alt to enable John Raincocki and others therein de ftribed, to take and ule the surname and arms of Fleming, pursuant to the will of Fletcher Flmingi dcccafed. 

44* Ah za for naturalising Henry Amjinck. 

45. An alt for eftablilhing an exchange between George earl of shrew/lury, and Thomas Gilbert esquire, of diverse lands and hereditaments in the county of Stafford; and for the other purposes therein mentioned. 

46. An za for confirming a partition of fevers! ettates, in the counties of ivilts and Somerjety between the honourable Charles wioiam Windham and other the devisees of Charles late earl of Fgramont deceased, and their ifiue, and Charles marquis of Grandby, and Charlotte countess of Aylesford, and for vetting and fettling the same to the several uses therein mentioned and for several other purposes therein mentioned. 

, 47. An alt to enable the guardians of sir Charles Style baronet, an infant, to grant leases of his freehold ettates in Middlesex during his minority, and to pfife&uate the other purpoies therein mentioned. 

48. An za for feje of the next presentations to certain livings, late the ettates of Sir Qrifftb Boynton baronet, deceased, for payment of his debts, and for lubftituting other parts of bis estates to be charged with his younger children’s fortunes, in lieu of thole by his will charged therewith, and for other purport 

49. An za for sale of part of the fettled ettates of Henry Scaurfield esquire, situate in the county of Brecon, and for purchasing other ettates in the county of Pembroke, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses. 

50. An act for vetting in truftecs, and their heirs, the fettled estate of John Tempejl esquire, situate in the county of Kent, ir trull, to tell the same and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses, 

51. An alt to empower pertain persons to infranchife diverse popyhold and cuttomary lands and tenements within the several manors or lordlhips of Titcbjield> Lee Marks and Adirabell, cross font and Newland, in the county of Southampton \ and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

5a. An alt to enable John Bowater esquire, during his life, fhftd after his death the guardian or guardians of his ifiue male by the honourable Frances Boivater his wife during their refpeltivq infancies, to grant building leases of his fettled ettates at Wool web and Charltont ip the county of Kent. 

Vol. XXXJI, 4 $3 Aa 

/ 

A T A BL E of the ST AT U T E S. 

. 53. A adl to enable the executors and trustees of the wih of Charles Churchill esquire, deceased, and in the marriage settlement of Charles Churchill esquire, and lady Maria bis wife, to raise money by sale or mortgage or some of the trust fecuritics for advancing to the children, in their father’s lifetime, paros their portions provided for them by the settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his decease. 

54. An adl for veiling certain estates in the counties of gzr marthen^ Brecon and Radnor, (devised by the will of Roderick Gwynne esquire, deceased) in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising therefrom in the purebafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the same uses. 

55. An adl for varying certain provisions contained in an adl, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present majesty, for dividing and enclosing certain moors, commons, or trails of waste land, within the parish and manor of Lancbeftery in the county palatine of Durham. 

56. An adl for dividing and enclosing a certain tract of common or waftc ground, called Lower Darwen Moor in the parish of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancajler. 

57. An adl for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several open and common fields, moors, commons, and waste grounds in the parish of Irthingtony in the county of Cumberland. 

58. An adl for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Claxtony otherwise Long Clawfon, in the county of Leicejler. 

59. An adl for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the parish or liberties of Bucknelly in the county of Oxford. 

60. An adl for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, moors, and waste lands and grounds, within the manor and township of Amcotts, in the parish of althorpcy in the county of Lincoln. 

61. An adl for dividing and enclosing the commons and waflp grounds in the manor bf ajbover, in the county of Derby. 

62. An adl for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other common able lands, in the manor and hamlet of Dean, in the parish of Spelfburyy in the county of Oxford. 

63. An adt for dividing, enclosing, and allotting, certain commonable and waste lands, called A ft on Common, Marlfpit Common, and Cock Shutiy within the parish of Iron Afiony in the county of Gloucejler. 

64. An adl tor dividing and enclosing the common and open fields of Leire, in the county of Leijler. 

65. An adl for dividing and enclosing that part of the common or waste ground called Kingfwoody which lies in the parish f Stapletcny in the county of Gloucejler. 

66. An adl for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common Meadows, and common. 

-. able 

A T A B L E of the stat^l) T E 3. 

Me lands and grounds, within the parish 6f Clifford Chambers !n thi county crf Gloucefer. 

67. An a a for dividing and enclosing the open common fields. Common meadbws, wade lands, and commonable places, iwthin the parishes and liberties of Burton and Hulcot, in the county of Bucks. 

68. An act for confirming and establishing a division and in clofore of the common, or open fields and wade grounds, fcitthin the parish of Mtldenhall, in the county of Wilts; and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish. 

69. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Market Raiftn, in the county of Lincoln. 

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and common padures, lying and being within the manors, lordships, or. liberties, of Kibwortb Beauchamps Kibwortb Harcourt, and Smeton Wejlerby, in the parish of Kibwortb Beauchamp, in the county of Leicejler. 

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and wade lands, of and within the nfanor, lord (hip, or liberties of l\tiu Bowden, in the county of Northampton. 

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the oped add common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and other commonable lands, within the tithing of Mleot, in the parish of Kintbury, in the county of Berks. 

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Speen, in the county of Berks. 

74. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common or wade ground called Oulton Heath, in the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford'. 

. 75. An act for dividing and allotting the open common fields. Common meadows, common padures, wade lands, and commonable places, in the manor and parish of Wanborough, in the county of Wilts. 

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open ^ and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and 

other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish Cf Kiflingbury, in the county of Northampton. 

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manors and parishes of Milton, otherwise Middleton, Malfor, and Collingtree, ©therwife Collingtrougb, in the county of Northampton. 

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other cqiri jaonable and wade lands, of ldbury> Bowld, and Fofcott, withiii the manor and parish of Idbury$ in the county of Oxford. 

79. Ah 

ljooq le 

A TABLE of the STATUTES 

79. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open field, meadows, pastures, commons, forest and wade grounds, in the parish of Caherton, in the county of Nottingham. 

80. An alt for making the exemplification of the last will 

end teftamenc of Mary Edwards, deceased, evidence in all the courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Inland., 

8r. An alt for naturalising Peter Daillf Bonnevaux• 

8a. An alt for naturalising John $ellon. 

83. An a A for naturalising fames cbarnauj 

84. An alt for appointing new trustees, in the place of tho/e deceased, for sale of so much of the estates late of sir William Dalflon knight, as will be sufficient for the payment of his debts and legacies by his will charged thereon, 

85. An alt for enabling the trustees, named in the will of 

Richard Perfehowfe, late of Reynolds Hall, in the county ofstaf ford eiquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at interest, oa mortgage of the freehold estates late of the said Richard perse boqufe> any sum or Turns of money not exceeding the Turn of three thousand three hundred pounds, to be applied ity or towards the purchase of the copyhold estates late of the said Richard Perfehowfe.; 

86. An alt for vesting in trustees the timber and wood growing upon the estate late belonging to Thomas Rous esquire, deceased, in the county of ivorceller, in trust, to sell the same, and apply the moneys srifing therefrom towards difeharging. certain encumbrances affelting the (aid estate, and for the other purposes therein mentioned. 

87. An alt for sale of the estates of the kite John jntcoh, of jwfs/r, in the county of Tori esquire, for payment of his debts, 

88. An alt for dividing and enclosing the several open com imms* moors, and waste grounds, within the manor and town slip of ecctefcdu in the parity of Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of Tori, 

89. An alt for dividing and enclosing the open common field, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor ana parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the county of Northampton. 

00. An alt to dissolve the marriage of Francis Osborne, baron Gfborne, of Kiveton, in the county of Tori, commonly called marquis of Carmarthen, with lady Amelia d’arcy, baroness Conyers, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

91. An a A for confirming and carrying into execution, a a award touching certain questions and disputes between the right honourable Edward lord Beaulieu and Jfabella lady Beaulieu ms wife, and the moil noble George duke of Montagu, Henry duke of Butcleugb, and Elizabeth dutchefc of Buuleugh his wife, and the right honourable Charles William, eldest fon of the said duke anddutchefs of Buccleugh, commonly called earl of Dalkeith. 

92. An alt to enable the trustees of certain estates situate in the parishes of Saint Mary Redtliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of 

them. 

Good' 

TABLE of the STATUTES. 

them, in the city of Bristol, given by Thomas Eden the elder, late of Broadmarjlon, in the parifti of Pebworth9 in the county of Gloucejier, gentleman, for charitable uses, to grant building leases thereof. 

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several whole year lands, common fields, half year lands, (hack meadows and heaths, and other commons, waste and commonable lands, within the parifti of Darfmgham, otherwise Derfwgham> in the county of Norfolk. 

94. An act for dividing and inclofmg the commons or moors, and waste grounds, within the manor or lordftiip of Morland) in the parifti of Morland, in the county of Wejlmoreland. 

95. An act for dividing, allotting and enclosing, certain open and common fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands, meadows, and waste lands, within the parifti of chijledon% in the county of Wilts. 

96. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the whole year lands and breaks, common fields, half year lands and heaths, and commons, and commonable and waste lands, within the parifti of Grimjlon, in the county of Norfolk. 

97. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste grounds Within the townftiip of Cranage, in the county palatine of Cbejler. 

98. Aft ad for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Hafland) in the county of Derby. 

99. An act to confirm and establish the division and allotment of certain commons or forests and waste lands within the parifti of elkjieyy, in the county of Nottingham. 

100. An act for dividing and inclofmg the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parifti and manor of Taplowi in the county of Buckingham. 

101. An act to difiolve the marriage of Henry Sealy, with Ann Woodroffe his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

102. An act to difiolve the marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Bewell esquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Birmingham) his now wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

103. An act to difiolve the marriage of Charles Bromfield with Ann Broom his now wife, and to enable him to marry again \ and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

104. An act to difiolve the marriage of Charles Francois du mergue with Ann Catherine his now wife j and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpose?. 

105. An act for dividing and enclosing the open wastes and commons, lying in the manor of Slegil), in the county of west jnoreland. 

vol. XXXII 

The End of the TABLE, 

e 

J 

THE 

S T A T UT E S at Large, 

....U r ■ — ■,,, : i •* ' ■ i ■ ■■■ 

Anno regni G E O R g11 III mag nee Britannia, Franc, 

'decimo 

, 1 

AT //&<? parliament begun and held at west minster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Domini 1774, ' /« the fifteenth year of the reign f ourfovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C .And from thence continued by several prorogation, to the twentieth day o/'november, 1777; be 

fourteenth parliament of Great Britain 

CAP. I. 

An act for continuing an act, made in the laji fefjion of parliament entitled, An adt to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty’s colonies or plantation in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy. 

WHEREAS an act was made in the laf jejjion of this Preamble. 

preftnt parliament, (entitled, An adt to empower his *7 III Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected cap. 9. recited of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty V colonies or plantatibns in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy;) which aft was to continue and be in force until the firjl day of January, one thoufanifeveh hundred andfeventy eighty and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said act Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king’s most Vo*.. XXXII B excellent 

/ 

2 Anno decirro octavo Georgii III C 2-6. ' f *778. 

f 

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present and further parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That 1^1^79? and all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, 

J ‘ * * and qualifications therein contained, (hall be, and the same are 

hereby further continued until the first day of January one thtmfand seven hundred and seventy nipe, and no longer, 

C a p. ir. 

An act for granting an aid to his Majcftv by a land tax, to be raised in Britain, for the service of the year one thouiand seven hundred and fevt nty eight. At Jour billings in the pound. 

CAP. III 

An act for continuing and granting to his Majetty certain duties upon piah, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service cf the year one thoufond seven hundred and seventy eight. 

CAP. IV 

An act for punifliin* mutiny and desertion \ for the better payment of the army and their quarters. 

CAP. V 

aft for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, 

CAP. VI 

An a El for th better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majeflfs Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other trading hips and vejfels. 

Preamble T? O R the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Jl Majeffs hips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other fading Jbips and vejf/h; be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From the paf assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and ung of this pfter the palling of this aft, until tyre twenty-fifth day of March, aft till March qrie tfipufand seven hundred and seventy nine, and no longer, *5* 1t3fhid1cr* fexccpt in respect xo such merchant (hips, and other trading etc.^mav he mips vcftels, which shall be on their voyage before the said navigated by twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and three fourths seventy nine, who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty toreignica. an(j bencgt 0f returning home navigated in the manner as here mcn\ in after is provided,) it shall and may be lawful for any merchant 

(hip, or other trading (hip or vcitej, to be navigated by foreign ^ teamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of 

any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or bis majesty’s natural or naturalised subjects, fo as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of themariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading (bip or veflej, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen fo employed,, be at all times natives qr bis majesty’s naturalised subjects of Great Britain, (sudden 

death 

.. > 

1778*] Anno decimo o£tav6 Georgii III C 7-1 II § 

death and hazard and casualties of war, and the Teas, saved and. excepted,) one aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the second, (entitled. 

An act for the encouraging and increasing of/hipping and navigation,) or any other stature or law to the contrary'notwithftanding. 

II Provided always That nothing in this aft contained shall This aft nt extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro j®tai damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, are impow mation to be ered to make by virtue of an act; passed in the thirteenth year made purfuartt of his late majesty’s reign, (entitled. An at for the better supply to an act 13 tf mariners and seamen, to serve in his Majejiys lips of war, and on Gco* * board merchant Jbips and other trading hips and privateers) 

CAP. VII 

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wigton. 

CAP. VIII 

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Bristol. 

CAP. IX 

Aa aft for taking down the parith church of lhford, being a vicarage united to thf rectory of Achurcb, in the county of .Northampton) and for repairing the parith church of Achurch afofeiaid j and for other * 

purports therein mentioned. 

CAP. X 

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made id the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the second, for building a bridge over the rier Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry } and for making, repairing, and widening roadc from thence into the great roads at Snare (brook, in the county of Essex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlcfex. 

CAP. XI 

An act for repealing an act, paf/td in the fourteenth year of his fire sent Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the ma/fachufets Bay in New England. 

WHEREAS the province of the Maffachufets Bay had for pre*mbi*4 

many years been governed under a charter, granted by their late majesties King William and Queen Mary : and whereas an asl, ^ ^ched* pajftdm the fourteenth year of his present Majesty reign, entitled, * rec * An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the maffachu/ets Bay in New England, has been found to create great uneafineffes in the minds of the inhabitants of the aid province and has occasioned jealouftes and qpprehenfions of danger to their liberties and rights in/evtral other of the colonies and plantations in North America : for quieting and extinguifking such uneafineffes and ap prehenfms, be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and * temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the repealed palling of this aft, the (aid aft, of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, be, and the same is hereby re ® pealed. 

Ba CAP. 

4 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 12. [1778. 

t. CAP. XII 

Aft aft for removing all doubts and apprehenfiom concerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain in any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North America and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present maje/ly, as imposes a duty on tea imported from Gfeat Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or relates thereto, 

Preamble. \KJ 9 ^ ^ AS taxation by the parliament of Great Britain, 

VV for the purpose of raiftng a revenue in his Majesty's coloniesi ‘ provinces, and plantations, in North America, has been found by 

experience to occasion great uneafmejfes and disorders among his maje fly faithful subjects, who may nevertheless be disposed to acknowledge, the ju/lire of contributing to the common defence of the empire, provided such contribution Should be raised under the authority of tlx general court, or general assembly, of each respective colony, province, or plantation: and whereas, in order as well to remove the said unea jineffes, and to quiet the minds of his Mojejly's subjects who may be iijpofed to return to their allegiance, as to rejlore the peace and welfare of all his Majesty s dominions, it is expedient to declare that the King and parliament of Great Britain will not impose any duty, tax, 0r assessment, for the purpose of raising a revenue in any of the colonies, provinces, or plantations: May it please your Majesty that it may be declared and cnafted; and it is hereby declared and enabled by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confetit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the No tax to be Authority of the same, That, from and after the pafling of this aft, the King and parliament of Great Britain will not impose king and par any duty, tax or assessment whatever, payable in any of his liament of majesty’s colonies, provinces, and plantations, in North America Great Britain, or the iveft Indies; except only such duties as it may be expeon any of the dient to impose for the regulation of commerce; the net pro norme duce duties to be always paid and applied to and for the 

rica or the use of the colony, province, or plantation, in which the same wht Indies: (hall be respectively levied, in such manner as other duties col excepr, etc. Icfted by the authority of the relpeftive general courts, or general assemblies, of fiich colonies, provmces, or plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied. 

So much of an II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, aft 7 Geo. iii.from and after the parting of this aft, so much of an act, made as impoics a the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An 

imported from for zratltxnz ttrtain duties in the British colonies and plantations 

Great Britain ** America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of cufioms upon into America, the exportation from this kingdom of coffee and coconuts of the pro repealed. guce 0f the said colonies or plantations; for difeontinuing the drawback r payable on China earthen ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the dandtffme running of goods in the said colonies and plantations; as imposes a duty on tea imported from 'Great Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or has ' relation to the laid duty, be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

CAP. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 1 3, 

CAP. XIII 

5 

An act to enable his Maicjly to appoint commijjioners with sufficient powers to treaty tonne fait y and agree upon the means of quieting the disorders now fubftfling in certain of the colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America. 

FOR the quieting and extinguijhing of diverse jcaloufies and op Preamble. 

prebenfions ef danger to their liberties and rights, which have alarmed many of his Majeftys subjects in the tclcnies, provinces, and plantations of New Hamplhire, Maflachufets Bay, Rhode Island; Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties d//delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia and for a full manifejlition of the just and X gracious purposes of his Majesty, and his parliament, to maintain and secure all his fubjefls in the clear and perfect enjoyment of their liberties and rights; be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it (hall and may hismajefty be lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, by letters patent impowed to i under the great feal of Great Britain, to authorise and empower co^itfrfonrrs five able and sufficient persons, or any three of them, wto treat, to lreat ]wirh consult, and agree with anybody or bodies politic and corpo the Americans rate, or with any assembly or assemblies of men, or with any for red rtfs ot person or persons whatsoever, of and concerning any grievances, gt, evanccat or complaints of grievances, existing, or supposed to exist, in the government of any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations refpedhvely, or in the laws and statutes of this realm respecting the same; and of or concerning any aid or contribution to be furnished by any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations refpcdfively, for the common defence of this realm, and the dominions thereunto belonging; and of and concerning any other regulations, provisions, matters, and things, necessary or convenient for the honour of his Majesty, and his parliament, and for the common good of all his subjects. 

II Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. That Thc rerala *0 regulation, provision, matter, or thing, fo proposed, treated, “™s»etc* confulred, or agreed, (hall have any other force or effedf, or be finally carried further into execution, than is herein after mentioned binding until and provided, until the same (hall have been confirmed by par confirmed by iiament. parliament. ^ 

III Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Commifftonert aforesaid. That in order to facilitate the good purposes of this may order a adt, his Majesty may lawfully enable the said commiftioners, or Jofttlities tf any three of them, from time to time, to order and proclaim a cenation of hostilities, on the part of his majesty’s forces, by sea or land, for any time, and under any conditions or restrictions;; such order and proclamation to revoke and annul in the same manner and form. 

IV And be it further enacted,, it fhajl and may be His Mayfly 

b3 

lawful mayimpo* 

6 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C r. [1778. 

the commis lawful for his Majesty, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to fendr#b° r' aul^or^c an empower the said commissioners, or any three of eumationfthe them, by proclamation under their respective hands and seals, prohibitory from time to time, to suspend the operation and effect of a of p6geo. certain ai of parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth year W of the reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting all trade and 

intercoprfe with certain colonies and plantations therein named, and for the other purposes therein also mentioned, or any of the provisions or restrictions therein contained; specifying in such proclamation at what times and places refpetfively, and with what exceptions and reftridlions, and under what passes and clearances, in lieu of those heretofore directed by any act or acts of parliament for regulating the trade of the colonies or plantations, the said suspension (hall take effect; and the said fijfpen fion and proclamation, in the same manner and form, to annul and revoke, 

pr any other V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

ana^refatin at lt aim Way ^ lawful for his Majesty, by such letters 

to Arnerica10^ Patent 33 aforesaid, to, authorise and empower the said commis 

Fafcd since jioners, or any three of them, to suspend, in any places, and foi eb.10, 1763. any times during the continuance of this ads, the operation and effect of any actor acts of parliament which have passed fine the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, and which relate to any of his majcfty’s said colonies, provinces, qr plantations in North America, sofar as the same does relate to them; or the operation and effect of any clause, or any provision or matter therein contained, sofar as such clauies, provisions, or matters relate to any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations. 

Hit Majesty VI And it is hereby enadtecj by the authority aforesaid, may empower That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such letters the commit patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said commis paf^dons° ran uoaers, or any three of them and they are hereby authorised ^ * impbwered, to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or 

description of persons within the said colonies, provinces, or plantations. 

nd to appoint VII And that no let or hindrance may happen from the vacancy governors in pj fa office of governor and commander in chief in any of the said cs^ere.^hercin co^onies^ provinces, or plantations reffectively, or from the absence of his Majesty Iut^ offiw from bis government, be it further enacted by the au hath uiualjy thority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for hi, s maje appointed fty, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said commiftsoners, or any three of them, in any of the said colonies, provinces, or plantations respectively, wherein his Majesty hath ufoally heretofore nominated and appointed a governor,, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, by any instrument under their hands and seals, a proper person to bn the governor and commander in chief in and for any such colony, province, or plantation; to have, hold, and exercise the the said office of governor and commander in chief in and for, such colony or plantation refpcdfivcly, with all such powers and 

guthoritie; 

^  

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 14, 15. 7 

authorities as any governor of such province heretofore appointed by his Majesty might or could have exercised, in as full and ample manner and form as if such governor and commander in chief had been nominated ahd appointed by his majesty’s letters patent or commission;; for that purpose, if need be, to revoke, annul, and make void, any commission or letters patent heretofore granted for appointing any iuch governor and commander in chief. 

VIII And be it further enabled, That this aft (hall continue Condnuare* to be in force until the first day of June, one thouiand seven f this aft. hundred and seventy nine 

CAP. XIV 

An act fur defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of tfie rmtffia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouiand leven hundred and fieventy eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned. 

CAP. XV 

An acl for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom 

WHEREAS several Ships andvejfels, with their cargoes, Preamble. 

have been taken, and condemned as prize, in pursuance of and under the authority of an act made in the ftxteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to prohibit all Recital Qf if trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, eo a*tap*i* majffuhu[e\s Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware, 

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies refpeftivdy; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to difeonttnue the landing and iifcharging, lading or Jhipping, of goods, warts, and mercbandife, at the town, and within the harbour tf/'bofton, in the province of Maflachufets Bay 5 and also two acts, made in tyre last fcflion of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said afts respectively mentioned 5 and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, m the cafes and for the purposes therein mentioned:) And whereas part of the cargoes of such Ships and vejfels, which is now secured in the warthoufes at several ports in this kingdom, not being goods of the growth, produce, or menufafturt of any British American colony or plantation, or of any other place or country under the dominion of his Majefiy, are subject, by the laws now in force, to the payment of high duties upon being imported into and ujed in this kingdom; which duties, in some inflames, being equal to the value of ihe golds ', will not nly be a difeourogement to the captors and importers thereof \ but will put them under the neeejfity to fendfitch goads, far the future, directiy fo foreign markets, to the loss of his Majesty's revenue, and the pr 

B 4 judice 

Arjno decimo octavo Georgii III 6. 15, f 1778* 

judice of the trade of this kingdom: for remedy whereof may it please your Majefy that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cohfent q( the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present AH goods, not parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That being the any goods, not being the growth, oroduce, or manufacture, of of^riuthetc* an American colony or plantation, or any otfter place or 

America or country under the dominion of his Majesty, that have been, or other his any goods or merchandises whatsoever Which (hall hereafter be wajefty’sdo taken during the continuance of the said recited adt, and Which minion, that have been, or (hall be brought into Great Britain by any of his taken, *0” (hall majesty’s (hips of war, or by any private or other (hip or veflei be during the having commission from the lord high admiral of Great bri continuance tain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord higji *athc ^miral f Great Britain for the time being, for, thit purpose, 

brought into anc may upon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be 

Great Britain landed in any port within this kingdom, and secured under the by any (hip king’s locks, in warehouses provided at the foie expense of the properly com capt0rs, with the privity and approbation,, and under the care mi onedv nd infpedvion, of the commissioners, or other principal officers, to be secured for collecting and managing thq respective duties of customs and kin^’/locks cxc^c to hich goods are liable; and upon admission of any 

inwfrehctufes, goods into such warehouses, there (hall be paid by the at the expense captors, or their agents, the following duties only, which (hall of the captors, not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation Duties to be pf the same goods; that is to say, for all such goods (except paid when theydnes and vinegar, and such goods as are herein after enume goods aie ^ated) taken, as aforesaid, by any of his majefly’s (hips of war, 

warehouied. * hajf 0f tjlc subsidy, granted by the adt of tonnage and poundage, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second;; the whole of the further subsidy of poundage, granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George, the second, being what is commonly called the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for the like goods, * if taken by any private or other (hip having commission as aforesaid, the half of the old subsidy, and no more; yvhich duties (hall be collected, paid, and applied, in the same manner, and to the same purposes, whereunto they are by law appropriated, subject nevertheless to the customary and legal difeounts and abatements, and allowances fpr damage; and for eery tonne of such wine and vinegar, taken as aforesaid, either by his majesty’s (hips of war, or (hips having commifiions as aforesaid, the sum of three pounds, and fo after the same rate for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, as part of he duties arising by an ads, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, (entitled, An abt for granting to his ' Majefy fiyeral additional duties upon all wines imported into Great 

Britain; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said oddi tional duties.) 

II And 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 15. '9 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties cn car that the half of the old subsidy, granted by the said ad of the 

twelfth of Charts the second, and the whole of jhe further subsidy of poundage, granted by the said ad of the twerity tirft vakorem* year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, which is directed by this ad to be paid for such prize goods taken by his majesty’s ships of war; and the half of the old subsidy, granted by the said ad of the twelfth of Charles the second, which is directed by this ad to be paid for such prize goods taken by private or other ships having commissions as aforesaid, (hall be payable ad valorem, and no otherwise, upon the oath of the captors, or their agents, upon the following goods; that is to say, upon all sorts of woollen, worded, thread, cotton, linen, and silk manufactures, medicinal drugs, and hats, handkerchiefs, checks, knives, nails, and all kind of hard ware, notwithstanding the same may have been rated in the book of rates of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second, or the additional book of rates of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the, first;; that the said duties ad valorem respectively, on the goods before enumerated, (hall be levied and colle&eri by the same rules and regulations, and under the same penalties and forfeitures, as are directed and preferibed in or by pny ad or ads of parliament now in force with respect to any goods paying duty ad valorem. 

III Provided always. That no duties or customs whatsoever Certain goods shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods, confiding ofhabie to any military or (hip (tores, or any goods which, by any law now an <* “*** 

in force, may be imported into this kingdom duty free; anything in this or any other act contained ta the contrary notwithstanding. 

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Goodi lodged said, That any prize goods which (hall be received into any in any ware warehouse in purfuanceof this act, or which are now rcma, n*ng^ur^fajj, ma in any warehouse in this kingdom, where they have been fecur ™ 

ed under the king’s locks, by the permission of the commifli of tbebefcwr oners of the customs, (hall and may, upon payment of the re mentioned fpedive duties before directed by this ad, be exported at any dut, C CC directly from them, either by the captors or their agents fuffickx** or by any other person or persons, without paying any furtherrecuriiy^etc. duty of customs or excise for the same; the person or persons exporting the same giving sufficient security, in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof out of the vtarehoufe, that the same (hall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again, or relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or the iflandsof Guernsey, Jtrfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro; which security the customer or collator of the port from whence the feme are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his majesty’s name, and tp his Majesty's use. 

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Proviso, relat^ 

authority aforesaid, That if any goods (hall be taken out of any ingt0 g°°d‘ 

ijunra. taken out of 

yvare 

10 

'warehouses for home coufumption. 

Unmerchantable wine not liable to duty. 

Preamble, 

Afts, Ij Geo. 

If Geo J 

and v6geo. 3. rpcited. 

Anno decirao octavo glorgli III C 16. [, 177$. 

warehouse whefein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this kingdom, the person or persons fo taking out the same (hall first pay up the remainder of the duties which would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly imported by way of merchandise into this kingdom; and such goods (hall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations to which they would have been subject if this aft had not been made. 

VI Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this aft hall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any wine with the before mentioned duty of three pounds per tonne, which (hall, at the time of landing the settle, be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and which (hall be given up by the captors, or their agents, to the officers of the customs, to be publkkly sold, in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, in the manner directed by an act palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, (entitled, An all for the improvement of his Majesty s revenugs of cujloms, extife9 and inland duties,) 

CAP. XVI 

An act for allowing ibg exportation of eertain quantities of wheat flour, Ufcuit9 and peafo, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador. 

WHEREAS by an atl9 made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty s reign Iintituled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) whenever the prices of certain species of British corn or grain exceed the prices therein limited the exportation thereof from this kingdom is prohibited under certain penalties in the said act mentioned, except in particular cafes allowed by that and several subsequent afts of parliament: and whereas certain Quantities of bifeuit and peas, allowed to be exported to the island of Newfoundland, /*/* the benefit of the British fijbery tkere9 by twh afts9 the one made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to allow the importation of a limited. quantity of bifeuit and peas to the island of Newfoundlcindj for the benefit of the British, fishery there;) and the other made in the > sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, and of bifeuit and peas to Newfoundland Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perrons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his majesty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat and other articles j) have been found inefficient for the use of the Br irish subjects carrying on the ftjhery at the said island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; jpay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafttd; and ....................................................... b 

1778.] Annadecixno octavo Georgii III C 16. the 

it enacted by the king’s most excellent roajefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Came, That from and after the palling of this a, Certain qean it (hall and may be lawful to (hip and export wheat flour, bread, titietofwbeat biscuit, and peas, out of and from the several ports in this king jowwuobe* dom herein after mentioned, to the several places herein after exported to named, for the benefit of the briti/h fishery carried on in those newfound parts, fo as the same do not exceed the several quantities respectively limited to those places in any one year, anything in the, [b said recited afts, or either of them, to the contrary notwiihftahd from theports ing; (that is to say,) herein after 

mentioned. 

"I 

O 

t2 J 

0 1 

O. 

41 

•5 

1 

To the island of Newfoundland, four hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred and fifty tonnes of bifeuir, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and three hundred quarters of peas. 

To Bay Chaleur, five hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of, peas. 

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of whqat flour, three hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

To Bay Chaleur, two hundred quarters of wheaufloor, one hundred and fifty tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

To Labradory two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred and fifty tonnes of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peas. 

r 

0 

1 

V 

e 

% 

& 

m To Newfoundland, two thoofend five hundred quarters of wheat flour, one thousand one hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and one thousand quarters of peas. 

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat flbuf, one hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of <1 peas. 

To Bity Chaleur three hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of peas. 

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of peas. 

TO 

Anno decimo octavo georgii III C id. f 177s. 

0 

rc 

2 

S 

V 

s3 

O 

o 

V 

V 

To Newfoundland, onethoufand five hundred quarters of wheat flour five hundred tonnes of biscuit, and five Hundred quarters of peas. 

To Nova Scotia three hundred quarters of wheat flour one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and J fifty quarters of peas 

| Bay Chaleur, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas. 

To Labrador three hundred and fifty'quarters of wheat flour, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one s hundred and fifty quarters of peas. 

f 8$ eg 2- 

Id 

= a C 

fc 0 V 

•5; u *5 Pox 

zz* 

tu 

sir 

To Newfoundland, one thousand five hundred quarters ' of wheat flour, five hundred tonnes of biscuit, and six hundred quarters of peas. 

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat flour 5 h g 1 tw° frun(*re<l tonnes f biscuit, and two hundred quarters f peas. 

. - To Bay Cbaleury three hundred quarters of wheat 

flour, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarter of?peafe. 

To Labrador, three hundred quarters of wheat flour two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters .of peas. 

To Newfoundland, foyr hundred quarters of wheat flour if i one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and I fifty quarters of pealp. 

Hf To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, 

2|< one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and jg t fifty quarters of peas 

|| To Newfoundland, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, S sixty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters lof peas.. 

To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat flour, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty I quarters qf peas, 

The said arts Provided always, and it is hereby further enaffed by the au cles to be Tub t'hority aforesaid, That the said articles exported as aforesaid, jn [eoirities* etc Pursuance f this ad, (hall be fubjedf to the like securities, at the onexportati respective ports from whence they are exported, that the same pn, as directed shall not be landed or sold in any parts whatsoever other than the by the recited refpetf ive places for which the same shall be entered and declared ct 14.geo. 3. fpr exp0rtation, and in all other refpe£ls not altered by this at shall be liable to such and thi like rules, reftridlions, and regulations; and the persons granting or making any false certificate, ojr counterfeiting, erasing, or falsifying any certificate, or know 

» 

177$-] Anno decimo ottavo Georgii III C 17, 18. 

ingly publifhihe such certificate fo counterfeited, erased, or fal' fitted, (hall be subject to the same disabilities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited ad, made in the fourteenth year of his majesty’s reign; which penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the manner diredcd by that ad. * 

CAP. xvir. 

An act for building an additional gaol, and also a prison and house of cor redion, wjthmtbe county of Cornwall; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

CAP. XVIII 

An afl to explain an act pajfed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George thefecond, entitled, An act for the more cffedual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange; or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods. 

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether the punishment in flirted by an a ft of parliament, made and pajfed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, (entitled,, An act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange; or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods,) on persons guilty of the several species of forgery therein mentioned, extends to such forgeries when committed with an intention to defraud any corporation; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That if any person, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, (hall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any acceptance of any bill of. exchange, or the number or principal sum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurjty for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any corporation whatsoever'; or (hall utter or publish as true hny false, altered, forged, or counterfeited acceptance of any bill of exchange, or accountable recept for any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, wbh intention to defraud any corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, altered, forged, or counterfeited; every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy. 

CAP. 

Preamble 

Ad 7 Geo. *. recited. 

Persons confided of forging an acceptance of b'lls of exchange, or receipt for payment of money, etc. with intent to defraud any corporation, ‘ (hall suffer death as felon s. 

*4 

Preamble. 

Jufticet, cot offeffion, empowered to award coils on de*ermina 

tion of com 

lose 

On refnfal of party to pay, etc the tame may be levied by diitrea. 

If the penalty on any con vie tin (hall amountto $ 1. the cotts (bait be deduced thereout, etc. 

The forma annexed to this act to be uled. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgu III C 19. [1778. 

CAP. XIX 

An atl sir the payment of cojh to parties, on complaints determined before jujiices of the peace out of jeffions; for the payment of the charges ofconjlable s in certain cases; and sir the more effectual payment of charges to witnejfes and proficutors of any larceny, or other felony. 

WHEREAS by the laws now in being,. his Majefiys jujiices of the peace are not sufficiently authorised, on complaints that come before them out of fejfions, to award cojls again either the persan or per sins complainings or the perfin 0•* perj'ons agoinft whom any complaint is modes as to justice may appertain: may it pieafe your Majesty that rt may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That where any complaint (hall be made before any of his majesty’s justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, and any warrant or summons (hail ifluc in confluence of such complaipt, that then it (hall and may be lawful to aod for any justice or justices of the peace, ' who (hali have heard and determined the matter of the laid complaint, to award such costs to be paid by either of the parties, and in manner and form as to him or them (hall seem fit, to the party injured: and in cale any person, fo ordered by the said justice or justices of the peace to pay such sums of money as aforesaid, (hall not forthwith pay down or give security for the same to the satisfaction of the justice or justices, it (ball and may be lawful for the said justice or justices, by warrant under his hand and feal or their hands and seals, to levy the said sum or sums by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person fo refusing or neglecting; and where goods and chattels of such person capnot be iound, to commit such person to the house of correction, for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, wherein such person (hall reside, there to be kept to hard labour for any time nor exceeding one month, nor less than ten days, or until such sum or sums of money, together with the expenses attending the commitment of fuch'perfon to such house of cor, region, be first paid. 

II Provided nevertheless. That upon the conviction of any person or persons upon any penal statute or statutes, where the penalty or penalties shall amount to or exceed the sum of five pounds, the said costs shall be dedu&ed by the said justice or justices, according to his or their diferetion, out of the said penalty or penalties, fo that the said deduction shall not exceed one fifth part of the said penalty or penalties; and the remainder of the (aid penalty or penalties shall be paid to, or divided among, the person or persons who would have been entitled to the whole of the penalty or penalties in cafe this at had not been made. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. 

That 

Js 

1778.] Annodecimo octavo Georgii III C 19.' 

That the several forms to this at annexed (hall and may in the respective cafes be used and observed. 

1v. And whereas confiablesy headboroughs, and tithingmen, are or Confhbto, may be at great charge in doing the bufwefs of their parish, town/hipy etc, (hall, every r place, and in many cafes are notfufficiently indemnified by the laws; month be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That evpry 0ve7feers°aiic constable, headborough, or tithingman, (hallevery three months, account of and within fourteen days after he (hall go out of such office, money by deliver to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, t*\cm expend or place, for the time being, a just account in writing, fairly en on account of tered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and signed by him, their refpec of all sums fo by him expended on account of the said parish, live partfhea township, or place, m all cafes not hitherto provided for by the Jaws heretofore made, or by this aft, and also of all sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the said overseers of the poor, or their successors, (hall, within the next fourteen days after, the said account or accounts hall be fo delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants of the laid parish, township, or place; and in cafe the said account or accounts be approved of by the majority of such inhabitants, the overseers of the poor of the said pari(h, township, or place, for * „ the time being, are hereby authorised and required to pay out of the poor rates, made or to be made, for such pari(h, township, or place, such sum or sums of money as (Jiall appear to be due on the said account or accounts; but in cafe the said account or If any such accounts, or any part thereof, (hall be disallowed, then the said *cc^u/\t, (h3,, | overseers of the poor for the time being (hall then deliver back * 

to the said constable, headborough, or tithingman, such book ftttlethe same, of accounts, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said constable, headborough, or tithingman, then to produce the said book before any one or more or his majesty’s justices of tfce peace in and for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate,. franchise, or liberty, wherein such parifti or township (hall be (ituate, giving reafcnable notice thereof to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the time being; which said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised to examine the same, and to hear and determine any objection or objections that (hall be made to the said accounts, and to settle the lum which to him or them (hall appear due on the said account, and to enter the fame*in the said account, and tofign his or their name or names thereto 5 and the overseers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the time being, are hereby 1 

authorised and required to pay the said sum, out of the money which (hall come to their hands by virtue of any rate or assessment made or to be made for the relief of the poor. 

V Provided nevertheless, That in cafe the overseer or over Appeal may seers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, for the be made from time being, (hall find that the said parish, township, or place, is aggrieved by any neglect, act, or thing done, or omitted, by the tjon> etc to said constable, headborough, or tithingman, or by any of his the quarter Majesty's justices of foe peace, or (hall have any material objec feltuui, 

tion 

Goo 

16 Anno decimo octavo georgii Ilf. C 19. > [1778* 

tion to such account, or any part thereof, or to such determination as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such overseer or overseers, in any of the cafes aforesaid, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, headborough, or tithingman, to appeal to the next general or quarter fe/fions of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, franchise, or liberty, where such parish, township, or place lies; and the justices of the peace there assembled are hereby authorised and required to receive such appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same; but if it (hall appear to the said justices, that reasonable notice was not given, then they (hall adjourn the/aid appeal to the next quarter sessions, aqd then and there finally hear and who may determine the same; and the said justices may award and order, award cofti. r6 the party for whom such appeal (hall be determined reasonable costs, in the same manner that they are empowered to do in cafe of appeals concerning the settlement of poor persons, by an act made in the eighth and ninth years of King William the third, entitled, An act for applying some defers in the laws forth relief of the poor of this kingdom. 

Frovifo relat VI Provided always. That in all corporations or liberties ing to corpo which have not four jpftices of the peace, it shall and may be rations, etc. ]awful for the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, for the time being, where an appeal is giver by this aft, to appeal, if he or they (hall think fit, to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, pr division, wherein such corporation or liberty is situate. 

Recital of an VII And whereas, by an act pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of his A 25 Geo. 1. jate majesty King George the second, entitled, An adl for the better the»t7andtlns preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of robberies, ate. public entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses; it was recited, That whereas many persons are deterred front prosecuting persons guilty of felony, upon account of the expense attending fah prosecutions, which is a cause of the encouragement of thefts; and it was therein, among other things, enacted, That it Should and might be in the power of the court before whom any person has been tried and convicted of any grand or petit larceny, oraother felony, at the prayer of the projecutor, and on confederation of his circumjlances, to order the treasurer of the county in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such prosecutor such fumof money as to the said court shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the expenses which it shall appear to the court the prosecutor was put unto in carrying on such ^ making him a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble therein; which order the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, respectively, was thereby directed and required forthwith to make out, and d of an a deliver unto such prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the sum *7 Geo3 2. tor f one falling and no more: And whereas, by an act, pajfed in the allowing the twenty seventh year of his late majesty King George the second, retit expenses of ing. That the extencc, as well as loss of time, in attending courts of poorwitneffes jyfiice, js a difeouragement to the poorer sort to appear as witnesses felony against offenders, who thereby escape the public justice and the punishment due to their crimes; it was enacted. That when any poor per fan 

shall 

*7 

•77^*3 Anno decimooltavo Georgii III C ig> 

tall appear on recognisance in any court, to give evidence against another accused of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, it Should and might be in the power of the courts at the prayer and on the oath of fitch person, and cn confederation of bis circumstances, in open court to pay unto such person fucb sum of money as to thefaid court Jhallfeem reafomble, for his time trouble, and expense j which order the proper officer offuch court is required to make out and deliver to such person, upon being paidfor the same the sum offixpence, and no more: And whereas the foetid recited acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty seventh years of his late majefiy King George the second have been a great encouragement towards bringing offenders to justice, in all such cafes as are within the purview of the said flames \ but nevertheless it has been found by experience, that the said herein before recited statute of the twenty seventh year of his said late Majefiy* with regard to per fens appearing on recognisance in any court to give evidence as aforesaid, extends only to poor per fans, such court alfe considering their cir cvmfiances; and also does not extend to persons appearing on fubpeena to give evidence: And whereas the said act of the twenty•fifth year of his said late Majefiy, with regard to prosecutors, directs the court to conjider the circumstances of such projecutor, and also gives him relief only where the offender is convicted: And whereas it is just and rea finable, and may tend in future to the prevention of crimes, or to the due prosecution of all offenders against the laws, that every prosecutor to conviction, and every person fa appearing on recognisance or stub poena to give evidence, Should be allowed his reafenable expenses, and also, in cafe he be poor, a reafenable satisfaction for bis trouble and loss of time; and that such allowance Should be made to prosecutors as aforesaid, even though the person fa accused be acquitted, provided it Shall appear to fucb court, before whom the said prifener Shall have been tried, that there was a reafenable ground of prosecution, and that the prosecutor bath bona fide prosecuted 5 be it further enabled by the The court, authority aforesaid, 'That from and after the passing of this a^tore it (hall and may be in the power of the court before whom any fried^or fc person has been tried and convicted of any grand or petit larceny, Jony, may or other felony or before whom any perton has been tried and order tb acquitted of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony in cafe treafurcr^of it (hall appear to tne (aid court that there was a reasonable ground etc. toupay * of prosecution and that the said prosecutor hath bona fide prose the prolocutor ruled to order upon prayer of the said prosecutor the treafgrer bis expmees, of the county, riding or division, in which the offence (hall have been committed, or (hall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such prosecutor such sum of money as to the said court (hall seem reasonable not exceeding the ex peaces which it (hall appear to the court the prosecutor was bona fide put unto in carrying on such prosecution making in cafe the (aid prosecutor (nail appear tq the court to be in poor cir* curoftanccs* a reasonable allowance to such prosecutor for trouble and loss of time; which order the clerk of afiize, or clerk of the peace refpcdivdy, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto fucb prosecutor upon being paid for the same the sum of one (hilling and no more; and the 

Vol. XXXII 

C 

treasurer 

And person appealing in court, on recognisance .or subpoena, to give evi 

expencts, etc. 

18 Anno decimo octavo Georgn III d. 19. f j778; 

treasurer of the (aid county, riding, or division, is hereby author rized and required, upon sight of such order, forthwith to pay to such prosecutor, or other person authorised to receive the same, such sum of money as aiorefaid, and hall be allowed the same in his accounts. 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be in the power of the court, where any person hall appear, on recognisance or subpoena, to give evidence as to any grand or petit larceny or other felony, whether any bill of indidment be preferred or not to any grand jury, 

dence, (hall in provided the said person (hall, in the opinion of the said court, 

^howedtheirc ^gm^avc altenc*c<* ^ court in obedience to such recog a owe 1 eir nizancc or subpoena, to order the treasurer of the county, riding, 

or division, in which the offence (hall have been committed, or (hall have been supposed to have been committed, to pay unto such person such sum of money as to the said court shah seem reasonable, not exceeding the expenses which it (hall appear to the said court the said person was bona fide put unto by reason of the said recognisance and subpoena, making, in cafe the said person (hall appear to the court to be in poor circumstances, a reasonable allowance to such person for trouble and loss of timej which order the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, respectively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to such person, upon being paid for the same the sum of sixpence, and no more; and the treasurer of the said county, riding, or division, is hereby authorised and required, upon sight of such order, forthwith to pay to such person, or other person authorised to receive the same, such sum of money as aforesaid, and (hall be allowed the same in his accounts. 

IX Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for his majcfty’s justices of the peace, in and for any county, riding, division, cityj town corporate, franchise, or liberty, in quarter feffiens assembled, to lay down or alter, from time to time, such rules and regulations, as to any costs or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person whatsoever, by virtue of any part of thisatf, for the better carrying the intent of any pat tot this a<sl into execution, and for the preventing any unnecessary expense, as to them shall seem most just and 

which are to reasonable; which rules and regulations, having received the bt approved approbation and fignatureof one or more of his majcfty’s judges of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, at the assizes for the county wherein such rules ard regulations shall have been made, (hall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever; and ro person whatfeever shall le allowed any greater sum of money, by virtue of this a, than according to the said rules and regulations fo approved of as aforesaid, any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing. 

X And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any atflion or fuit (hall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of ihi$.a£l; that then, 

an 

The quarter sessions to make regula ttotts for allowing the before mentioned ex pencesj 

of by one of the judges at theaffizei, etc. 

Limitation of fcdions. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 19. 

and in every such cafe, the action or fuit (hall be brought within six calendar months next after the fat committed; and the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit may plead the general issue, and give this ad and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purfbance and by the authority of this ad: and if it (ball appear io to have been done, the jury (ball find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hill be nonsuit, .or difeontinue his action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants (hall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law. 

I. Form of awarding costs. 

County or Bo ^ one (or. We 

rough, C > and being two (of 

to wit. 3 bis Mojefys jujlices of the peace in and for the 

of orefaid, in pursuance of an actt inode in the eighteenth year of his majesty King George the thirds entitled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; on the complaint of [here state the names of the parties, and the offence generally, and the date] against for 

which said complaint was beard and determined Ij on the day of 

da award the following cojls to be paid by 

videlicet; [here state the costs.] 

Given under hand and feal (or 

'bands and seals) this day of 

in the year of our Lori 

II Form of warrant of diflrejs and fate. 

to wit. 

To the constable of 

and to all other his majesty’s constables in and for in aforefeid. 

WHEREAS of his Majefys 

jujlices of the peace in and for the aforefaii, in purjuance of an afl* made in the eighteenth year oj his 

C % ' mojefiy 

19 

Genera] issue. 

Treble costs. 

Anno decimo octavo georgh III C 19. f 1778^. 

tnajefiy King George the third, entitled, An a61 for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witrtefles and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; have awarded, on the of 

now iajl pafi, on the complaint of against 

for the following cofis to be paid by 

videlicet; [here ftaje the sum : J And whereas the said being ordered by the said justice 

(or justices) to pay such sum (or sums) as aforesaid, hath not paid down or given security for the same, to the satisfaction of 

the said justice (or justices)) are therefore to command you, and each and every of you, to levy the said sum of by difirefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the said and do hereby order and dir eft the goods and chattels foto bi 

distrained to be sold and di/pofed of within 

days, unless the said sum of ' for which such 

itflrefs Shall be made, together vnth the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such difir efs, Shall be sooner paid, and you are hereby ajfb commanded to certify unto what you Shall have 

done by virtue oj this warrant. 

Given under hand andfeal (or hands and 

foals) at the day of 

in the year of our Lord 

III Confi able's return thereon, for want of difir efs. 

to wit. 

7 T confiable of 

3 X do hereby certify to 4 

justice for justices) of the peace of that I have made diligent search for, but do not know, nor can find any goods and chattels of by difirefs and sale whereof I may levy the sum 

pursuant to warrant for that purpose, 

dated the day of 

Given under my hand, this day 

of in 

LV Commitment thereupon to the house of correction 

J To the constable of Unit. > and alfoto the keeper of the house of correflion) at 

t 

WHERE 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C ao — 22. 

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an act made in the eighteenth year of bis majesty King George the third, entitled, An at for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges tovwitnefles and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony; - of his Majesty's justices of % 

the peace, in and for the said did ijfue 

warrant of distress and sale, dire fled to owl conjhable of the said of 

ordering the said constable to levy the said sum of of the goods and chattels of the said in manner and form as therein is mentioned: and whereas it appears to by the return of constable of dated the day of 

that be hath made diligent Jearcb, but doth not know of nor can find any goods and chattels of the said by distress and [ale 

whereof the said sum of may be levied, pursuant 

to the said warrant: these are therefore to command you, the said constable of, to apprehend the said 

and convey the said to thejaid house ofcorreflion at 

and to deliver the said there to 

the said keeper of the said house of correflion: and these are also to command you, the said keeper of the said house of correflion, to receive the said into the said house of correflion, and 

there to keep to hard labour for the space of from the 

date hereof or until such sum of together with 

the expenses attending the commitment of the said to the said house of correflion, be first paid, or until the said be dijeharged by due course of law. 

t 

Given under band andfeal (or bands and seals) at 

the day of 

CAP. XX 

An agt for further continuing the duties granted by three acb§ made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the second, and in the third year of his present majesty’s reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York. 

CAP. XXI 

An a for the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign9fir making a navigable cut or caned from the river Dee, vntbin the liberties of the city of Cnefter, to or near Middlewich, wnantwich, in the county of Chester j and the other made in the seventeenth year of his said Majesty's reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the said former alt. 

CAP. XXII 

An act foe railing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for / efublifhing a lottery. 

Preamble. 6, 000, 0001. to be raised by annuities, and 4x0, 000!. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 6, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities j which dull be charged upon a fund to be cftablilhed this fef 

C 3 fi-om 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 22. 778. 

fion, and collaterally upon the (inking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of *1. ios. percent, for life, instead of for 30 years, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exchequer before Dec. *», 1778. Every contributor of 5q0l (hall, upon payment of 40i. more, be entitled to four lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All perfops who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of there fubferiptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their fubferiptions, (hall receive tickets to'the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 6, 000, 0001. entitled to an annuity of 3i. percent and alio to an annuity of at. 10s. for 30 years both payable half yearly. All contributors who (hall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1778, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1778, on the annuity Of % I. 10 s. when they receive the half year's aunuity due on the 3 percent. otherwise they (hall not receive the said annuity until Jan 1779. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, etc. Caihier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received $ which (hall be assignable, etc. Directions for the caihier in relation to such receipts. Caihier to give security, to the good liking of the cotnroiffi oners Of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Coromiffioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the caihier. A book to be provided in the accountant general office, in which contributors names (hall be entered, etc. After contributors (hall have paid their fubferiptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft; which (hall be tax free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the public. As loon as contributors have completed their payments, the Aims fubferibed (hall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. accountant general, on payment of 35i. percent, of their contributions, before Dec. 18, 1778, to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of *1. 10 s. which (hall be transferrable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this a. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief caqiier, and accountant general. Moneys to be iffiied at the exchequer to the chief caihier, for payment of annuities created by this ah accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed per tona| estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein shall be en.ered alf transfers of sums advanced on this ad Method of transferring. The annuities of *1. 10 s .percent, per ann. (hall be a (eparate Hock from the other annuities. Perions possessed of (fock may devise the same by will, etc. Commissioners of the treasury to diicharge ail incidental charges attending the excution of this ad. The 3 percent. annuities granttd by this ad (hall be added to the joint (lock or 3 per cetranq ferrable at the bank, etc. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480, 000b to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, etc. Contributors, for every tool, they (hall advance, to be entitled to an annuity of »1. ios. per annum for 30 years, or for life Lite annuities to be paid at the exchequer half yearly. Calhiers of the bank to give •certificates to contributors who chuie life annuities, which may be assigned before dcc.i 1, 1778. Calhiers to transmit to^the auditor of, the exchequer a book containing the names of the contributors, etc. Contributors (hall deliver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec. *»,. 1778, to be exchanged for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to cause orders for payment to be made out as soon at convenient, which (hall be signed by the commissioners of the treasury. Books to be kept in the offices of tne auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contnbq tors, etc. Part of the money to arise from the new duties to be fet apart for payment of the annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to ceafc Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the exchequer When contributors, etc. demand payment of their annuities in the abfenceof their nominees, they must prodace Certificates of - their 

bigitized bycjoo^ic 

177^0 Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 22. 

their being alive on the day when the respective half yearly payments become due. What certificate neccfliry when the nominee resides in England or Wales. What certificate necessary when the nominee resides m Scotland or Ireland; or in parts beyond the Teas. Penalty on persons le ceiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a month after notice of the death of their no tiunt e, to certify the same to the auditor of the exchequer, etc. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax free. Commissioners of the treasury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, etc. of the exchequer, fnay caulc new orders to be made in lieu of such as (hall be'loft, burnt, etc. or defaced, or encumbered with assignments. Clause for pr eventing frauds relating to (landing orders, etc. Offenders to suffer death as felons. No tee to be taken tor receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any transfer, etc. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who (hall demand any such fee, or milappjy the moneys, etc. Officers, in certain cases, not to incur any penalty or making wrong payments. If the fund to be tfta blilhtd for payment of the annuities (hou d prove infiifficienr, the deficiency to be supplied out of the finking hind; which moneys (hall be replaced out of the next supplies. If the fund (hall be more than Sufficient to pay the annuities, the surplus to be rdervtd tor the difpofiticn of parliament. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and de’iver them to the caffiiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoted tickets, with an account of moneys paid*iir. i Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread or silk; and cur off indent wile into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001, to each fir ft drawn ticket of the first 10 Jays, and xoool. to the latt drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. t6, 1778. Method to be oblvrved in drawing, £tc. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns to be printed. Disputes to be adjulted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. See. Felony. Offenders, not in prison, difeovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the Turns fubferibed, before receiving toe lottery book, giving a note for tne Tame which (hall entitle the bearer to a ticket tor every 101, (o paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with rei'ped to the lottery; and tne tickets for such Turns to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Tale of chances, See. Penalty. Office keepers, C selling (hares in tickets of which they are not poftefled, forfeit 5001, and fuffier months imprisonment. After April 18, 1778, no person to keep a lottery office without a licence. Each licence to coll 501, and (hall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers. Licence to see fortn the name of the person taking out the same, etc and to continue in force for one year. Perfont keeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied towards defraying the expenses of the lottery. No person to sell any (hare of a ticket less than a sixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on persons promising to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this all. No business to be t ran faded at any lottery office after eight in the evening. Exception. Two justices may summon offenders again ft this ad, ana, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties, etc. If penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, offender to be committed. Any person fprging a licence, (hall forfeit 500 h etc. Commifiioners of the treasury to eftabliffi an office in London, and to appoint a person to coodud the business thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into hares, (hail be deposited. All (hares to be stamped by the officer, who 

C 4 (hall 

t^ooqie 

*4 Anno decimo o&ayo Georgii III c.23, 24. [1778, 

shall give a receipt for every ticket deposited with him. Form of receipt 

All tickets depobted in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of (hares into which they are divided, ad. for each (hare to be paid to the officer on dcpofit ing tickets in the office i who (hall therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. Penalty on idling any (hare of a ticket without a (bmp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering tne same with a fraudulent intention. No person (ball keep any office for the sale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of so 1. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by distress, etc. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect, etc. This aft not to prejudice the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against Brftifh afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable * may be sued forfn Dublin. The 480, 000). for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on 'any (upplies granted this session 5 and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March t, 1779, etc. Manageis to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. No see to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution mpnies, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of sol. General issue. Treble coils. 

C A P XXIII 

An act for appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, entitled. Am a8 for granting an aid to bis Mejijty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for toe fenuice of the year ono thousand Jeven bunarsd andfruinty ergbt, together with thdfe named is two former aftt for appointing commiffiooers of the land tax. 

CAP. XXIV 

An at for allowing the re importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the same may have been sold abroad \ and the importation of tobacco toe growth and product of the ijland of Dominica, Under certain regulations and rejirictions. 

Preamble. w7 PEREAS tobacco, and other foreign goods, exported from V V Great Britain to Holland, and other foreign parts of Europe, are frequently returned from thence for want of a mar let abroad, and are permitted to be entered in this kingdom, at the same ports from whence they were fo exported, upon the proprietors proving the identity of the goods fo returned, and that the property has not been (hanged ftnee the exportation thereof: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, unmanufactured tobacco fo exported to be returned into any port within this kingdom, altbovgo the same may have been sold abroad be it therefore enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Unmanufac assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and tured tobacco after the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred exported (rom and seventy eight, and until the first day of March, one thou ma^be rerim knc* ^cvc” hundred arm seventy nine, and from thence to the poned, during the then next session of parliament, any unmanufactured, 

alimited times tobacco, which (hall have been or may be exported from any port in Great Britain to any foreign parts in Europe, may be 

rc* 

*5 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 24. 

te imported and returned by any person or persons, in any (hip or veftel, into any port in Great Britain under the Following restrictions, whether such tobacco hath been sold in foreign parts after the exportation thereof, or not, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. 

II Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled by the Such tobacco authority aforesaid, 'That such tobacco (hall be returned in the [nthe w^ina? original packages in which the same was exported from this packages kingdom, and in no other, having also the same marks and the same numbers as were seton them by the officers of his majesty’s mark and customs at the time of their original importation into this king nun|b€r«, ctc. dom, excepting onfy in such cafes where, from length of time 

or reparation of casks, some part of the marks and numbers being obliterated, ' the remaining part (hall be satisfactory to the commissioners or principal officers of his majesty’s customs of the ports to which such tobacco (hall be returned; and the im andtheimpor porter or. owner pf fitch tobacco (hall make proof on oath, beter, etc. to fore the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of jjatltb bri his majesty’s customs, at the port where such tobacco (hall be th plantation reimported, (which oath, they are hereby authorised to admi tobacco, and nifter) that the tobacco fo returned is, to the beftof their know "a8 e*pdrte* ledge and belief, British plantation tobacco, and was originally kingdom, exported from this kingdom, having been bought for him or ^ them, by his or their agents, as such; and such tobacco (hall be Duties to be liable to the feme duties as would have been due for the same Pa, d for th upon the first importation thereof into this kingdom; which du tome ties (hall not be afterwards drawn back or allowed upon the reexportation of such tobacco to any parts beyond the seas, except to Ireland; and such tobacco (hall, in all other respects not altered by this ad, be subject to the same restrictions, rules, and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as it would be subject and liable to if this ad had not been made. 

III And whereas by an act made in the Jixthyear of the reign Preamble; of hisprefent Majesty, (entitled, An act for opening and efta 7a blifhing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, 01 

for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the ex pences of opening, maintaining. Teeming, and improving, such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fectiring the duties upon goods imported from the said iftand into any other British colony,) it is amongst other things enacted, That all goods and commodities of American produce which Jbatt he imported into Great Britain, (except such quantities of sugar and rum as Shall be imported by certificate, as therein after ts men tioned) Shall be deemed and taken to be goods and commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of foreign colonies or plantations, and Shall be liable to the same duties, regulations, and rejlrictions* penalties and forfeitures, in all respects as the like goods of the growth, produce or manufacture of any French colony or plantation would be habit toby law: and whereas, in order to encourage the growth of 

tobacco 

i6 Anno decimo octavo Georgu III C 25. [1778. 

tobacco in the aid ijland of Dominica, it is expedient to permit the importation of it from thence into this kingdom, under the like limitations and rejl riel ions as sugar and rum may, by the said recited aft, be imported from thence \ be it therefore enacted by the authority Tobacco the aforesaid That, from and after the passing of this ad, any to produdof bacco, being the growth and product of the said island of do ma^be^m w*0jca> may *mported from thence into Great Britain, under ported into certificate, in like manner, and under such regulations and re great Britain, ftridions, as sugar and rum, the growth and produce of the (aid under such ifiand, are allowed, by the said recited ad of the sixth year of fi^ar^nd rum majesty’s rc’gn> to be imported into Great Britain; and such. itrcyuowc^by to^acco ft*ah beto the same duties, m.d.. in all other re the above fpedts subject to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, fecuri reciudad; ties, penalties, and forfeitures, and entitled to the same draw and (hall be backs and allowances, as tobacco, the growth and produce of liable to the the British colonies or plantations in America, are subject and LI same duties, able to by law, anything in the feid recited dd, or any other 

the^owtho?to contrary notwithstanding. 

the briboi IV And whereas a parcel of tobacco hath been lately imported into colonies in the port 0/* London, from the said if and of Dominica, and is now America. secured under the joint locks cf his Maicfly and the proprietor, in a Certain tobac warehouse in that port; and it is reafinable that the importer of such co lately im* tobacco should receive the benefit intended by this aft, be it therefore ported to be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may this ad m lawful for the commiflionersof his majesty’s customs, or any four of them to order the said tobacco to be delivered to the importer thereof, upon payment of the like duties, under the like rules and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the British colonies or plantations in America is subject and liable to, provided it (hall be made appear to them, by the oath of the importer or otherwise, to their satisfaction, that such tobacco wa really and truly the growth and produce of the said island of Dominica. 

cap. xxy. 

An act for alloying corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portiniouth, Sandwich, Chichefler, tf^chefler, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reflriftions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the fiveral ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Myefly, entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn. 

Preamble 1, *117 HERE AS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reciting ad YV reign of his present Mafijly, (entitled, An act to regulate ij Geo. 3. |jle importation and exportation of corn) it is enacted, That in cafe any wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, hall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said act particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said oft (hall be due and payable for such species of com, grain, orflour, tefpeftively, the same, upon dm entry thereof, may beforthwith landed 

from 

y 778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26. 

from on board the ship cr vfl'el in which juch jpecics of corn grain, or flour, shall be fo imported, in the presence of the proper officer cross fleers of the cujloms, without payment of the said duties, under certain refirift ions and regulations in the said act mentioned and preferibed : And whereas it is expedient that corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Cheftcr, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act fkall be due and payable for juch Jpecics of corn, grain, or flour rejpeftively, should in like manner be landed without payment oj the said duties; may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, (hall be imported into the said ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichefler, and Chester, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act (hall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain, or flour refpcc tively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the (hip or vessel in which such species of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of thecuftoms, without payment of the (aid duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, shall belubjed and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and fubjeeft tp the like securities, conditions, regulations, and reftrieftions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said a, are fubjecst and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichefler, Und Chejler, had been included in the said act, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise ootwithftanding. 

CAP. XXVI 

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited bouses within the kingdom of Great Britain. 

Mofl gracious Sovereign, 

WE, your majesty’s most dutiful, and loyal subjects, (he commons or Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies, which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this feflionof parliament, have reiolved to give and grant fo your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con fenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thouiand seven hundred and fevenry eight, the several duties upon houses with their appurtenances herein after mentioned, (hu be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, 

by 

*7 

Wheat, flour, 

etc. imported at Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichefler, or Chester, at any time wlun the duties not repealed by the recited act at e due, may, ou due entry thereof, be landed, without payment of the said duties, etc. 

Preamble. 

After July j, 1778, the following new duties to be paid by the occupiers of 

18 

houses in 7 Great Britain; viz. for all houses worth 51. a year and under 501. 6d. in the pound; and tor all worth 50i. a year and upwards, 11. in the pound. 

The new duties to be paid over and above thole charged on houses by the alt 4 Geo. 3. 

The du ies, in England and Wale?, to be paid quarterly | 

and in Scotland halt ycaily. 

The duties to be charged on the occupiers, and not on the landlords. 

Warehouses, eta not liable to the new duty; 

nor poor persons who are 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26.' [j 778. 

by the occupiers thereof respectively; (that is to lay,) Upon and for every dwelling house inhabited, together with the household offices therewith occupied, which now are, or (hall hereafter be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being shall be, worth the yearly rent of five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, the yearly sum gf sixpence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling house inhabited, together with the household offices therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter (hall be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, .or for the time being (hall be, worth the yearly rent of fifty pounds and upwards, the yearly sum of one (hilling in the pound, to be estimated and afeertained in manner herein after ex pressed. 

II Provided nevertheless, abd it is the true intent and meaning of this ad, that the (aid several yearly sums of sixpence and one (hilling in the pound, hereby respectively charged as aforesaid, (hall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the respective duties charged upon houses, by virtue of an ad, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said several duties by this ad granted as aforesaid, (hall, in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Wales, be paid quarterly, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say,) the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Ottober, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October next: and in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the twenty ninth day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt ivhitfunday and martinmas day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmasiday and ivhitfunday. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said duties granted by this ad, as aforesaid, (hall be charged Qrtly upon the inhabitants of occupiers for the time being of the houses or tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their relpedive executors or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who let or demised the same. 

V And whereas several manufactures, trades, occupations and callings, necejfarily require warekoufes and buildings requijite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large rents, or have laid out conftderablo sums thereon, and it may be a great hardship upon such persons to be rated to the full extent of their respective rents, or of the value of the premises abovementioned, be it further enabled and ~ declared. That such premises (hall not be liable to the duty imposed by this ad, but the afleffinent (hall be made on the dwelling house only with the household offices belonging to it. 

VI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority 

'' * 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26. 19 

rity aforesaid, That no duty (hall be imposed, assessed, or levied, not rated to by virtue of this at, for or in refpet of any dwelling house, church and cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occupiers, by rea ^oorm fon of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted from the atual payment of usual taxes, aflfeffments, and contributions. 

Cowards the church and poor. 

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. How th du that the duties by this at imposed as aforesaid (hall be assessed, tiesgranted by raised, levied, collected, and received, by persons to be appointed a 

by the same authority, and (hall be paid into his majesty’s ex collected, etc. chequer for the purposes in this at expressed, in such and the * 

like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or appointed for affefling, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houses and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, 10 Geo.*. windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and Cap 3. duties upon houses, windows, or lights 5 and for raiftng the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged an the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act Capto enforce the execution of an act of this fefjton of parliament, for granting to his Majesty Jeveral rates and duttes upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for explaining, amending, 21 go. and further enforcing the execution of an act, pajfed in the lafl fejjton cap. io. tf parliament, entitled. An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for railing the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for the more ef~ ^ qco u feftnal levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of cap. 17. 

Great Britain called Scotland; and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act Geo. «, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and cap. penftons\ and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottety, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an at, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act % Geo.. 3. for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows or cap *• and by the said herein before mentioned at, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, sofar as the famejaow remain in force, or are not altered by this at; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things now in force, contained in the said several ats, or any of them, for the affefling, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates 1 and 

Tooele 

39 

The duties granted by this aft u le applied towards payment of the annuities granted bythe lottery aft of Ibis session. 

The afleftors to be allowed d. for each house tor the sir It aflcflrnent. 

Commissioners sot executing the before mentioned afts to execute this aft; 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26. [1778. 

and duties thereby granted, (hall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, raising, levying, col jeftmg, and paying, the several duties upon houses or tenements by this aft granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be, for the assessing, raising, jevy.ng, colleftirtg, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid ads, or any of them sofar as the said powers authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable hereunto, and not altered by*this aft; and that all moneys arising by the said duties granted by this aft (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminjhr. 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in the office of the auditor of the said receipt (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys ariiing bythe said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the aid moneys, fo paid into the said receipt of exchequer, (hall, together with the additional duties on wine^and vinegar, granted bv an act of this present session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid in pursuance of an act of this present fefiion of parliament, entitled. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for efiabiijhing a lottery; and the same (hall not be ifiued or applied to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever. 

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for and in consideration of the extraordinary care and pains requisite in making and adjusting the first aflfeffinent to be made in carrying this aft into execution, theafleftbr or afitefiors (hall have an allowance for such first aflteflment of threepence for each house afiefied by him, her, or them respectively;; he had and received from the respective receivers general, their deputy or deputies, who are hereby appointed and directed to pay the same accordingly/and who (hall be allowed the same in passing their accounts. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for the better execution of this aft, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties hereby granted, the commissioners authorised or appointed, or who (hall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned afts, or any of them, (hall be commissioners for putting in execution this present aft, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the respective counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively within Great Britain; and that the said commissioners. 

1778.] Anno decimo odavo Georgii III c.26. 

midioncrs, in order to the speedy execution of this ad, (hall, in and for that their respective counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, bo purpose to roughs, .cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or before April (hall be appointed cocnmiffioners respectively, meet, on or before 50, 1778, the thirtieth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and fe venty eight, and (hall in like manner meet yearly, and every and before year, at such day or time as. the said commissioners for the time april 3°» being (hall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of y^.y t erc april yearly, and shall then divide themselves to ad in feparare< districts, and proceed in the execution of this present ad, for af felfing, raising, levying, and colleding the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are preferibed by the said before mentioned ads, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed (except in such cafes in which an%altera tion is made by this ad.) 

XI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by Iq cafe there any neglect or default there (hall not have been a meeting of Pot * the said commissioners, and a due execution of the several pow ers hereby created, within or at the time or times, or according fioners within the manner or circumstances directed or preferibed in and by the time LI this present ad, it (hall and may tie lawful for the said commil "” tcd by fioners, or any two or more of them, in all and every the respective counties, (hires, ftewartrics, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such default (hall have happened, to meet and execute the said powers at any other time or rhymes, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and they are hereby they arere authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after quircd to meet the time or times at which such meetings (hold have been held, be^hcreafrer^ and such powers (hold have been executed, according to the and to put this dirediens of this present ad, to meet and execute the lame, fo aft in cxccu as that the said rates and duties be duly and effcdually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucctffois, for the uses in this ad, notwithstanding any fucli omission or defect; and all such meetings and ads of the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, (hall be deeme and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any filch omission or defect as aforesaid. 

XII And it is hereby also enacted. That the said commissioners (hall cause notice to be inserted, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the pari(hes or places within their respective districts or divisions whom they shall think fit to be prefentors or assessors under the laid before roeiitioned ads, or any of them, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the duties upon houses or tenements granted by this ad. 

XIII And, for the more effectual levying and collecting the duty imposed by this aft in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it enacted and declared, That in c?fe at any tipi? the.com 

. „ ’ missioner 

Notice to be inserted in the comm'flionns precepts that th? alitfibrs under the before mentioned afts.are appointed af feflbrs under this aft. 

If the commissioners of supply in * - 

$1 Anno dcclmo octavo Georgii III C a6. [i yj8. 

Scotland Ibdl miflioners of supply in that part of the kingdom (hall neglect to nefnt^tefforv app°*nt aflcff°rs* or n cafe the afleflors by them appointed (hall etc."the fur #* neglect to perform what is required of them by this ad, that veyors ap then, or in such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the pointed under surveyor or surveyors, appointed under the authority of any the ft FC bcf°rc*rcc*tc<* to do ad perform such and the likefervices as are by t, lis or any fqtmcr a required from the said afleflors. duty.. And it is hereby further declared, That whep the 

and (hall t furvcyors an the capacity of afleflors, they (hall be entitled to entitled to the the same reward as is provided for the afleflors in this aft, for same reward, the assessment made in the present year. 

Afleflors to be XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sworn. That every person to be appointed afleflor as aforesaid (hall, before 

he presumes to aft in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths required to be taken by af feflors by the aforesaid afts, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and fubferibe the solemn affirmation, in the following form: 

Tbecatb. T A. B. do [wear, (or affirm, as the cafe may require) thau in JL tbf ajjejfment 'which 1 hall make of the bouses and household offices within the district or pari/h for which L am appointed an ojfeffior, / will rate each at the true annual value, according to the hest of my judgement and Jkill; and that I will truly and faithfully execuie the trujh reposed in me, by virtue of an oft of the eighteenth year of his present majefiy^for impoftng a new duty on all bouses of five pounds a year, and upwards. 

So help me GOD. 

Afleflor ailing before be is sworn, (ball forfeit sol. 

Application ot the penalties. 

Afleflors to ascertain, annually, the full yearly rent of all 

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commissioners in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the said assessment is said to be made, are hereby empowered and required to administer. 

XVI And be it further enacted. That if any person to be appointed afleflor, (hall presume to aft in the execution of the said office or employment, before he (hall have taken the aforesaid oath, (except such person (hall be a quaker, and (hall have made such affirmation as aforesaid)) (hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered In any court of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, nor more chan one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that the forfeitures or penalties foto be incurred (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) (hall be distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or her who (hall inform or sue for the same. 

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such petfons, to be appointed afleflors as aforesaid, do and (hall, before the tenth day of Septmber in the present year, and in all future years before the twenty-fourth day of Jumy efti 

o mat 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26. $3 

mate and ascertain, according to the best of their (kill and judge occupied ment, the full and just yearly rent, which every such dwelling house, with the household offices therewith occupied and hereby ancl to a(fej9 * charged as aforesaid, within the limits and places for which they them accord are to ad, is really and bona fide worth to be let; and do and ingiyt (hall make an afleffinent in writing of sixpence in the pound. All thofeof according to such estimate or valuation, upon the occupier or 5** ayfar occupiers of every such dwelling house, together with other the 5 d"in^he * premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of p0und$ five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, in respect thereof; and of one (hilling in the pound, and all those according to such estimate or valuation, upon the occupier or vtard»r occupiers of every such dwelling house, together with other the, sfinyhe1 

premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of pound, fifty pounds and upwards, in respect thereof: and do and (hall, Afleflbrs to by writing under their respective hands, certify the number of certify to the houses, and other the premises together with each of such houses connmflioners occupied respectively, charged by this ad, within the limits of houitls^uh0' such places as aforesaid, together with the rents estimated and the Names of afeertained as aforesaid for or in respect of the same respectively; the occupiers, and the names of the several occupiers or inhabitants thereof re and thefums fpedively; and the several sums of money charged on and pay able by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this ad; * and likewise do and (hall, on or before the tenth day of siptem her in the present year, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June in every year, deliver the certificates r afleffinents, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the (aid commissioners, or any two or more of them. 

xviif. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nthe 

That the said commissioners, to whom such aflfeflments (hall be ^ctfinenls, delivered in pursuance of this ad, or any two of them, (hall, within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the said respective afleffinents, and to such surcharge or surcharges as (hall or may have been made in the mean time, cither by tl>e same afteflors, or by such surveyor or fur veyoi s as is or arc herein after mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and (hall likewise nominate and appoint two and t appoint of the persons named in each of such affieffinents to becolledors, forvad^divi or any other two such persons as they (hall think able and re fion, fponfible, for the respective divisions and places for which they (hall be fo presented, and (hall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such affeffinents fo by them allowed of, unto the re to whom the fpedive persons by them nominated to be colledors for each (da.. year respectively, who are hereby enjoined and required to colet 

led and pay the duties hereby afiefled, and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-general now appointed, or for the time being to be appointed by his Majesty, or by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer or the commissioners of the treafurv for the time being, in manner hereby directed, such vol. XXXII D ' money 

|4 

Directions for appointing assessors, etc. in privileged places. 

Commissioners required to peruse the certificates etc. which (hall be delivered to them, and to examine the alfcfibrs; etc. 

and if (hey suspect that any house is omitted or undercharged, they may um jnon the occupier to appear before them. 

How com mi f fioners are to act if the perrons summon. od do not appear, etc. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 26. [177&. 

money as they (hall be charged withal, the parish or place for which they arc fo employed (hall be answerable. 

XIX And be it further ena<5ted, That in all privileged and other places being extra parochial, and not within the constable wicks or precincts of the respective assessors to be appointed by virtue of this a, the said commissioners or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit persons living in or near the said privileged or other places as aforesaid, to be assessors for the said places, and to make and return their said assessments in like manner as by this a & is appointed in any parish, tything, or place; and also to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required ta collect and pay the same according to the rates appointed by this act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this act. 

XX And bp it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorised and required ftrichy to peruse the certificates or assessments, which by this act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and also to examine the afleflors and prefentors thereof; and if the said commissioners, or any three of them, within their several limits or divisions, (hall, at the time of the delivery of such certificates or assessments, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge or cause to suspect that any house, or other premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, which ought to be charged by this acl, is or are omitted in such certificates; or that any house, or other such premises, is or are undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this act; the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hall have power to summon the perlbn or persons occupying such house or tenement to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which three days notice at least (hall be given; and if any person or persons summoned (hall neglect to appear, the said commissioners may proceed to amend such assessments, and to charge such occupier with such rate as (hall appear reasonable from the evidence before them; and moreover the Paid commissioners to whom such certificates or affeflrnents (hall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three commissioners of the respective counties, (hires, or fiewartries, where such assessments (hall be made, shall have power, and are hereby required by all lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual value of any house, and other such premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, charged in or by any such afleffmenr, or which (hall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the said assessments, foto be delivered to such commissioners, to the end that such duty may be fet and imposed upon every such house or tenement according to the true intent and meaning of this at; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, after such perusal and examination thereof, fet their hands to.the 

said 

j778.j Anno decimo oiflavo georgh III C 35 

said refpeflive assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as Shall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, testifying their allowance of the same. 

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority afcrefaid, Duplicate of That the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, 

from time to time yearly, cause true duplicates of such affeff out etc mcnts as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted * 

in such and the same manner, and at like times as is directed by the aforesaid a6ts, or any of them, with refpett to the duplicates of the assessments therein mentioned. 

XXII Provided always. That in the said duplicates to be transmitted to the receivers general, and to the king’s remem number of brancer, the number of houlcs Shall be inserted, as well as the houses, and amount of the duties, in order to ascertain the money which the the amount of receivers general are directed by this aft to pay to the assessors lhe duties, for the first year’s assessment, at threepence each house, and for 

the information of the proper officers who are to allow the same in the receiver’s accounts. 

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That all and every surveyor and surveyors appointed and to be airtlments, appointed, under or by virtue of the said several aefts herein and amend before mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties there them before by imposed, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby impow ered to infpelt, examine, and supervise, the assessments to be njiffioners i made in or for any such parish or place as aforesaid, before the commissioners Shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such assessment or assessments, if he or they (hall see just cause for fo doing; and every person, in whose custody any such certificate or assessment Shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the same : and if any such surveyor or surveyors And if they Shall, after any such assessment or assessments Shall be fo respectively made out, signed, afid allowed as aforesaid, find or dilco t^r thc aflelt vef, upon his or their survey, that any houses, and other pre menls are mises as aforesaid therewith respectively occupied, which Should signed, they and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, Shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or Shall have been the coinmif under rated, such surveyor or surveyors Shall certify the same in foi»er$, ctc. writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said commissioners, on or be*oie ihe sixteenth day of November next, for the first quarterly payment, which Shall be due on the tenth day of Oftobtr next, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at tile faqie times they make their surcharges for the duties on houses and windows, in order to have such omission or under rate rectified in the said assessment; and the said commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly. 

XXIV And be it further enabled and declared, That if any If any far. surveyor or surveyors Shall omit to make a surcharge or surcharges charge is for the first half year, it (lull and may be lawful for the said fiir halt year 

D 2 veyor > # 

Anno decimo octavo Gkorgii III C 26. [1778. 

veyor or surveyors to make a furchatge or surcharges for the 

whol$ year. 

XXV And be it further enacted and declared. That vihere any bouse (hall be divided into different (lories, tenements, 

etc. 

Each apartment in the inns of court to be deemed an entire house. 

with the duties, they are to be paid by their parents or guardians. 

36 

it may be made for the whole year. 

An house 

or landings, and ihalj be inhabited by two or more perils, to pay f°ns or faniilies, the same (hall nevertheless be fubje<5t to, and 

the dune as (hall in like manner pay, the duties granted by this a61, as if 

if innabited such house or tenement was inhabited by one person or family byone family. any 

Proviso, relat XXVI Provided always. That each didridl, chamber, or ing to colleges, apartment, in any college or hall in any of the universities of Great Britain, (hall be subject to the duties granted by this aft, as if the same were an .entire house. 

XXVII And be it like wise enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every chamber or apartment, in any of the inns of court or chancery, being severally in the tenure or occupation of any person orperfons, (hall be fubje<5t to the duties granted by this adl, as if the same were an entire house. 

Where infants XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore are chargeable said. That where any person or persons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, (hall be under the age of twenty-one years, in every such cafe the parents, guardians, and tutors, of such infants refpedttvely, upon default of payment by such infants, (hall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with, the payments which such infants ought to have made; and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, mall neglect to refuse to pay as aforesaid, it (hall and may be lawful to proceed againd them in like manner as againd any other person or persons making default of payment as herein before is mentioned: and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, (hall be allowed all and every furr. and sums paid for such infants, in his, her, or their accounts. 

XXIX Provided nevertheless, That this at, or anything herein contained, (hall not extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, any house, or other such premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, in the possession or occupation of his Majedy, or any of the royal family; or to subject or charge any amba(tador or foreign minider redding in the kingdom of Great Britain, to or with the payment of the said duties, or either of them. 

XXX Andy for the better information of the commijfioncrs af etc ma” ’pomu^ t0 carr ns Vlt0 executlon* <tnd the surveyors, and the hifpe£h or persons to be appointed ojfeffors as aforesaid, with refpefl to the an take copies of, nual rent or value of all houses or tenements charged by this (ir, and parish rates, the better to enable them to perform their du/yy be it further enacted 

by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any two of them, and the said surveyors and assessors, or any one or more of them, or any person or persons authorised by them, or any of them, (hall have liberty to inspect, and to take copies of, or extradts from, any book or books kept by any parish officer or 

officerr,. 

His Majedy, ami tne royal family, not liab'e to pay the duties 

nor foreign mimttcrs. 

Commission 

etc. 

1778-] Anno decimo odavo Georgii III c.26. 37 

officers, or other person or persons, of or concerning the rates payable to the poor, or any other public taxes, rates, or assessments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they (hall be appointed : and if any person or persons, in whose pemlfy on custody or power any of the said books (hall be, (hall refuse or persons pof neglect to permit the said inspection, or the copies or extrads leircd ruch to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said commiflionbrs with refus their books, when required foto do, then, and in every such such mfpedi cafe, every person who (hall fo refuse or neglect (hall, for every on, etc. such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (billings. 

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority afore All houses to said. That no towelling house, or other such premises as afore according to said therewith occupied, chargeable by this ad as aforesaid, (hall she fullannuai be estimated or rated at any less value yearly than that at which value, 

the same (lands legally rated and assessed to the public k rates, taxes, and assessments, or any of them now subsisting, where such premises are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full annual value thereof respectively; and when such premises notwithftand' as aforesaid are charged by a pound rate, according to any pro ing they may portionate part of the real annual value thereof respectively, the he otherwise same (hall not be estimated or rated, for the purposes of this ad, orates. at less than the full annual value, upon which such proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid * 

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted farm houses and declared, That no farmhouse (hall be assessed or rated as not to be rated, aforesaid for the purpose of raising the duty herein mentioned, 

XXXIII And) for the better undemanding what is hereby meant What (hall be as a farmhouse, it is further declared, That all houses bona fide deemed a used or occupied for the purposes of husbandry only, (hall be tann' ou e" deemed and taken to be farmhouses, and no other. 

XXXIV Provided always. That no such farmhouse, which Certain farm shall be occupied by the owner thereof, (hall be entitled to such houses liable exemption, which (hall be. valued under this ad at more than t0 berated, ten pounds per annum, distinct from the land therewith occupied. 

XXXV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hospitals, etc. authority; foresaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, 10 C rat" or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any hospital, 

or house provided for the reception and relief of poor persons, to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this ad. 

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore Occupiersof said. That no occupier or occupiers of any dwelling house or afeffiref to houses, in any parish or place, (hall be charged or alteffed to the poor's poor’s rate or highway duty for or in respect of any rates^r duties rate or high imposed and made payable by this adj but that such owners waytiury. tor and occupiers (hall continue to be rated and averted to the poor’s 

rate and highway duty in such manner as they were rated and * assessed to the said rates and highway duty respectively at the time of the pafling of this adt; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Payment of 

I) 2 said, the rate not 

What houses shall be deem ed habitable. 

Persons overrated may ap peil to the commission 

r. 

38 Anno decimo octavo Georgii HI. C 26. [ 1778. 

to mtitle any said, That the payment of any of the rates and duties granted person to a by this ad by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling house lettleracnt. or houses;; any parjfo or place, (hall not entitle the person or persons, fo paying such rates or duties, to a legal fettiement in such parish or place. 

XXXVIII And be it further enacted and declared, That no houses (ha!!, within the intention of this ad be deemed or taken to be inhabited houses, except the same (hall be inhabited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the same. 

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (hall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or overrated, by any afleflinent, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this ad, it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the said commissioners; and that the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they arc 

When appeals hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals; and that (hall be heard. ajj such appea]s for the first quarter (hall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and the fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and all future appeals on the days appointed, and in the manner directed, in the several rffts herein before mentioned with respect to the rates and duties thereby granted. 

Comnrflion XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ers, on hearing That the said commissioners, or any of them, (hall not, upon noft<tmak car, nb an' appca^ make any abatement or defalcation anylabate * n le ch3rge or surcharge made upon any person by such assessment in the ment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such surveyor or fur a(teflmenr, etc. veyors as aforesaid;; the same (hall stand good, and remain m” de*^n°oath* Part annua a^flment, unless it (hall then appear to the 

™at*h<tappel commissioners, by examination of the circumstances of the cafe upon oath, that such person hath been overrated in and by such afleflinent or surcharge 5 in which cafes the said commissioners are hereby authored an 1 iinpowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diniinifh any such afleflinent to be made as aforesaid, in fudi manner as they (hall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act: and every person tending to ap intending to appeal to the said commissioners (hall, and is hereby peal, are to required to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any nortcl°to the a^e^or or afleflors, surveyor or surveyors, of the parish or place wherein such person is assessed, of such intention to appeal, and such afleflor or afleflors, surveyor or surveyors, may then and there attend to justify the said afleflinent and surcharge; and such afleflor and afleflors, surveyor and surveyors, and appellant, (hall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and of the said commissioners determining the same. 

XLI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid ~ all appeals once heard and determined by the said com srstiar m^ioners> or any three or more of them, or the major part of 

them 

lanr is over rated. 

Person? in 

afleflors, etc. 

Determination of the 

177?*] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.26. 39 

them then present on the day or days by them appointed for 

hearing of Appeals, Aall be final, except as is herein after di except, etc. 

reefed. 

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Person difl* that if any such aflefibr of afiefiors, surveyor or Purveyors, or *lsficd witbthe the persons fo appealing in that part of Great Britain called o^thtcom 011 England, or in If ales, or in Berwick upon Tweedy (hall missioner apprehend the determination made by the said commiffi may, in eng oners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aiando| and (hall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such desc justices termination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such aflefibr of thecourtof or afiefiors, Purveyor or Purveyors, or appellant respectively, to king’s Bench, require the said com midi oners to state specially, and to sign the ctc* cafe upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; Vvhich cafe the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king’s bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such calc fo transmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the fefleflment which (hall have been the cause of such appeal ftiall be altered or confirmed : and that if such aflefibr or afiefiors, surveyor or fdrvey and in Sectors, or the person fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain land to one df 

called Scotland, (hall apprehend the determination made by the judges cf X f.. •/*• rr 1, '. the court or 

laid commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning fcfij0n)0r 

of this aand (hall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied baions ofex with such determination, it (ball and may be lawful to and for chequer there. such surveyor or person dissatisfied refpecftively, to require the said commissioners, or the major part of them then prefect, to state specially and sign the cafe upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which cafe the said commissioners are hereby required to state and lign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such cafe fo transmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the alteflinent which (hall have been the cause of such appeal (hall be altered or confirmed : provided always, That notwithstanding any such cafe fo transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said commissioners lhali (land with respect to the payments which (hall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such cafe. 

XLUI. Provided also, and be it further enadfccd, That no stay n0 stay ^ 

4 of prosecution to 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 27. [ 1778- 

b.c.. admitted in of prosecution, upon any command, warrant, motion, or order, any luu for or direction by nonvult ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, ad dentities in received, or allowed, by any court whatsoever, in any 

Sifted by this fait or proceeding, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, aft. or otherwise, for the recovery of all or any of the pains, penalties, 

or forfeitures, upon any person or persons by this ad inflicted or therein mentioned, for or in order to the conviction 

Constables, lieadbo roughs, etc. to afliitin the execution of this aft. 

Persons sued for executing this aft, may pjead the general ill'll e. 

and recover treble colts. 

or disability of any person offending against this ad. 

XLIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That all constables and headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty’s officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this ad, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf, by the respective commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them. • 

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this ad, or of any clause, matter, or tiling herein contained, such perlon or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinpe an action, or suffer a nonpros. Or shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. 

CAP, XXVII 

Preamble. 

After April io, 

1778, the following additional dunes to be paid on importation of winesand vinegar into Great Britain: 

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom. 

Most gracious Sovereign, 

WE, your Majesty* s moji dutiful and loyalfubjeeh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajjembled, towards raifingy by the most easy means, the neceffery supplies to defray your majefly*s public k expenses, have freely and voluntarily rejolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates ^ duties, and impositions, hereinafter mentioned; and do moji humbly befeeeh your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the kingvmoft excellent ma jeftv, by and .with the advice arid consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, over and above all subsidies of tonage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force, there shall be raised, levied, coliefted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors (before landing thereof,) the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any difeount or 

de 

177**3 Anno decimo odavo georgh III c.27. 

dedudtion inwards whatsoever, or any drawback upon re exportation afterwards, except as herein after is providedthat is to say, for every tonne of French wine and French vinegar, which (ball be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds and eight (billings; and fo after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity; and also for every tonne of all other Wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds and four fhiilings; and fo after that rate for any greater or lester quantity; the same to be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by fueh ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures (except as to discounts and drawbacks aforesaid)) are mentioned and expressed in the adt of parliament made and parted in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King James the second, (entitled, An act for granting his Majesty an imposition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one tkoufand six hundred and eighty five, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, J or in any other at or acts of parliament, by which the faij impositions, rates, and duties, upon all wines and vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual; and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provuions, articles, and clauses, therein contained, not anyways altered by this adt, (hall continue in full force and effect during the continuance of the (aid impositions, rates, and duties, hereby granted, and (hall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering, and paying, the said impositions, rates, and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, matters, and things, had been again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 

II Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay any further duties upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants or importers thereof (hall refuse to pay or secure the duties; and which by an adt, parted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, (entitled, An act for the improvement of bis majejly*s revenues of cuff oms, excise, and inland duties,) are, on such refusal, directed to be received into the custody of proper officers of the customs, to be publicly sold, in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar. 

III And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said impositions, rates, and duties, by this adt granted, (hall, from time to time, be under the management and direduon of the refpedtivc commirtioners of his majdty’s customs, and their officers for the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver genefal of the customs in England for the time being; and such receiver-general (hall weekly, to wit, on wednesday in every week, if it be not an holy day, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holy day, answer and pay all 

the 

viz. for every tonne of French wine or vinegar, 81. 8 s. 

and for every tonne of all other wines and vinegar 41. 4». 

to be levied, recovered, etc, as expressed in Adt 1 Jac. s. 

or in any other acts by which the said duties are continued and made perpetual. 

This adt not to extend to damaged or unmerchantable wines. 

The duties to be under the management of the commissioners of the etiitoms, 

and to be paid weekly into the exchequer. 

42 Anno dedmo octavo geqrgu III C 27. [1778. 

the moneys arising by the said additional impositions, rates, and duties, (the necessary charges of raiflng, collecting, and answering the same, only excepted,) into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general (hall receive for the ufeof his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this ad mentioned. 

A book to be IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kept in the That there lhali be provided and kept, in the office of the audi fice^ whfcb or rece’pl exchequer, a book or books, ' in which 

(hall be entera mo«»es arising from the said several rates and duties, and td ait the mo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, (hall be entered Separate sues arising and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Maje froib the new hjg heirs an<j successors, upon any account whatsoever; and uu “> the said money, fo paid into the said receipt of exchequer as 

^appli a^orcfaid, (hall, together with such other rates, duties, and reve 

ed towards nues, as (hall be granted by any a£fc or adfcs of this session of 

payment of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the 

the annuities several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are of * ^rc<®e<* to ^ pad and payable pursuant to an a dt of this pre this^ftlaln.0 ^ent fe®on of parliament, (entitled, An act for ra'tfmg a certain sum of money by way of annuities > and for ejiablijhing a lottery.) Drawback of V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the part of the authority aforesaid. That, upon the exportation of any sort of auowcdon* w*nc (cxccpl fr™cb wines) from this kingdom, to any British exportation of co^ony or plantation in America, as merchandise, the exporter any «ine (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of nil the before mentioned (exceptfrench duties paid upon the importation of such wine by virtue of this wmes) to the ac except the sum of three pounds, thirteen (billings, and six nies’in Ame Pence Per tonne; which drawback or allowance (hail be made in iica. such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and „ 

forfeitures, in all refpedb, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such 1 wine, was, could, or might be made before the pafiing of this adt. 

After s?pt.29, VI And, for the better preventing the dandejline importation of 1778, nospa wines in mail cajks, and landing the same in this kingdom without mfh, Porm payment of duties be it further enacted by the authority afore gueze, ur said. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day 01 September, stal? term' onethoufand seven hundred and seventy eight, no wines of the po»ted into growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the Gicai Britain crowns of Spain or Portugal, and that no French wines, (hall be in any calk imported or brought into Great Britain in any smaller vetfel or hoe the ad ca(k tan wats comm°tily called an hogshead, in which fuchs wines have been usually imported, upon forfeiture of all such 

wines as (hall be imported contrary to this adt, together with the casks and other package containing the same, (except as herein afrer is provided;) and the same (hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty’s customs, and prosecuted in any court of record at 1vejiminjler% or in the court of exchequer at Edingburgh refpeduvely; one moiety of which forfeiture (after deducing the charges of condemnation and falc of such wines) 

43 

177®*] Anno decimo octavo Geqrgii III c.28. 

(hall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as (hall fcize and prosecute such wine. 

VII Provided always, and it is hereby further enadked by the Exception in authority aforefeid, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller calks than c(j for pirate" is herein before limited, without fraud or concealment, for pri use. vate use, and not by way of merchandise; anything in this at, % or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXVIII 

An act for repealing so much of an at, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty s reign entitled, An at to explain, amend, arid reduce into one a of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; as is to subject carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls j andfor vacating contra ft s for leasing tolls. 

WHEREAS by an act, made m the thirteenth year of his Preamble. 

present Majefifs reign, entitled, An act to explain, amend, Thc generaj' and reduce into one ad of parliament, the general laws now in turnpike ad being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great 1% Geo. 3. Britain called England, and for other purposes; it was enaftedy r'citcd* 

Tbpty from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jix, a double toll Should be paid for the pajfage through turnpike gates of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inchesfromfide to fide; and for thi horses, or beafis of draughty drawing the fame: and whereasy by an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Maiefiy, the said double toll was suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand fevtn hundred and seventy eight: and whereas great inconveniences twill arise if the faidprovifion be fujfered to take place; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said ad, made in the thirteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, as en So much of acted. That the trustees appointed by virtue, or under the au the recited ad thority, of any ad of parliament made for repairing or amending pa, e^a*v?r' turnpike roads, or such person or persons as they should autho tq\\^ belaid rise, (hold and might, and were thereby required to demand for all carria and take, for every wagon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the whose fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six .w}?efjg inches from fide to fide, at theleaft, at the bottom or foie there thanfixuiches. of, and for the horses, or beads of draught, drawing the same, * 

from and after the twenty pinth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, double the tolls or duties which 

were 

Trustees may 

release all toffees of tolls from their contrails at Michaelmas neat. 

Preamble. 

Recital of an ad sageo. i; 

his Majesty charter, dated Dec, 1775 j 

ad 16 geo.j; 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.29. [1778. 

were or should be payable for the same respectively by any adk or ads of parliament made for amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such wagon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, (hall be permitted to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls (hold be payable by virtue of any such ads; and which, by an ad made in the sixteenth year of the reigfi of his present Majesty, was suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; mail be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed. 

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for such trustees, and they are hereby required, to release all lefiees of tolls, within their respective jurifdidions, from their respective contracts at Michaelmas next; provided forty days notice (hall have been given in writing, by any such lessee or lessees, to the treasurer or clerk of any such trustees respectively. 

CAP. XXIX 

An act for impowering the commissioners and governors of the royal hofpitalfor seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to ex change certain mejjuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to tbemojl noble Hugh Duke Northumberland, in same one or more of the open common fields at Corbridge, in the said county; and to empower the said commissioners and governors to grant leases, in manner therein mentioned. 

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made andpuffed in the twenty fecondyear of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for vesting the several estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, deceased, corn prized in several settlements therein mentioned, in trustees for an abfoiute estate of inheritance for the benefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich; and for raising certain sums ot money out of part of the said estates for the relief of the children of the said Charles Rat cliffe \ several baronies, manors, me fudges, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments (having been the ejlate of the said James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, and having become forfeited to his Majesty by virtue of the several attainders of the said James earl of Derwentwater Charles Ratcliffe,) were by the said act divejled out of the crown, and veiled in trustees for the use and benefit of the said royal hospital: and whereas, by virtue of his Majesty's royal charter, bearing date the sixth day of December, one thousand [even hundred and seventy five, under the great fealof Great Britain, certain persons therein named were incorporated by the name of the commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent: and whereas by an act of parliament, puffed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for veiling certain estates, now held in 

trust 

45 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 29. 

trust for the benefit of the royal hospital for featnen at Greenwich, in the commissioners and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his majesty’s letters patent, after reciting ftveral letters patent, and the a Si of parliament of the twenty feeond year of the reign of his late Majesty, her ein before recited, it was enacted, That all and every the barony, manor, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, end hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, with their federal rights, members, appurtenances, thentofore given, granted, devijed, fettled upon, or vejled in, conveyed, or limited, or demised, or afftgned to, any person or persons whomsoever, /» trust 0r for the use or benefit of the said hofpitaly or given, granted, or devised, to the said hofpitaly by any gift, grant, letters patent, will, letters of admini/lra tion, of parliament y indentures, deed pollr, or other deed in wriiingy 

ar otherwise howsoever, W the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, m,, profits thereof Should, from an I 

after the firjl day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy bi divejled out of all and every suck person and persons, V Zvrj and their heirs, executors, and adminijlratorsy and the same should be, andfbould be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth fettled upon and vejled in the said corporation, the commijftoners 

and governors of the royal hospital forfeamen at Greenwich, r the county of Kent, their fuccejfors and ajftgns, to theuje of the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, their fuccejfors and ojjigns, for ever, ri i absolutely discharged of and from all juch right, title, interejly claim, demand, <7/ <7/77 person or persons 

whatjoever had, or might or could have, in or to the said barony, >7fc7 awrj, meffuagcsy lands, tenements, //vfoj, and hereditaments, tf/zi light bouse duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account bowfever, save as therein mentioned: and whereas the fiveral ntfjfuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, hereinafter 

particularly mentioned, being part of the find ejlate fo vejled in the said commijftoners and governors, and situate in the peenjhes Alnwick, Embleton, <7«^ Warkworth, 1/7 the county ^/ Northumberland, w inconveniently situated with ref peel to the other efiates of and belonging to the said royal hospital but the situation thereof is very commodious to the ejlates of bis grace the duke Northumberland : and whereas his grace the duke Northumberland is owner of certain lands in the open common fields situate and being at cor bridge, in the said county of Northumberland, which lie very commodious to the estates of and belonging to the said hospital: and whereas the said duke t Northumberland, being deftrous to exchange a part of his said lands lying in the said open common fields at cor bridge afor: said, for the said mejjuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to the said commissioners and governors, in the said parijbes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, a treaty bath been thereupon had, when it appeared manlfejlly for the benefit, advantage, and convenience of the said royal hospital that such exchange Should take place and be completed: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and pajfed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An afor the application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by the attainders of James ear! of Der 

wenlwater 

and Att 8 Geo. t. 

46 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.29. f 1778! 

wentwater and Charles Ratclffe, it was enacted. That thefaidcom mijjioners and governors Should give public notice in the London Gazette of the time and place when and where the aid estates were intended to be let, six months at leaf before the expiration of the term for which the said (fates were then or Should thereafter be let: and whereas there are many mines and minerals in and under the said ejlatesi the value of which would be greatly reduced and diminijhedy if they were to be let by public advertisement: and whereas there are alfa lands fo connected with several of the said mines and minerals, that it would be inconvenient to have them m the pojfcjfton of tenants not oc cupying such mines and minerals, which may frequently happen, unless the said commissioners and governors are impoweredto let the said mines and minerals, and the lands connected therewith, without advertisement;; as the said mines and minerals, and the lands fo connected, therewith, cannot be let without advertifmg the same, nor can the said exchange fo proposed to be made with his grace the duke of Northumberland be carried into execution, without the authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Thc gc°ftr‘ authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and w^ch°hofpiul or ie commissioners and governors of the said royal hof empowered to pital, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to exchange exchange certo and with the laid duke of Northumberland, for and in lieu of tain lands, certain lands and grounds of and belonging to the said duke of ©themands T Northumberland in the open common fields at Corbridge aforesaid' ' to the several messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and heredita thedukeof ments, hereafter particularly mentioned; that is to say, one Northumbcr message or tenement, with the appurtenances, situate in Alnwick, ad ’ in the said county of Northumberland, with a garth or garden to 

the same belonging or appertaining, boundering on the east upon the king’s high street or road, and on the south upon a street called Bailey or Bailiff Gate, on the west by a message and buildings belonging to Mary Davidson spinster, and on the north by lands belonging to the said Mary Davidson and the said duke of Northumberland \ two parcels of ground, with the appurtenances called Ratclijfe's Clefts, situate near the said town of Alnwick, boundered on the south and east by lands belonging to the said duke of Northumberland, on the north by lands belonging to Michael Doubleday esquire, and on the west by the king’s highroad; a parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, called Barbara's Bank, situate near the town of Alnwick aforesaid, boundered on the east by waste ground belonging to the said duke df Northumberland, on the west and no th by lands belonging to the said Michael Doubleday, and on the south by the river Alne, or by other the right metes and bounds; one other parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, situate near the town of Alnwick, being part and parcel of a close or parcel of land called the Gcofe Close, and boundered on all fides by the lands of the said duke of Northumberland, and which said message er tenement, garth, gar u den. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 29. 47 

den, and several parcels of grounds, with the appurtenances, are situate, lying, and being in the parish of Alnwick, in the (aid county of Northumberland, and contain together by estimation nineteen acres, two roods, and twenty seven perches, be the same more or less; the tithes of corn and grain, and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, within the (lead fields of Eroxfield, called or known by the name of the Forefieldiy in the parish of Embleton, in the said county of Northumberland; and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, in Le star.ky and the meadow thereunto adjoining, called or known by the name of Ginfieldy otherwise Gynfen Meadow, in tyre parish of Alnwick, in the said county of Nor chamber landr(m which said tithes were formerly belonging to the monafrery of Alnwick aforesaid)) a. message, burgage house, or tenement and garth with the appurtenances, and half an acre of ground, more or less, in a field called the Hather Leazesy situate at fvarkworth, In the parish of lvarlworth% in the said county of Northumberland 

II And be it further enacted, That all and every the said The said messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, foto 

be exchanged with the said duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, fjom°an truth (hall be and inure to, for, upon, and fubjedfc to such and the and limitati fames uses, estates, trusts, powers, provisoes, declarations, re on expressed (trillions, and limitations, as are now fubfiftitig of and concern in former acs ing the estates of the late duke of Somerset, in the said parishes °ciatyngau>cthe of Alnwick and ivarkworth respectively, freed and discharged, and fai(j hospital. absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against, all the uses, estates, titles, trusts, powers, provisoes, gnd limitations, expressed and declared in any actor as of parliament heretofore made concerning any estates vested in trufteea for the use of the said hospital, or in the said commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Gretnwicky in the county of Kent. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Other lands all and every the lands and grounds at or in the parish of Cor to given m bridge aforesaid, to be exchanged with the said commissioners and to^veiled m governors of the said royal hospital, for and in lieu of the several the commifli xnefiuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in oners and go. Alnwick, emb!etony and ivarkworth aforesaid, (hall be vested in vefnor^etc. the corporation being the commissioners and governors of the 

royal hospital for seamen at Greenwichy in the county of Kenty their successors and assigns, to the use of them the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, and their successors and assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of, from, and against all and every the uses, estates, titles, trusts, powers, provisoes, and limitations, in and by any will, deed, or settlement, by which the same is or are now held or enjoyed, or now or at any time heretofore hath or have been made, created, or declared of and concerning the fames but nevertheless to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same trusts, limitations, and uses, as are by any a (ft or acts, of parliament or otherwise limited, expressed, and declared. 

and to be held of the duke of Northumberland as of his manor of Corbridge. 

Cbmnn (Turners knpowered to let leases, withouradver tigng the same. 

Expenses of tins ait how to be paid 

Public au 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 29. [1778- 

clared, of and concerning the several estates of the said James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, which are now vetted in the commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital. 

IV Provided always, and it is hereby .further declared and enacted. That the lands and grounds at or in the parith of Corbridge aforesaid, foto be exchanged with the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, (hall, from and after such exchange, be held of the said duke of Northumberland, as of his manor of Corbridge, by the like tenure, and under and subject to the like (but not to any increase) quit rents, or free rents and service, as such of the said several messuages, lands, tenements, tirhes, and hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embkton^ and Warhworth aforesaid, foto be given in exchange as aforesaid, as 

'are lying within and held of the respective manors of Alnwick and ivarkworth, are now refpeirtively held by and fubjedi to. 

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the parting of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, and their successors, from time to time, when and fo often as they (hall think proper and expedient, to make, grant, and execute leases or demises of any mines or minerals within or under any of the lands or grounds verted in them, and also of any such of the said lands or grounds as they (hall deem necessary and proper to be demised, together with such mines or minerals, for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, pnd from time to time to grant renewals of such leases or demises, without advernfing the letting of such mines or minerals, or the lands fo thought proper or intended to be let therewith \ prpvideci that no such renewals do exceed the term of twenty-one years from the time of making thereof, and that such rents, duties, terms, and conditions, (hall be reserved, made payable, and agreed upon, as the said commissioners and governors, and their successors, (hall in their judgements from time to time think most likely to increase the revenue of the said royal hospital; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. 

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the costs and charges of this adt (hall be paid in the manner following; that is to say, one half thereof (except such as (hall be due and payable to the solicitor and agents of the said commissioners and governors for his and their trouble and expenses) (hall be born and paid by the said duke of Northum• btrland, and the other half thereof, together with such as (hall be fo due and payable to the said solicitor and agents, (hall be born and paid by the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital. 

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That this act (hall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, a public a61; and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such wilhout specially pleading the same. 

VIII Sav 

1778.] Anno decimo otshvo georgu III C 30. 

VIII Saving always to the king’s most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and all and every other person and persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, his, her, and their heirs, facceflors, executors, and administrators, (other than the laid commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital), all such eilate, right title, and interest, as he, (he, or they had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, foto be exchanged with the said duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, before the palling of this actor could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in cafe this act had not been made. 

CAP. XXX 

An act for the more effectually levying of the duty upon fervdnts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the seventeenth year of his present majejly's reign, entitled, An adt for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several r^tes and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jevenj there Should be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his ma jefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, after the rate of twenty-one Billings per annum for every male servant, within the kingdom of Great Britain, who Should then have been, or Should afterwards be retained or employed in the several capacities in the said act mentioned: and whereas it was by the said act enacted, That the duty by the said act imposed uponfervants Should be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such ptrfons, and Should be paid into his Majesty s exchequer for the purposes in the said act expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or appointed for affejfing, raiftng, levying, colie Cling, receivings and payings the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An adt for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raiftng the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and in and by another aft, made in the twentieth year of bis said late Majesty, entitled, An a<jt to enforce the execution pf Vol. XXXII E an 

49 

General saying. 

Preamble. Recital of i7geo.3c.j9. 

aogeo. C j. 

Cap 4». 

l.ooqle 

So 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 30. [1778. 

an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and in and by an ati, made in the twenty firjl year of his said late Majesty* s ngeo icio. reign, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act, passed in the lad session of parliament, entitled. An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, ana lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights 5 and for raiftng the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and in and by an act, made in the thirty firjl year of the reign of his said late Majesty, gigeo.t.c ss. entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon noufes; and upon windows or lights; arid for railing the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his pre % Geo. 3. C sent Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights; and by an act, made in 6 000.3.0.38. the sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights 3 and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, then in force, contained in the faidfeveral afts, or any of them, for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted, Should be in full force, and be truly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collecting, and paying the duties upon servants, by the aid aft of the feventeentb year of his present Majesty granted, as fully and effcftually, to all intents and purposes, as the Jame were for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collecting, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid afts, or any of them, sofar as the said powers, authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said act of the feventeentb year of his present Majesty; and that all moneys anf ing by the said duty granted by the said lafl mentioned aft (the necejjary charges for raiftng and accounting for the same excepted) should, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majejly*s exchequer at Westminster, dijlinftly and apart from all other branches of the pub lick revenue, and should be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund : and whereas, by one other aft of parliament, made in the twenty sixth year of his said late majejly*s and 26 Geo.». reign, entitled. An act for the more effectual levying the duties c.17. upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called 

Scotland, after writing as therein is recited, it was enacted. That the duties and rates, by the afts therein mentioned, imposed upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should, from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, be raised, levied, andxollefted, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas it is apprehended that the several proviftons, made in and by the said act of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, for a raiftng* 

5* 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.30- 

raising, levying and collecting, the several duties or rates upon houses, windows, or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, 

Should be enforced with regard to the raising, hvying, and collecting, the rates and duties upon Jervants, in and by the said a CL of the fven teenth year of his present Majesty, to be raised, collected, and levied \ be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the duty imposed, by the said act of The duty im the feventcenth of his present Majesty, upon (crvants, in that p°rcd on fer part of Great Britain called Scotland, (nail be a fie fled, raised, le vied, collected, and received, in that part of this kingdom called Geo* 

Scotland, by such persons, and (hall be paid into his majefly’s (hall be affvft exchequer tor the purposes in the said at expressed, in such and d collected, the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and un c^vbn«^aoicl der such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to pa^lnmthe such rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or ap exchequer pointed for aflefling, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and under the like paying, the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in that part of Pc” a, tlc*>etc* Great Britain called Scotland, in and by the said aft, made in the «d*jor coflctt twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty; and that ing and pay all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, ing the duties forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained CI joules and in the said act of the twenty sixth year of his late majesty’s reign, for the aflefling, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties therein mentioned, (hall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, in that part of this kingdom called Scotland, for the aflefling, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties upon servants, by the fail] aft, of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same is or may be for the aflefling, raising, levying, collecting, and charging, the rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, in the said act of the twenty sixth of his said late Majesty mentioned, sofar as the said powers and authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said act of the seventeenth year of his said present Majesty; and that alimonies, arising by the said duty granted by the said last mentioned aft (the neceltary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the pubfick revenues, and (hall be carried to, and be made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund. 

II And, to the end that no doubts may a rise touching the execution of the said act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid„ That in cafe, at any if commtfll time hereafter, the commissioners appointed to put the said act oners neglect in execution, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hail t^a£poi, u neglect to appoint afleflors, or in cafe the afleflors by them ap a^obrsvan pointed (hall fail or neglect to give or leave such notice or warn giving proper ing, in writing, to or for the master or mistress of every servant notices to 

E 2 on roaftm# etc. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii HI. C 30. [1778. 

on whom a duty is itnpofed by the said aft; that then, and in such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said adt^ of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, within fourteen days after the time piefcribed by law for the annual appointment of the afleflors, to give or leave notice or warning, in writing, to or for the matter or mistress of every servant on whom a duty is imposed by this aft, within the limits of the places for which such surveyors are to aft, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days then next ensuing, a list, in writing, of his or her servants. retained or employed within the said district, describing the number by hinvor her retained or employed, the christian and furnameof each servant, and the office or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or employed; every such list to contain the greatest number of servants at anyone time retained and employed, in the courfeof the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every such master or mistress do and (hall, after such notice fo given or left, make out a list of his or her servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such How surveyors surveyor or surveyors: and in cafe any such master or mistress ca^mafter^ nec or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such list, 

etc! negleftto the time before mentioned then such surveyor or survey 

make out ors (hall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make and deliver an assessment upon such master or mistress fo refusing or neglect proper lists of jng^ for or jn rcfpc& 0f the number of servants fo retained or eir ervarns. cmpj0ye(j by such master or mistress, distinguishing them by their christian and surname, and their respective employments; and every such afleffinent fo made upon any such neglect or refusal, (hall be final and conclusive upon such matter or mistress, who (hall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such master or mistress (hall prove that he or she were not at their respective dwelling houses at the time of the delivery of such respective notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their respective lists to the surveyors; or unless such matter or mistress (hall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered their lists, as the commiflloners in their judgement (hall think reasonable and sufficient, 

Tke duty to III And be it further enabled and declared, That, in that be paid half part 0f Quat Britain called Scotland, "every person charged with ywy. the duty granted by the said adt, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (hall, by themselves or others for their behoof, pay in the duty with which they are charged, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, for the half year betwixt ivhitfunday and martinmas day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and Trhitfunday. 

the surveyors under aft a6 Geo, a. to give the laid notices. 

CAP. 

v ooqle 

X 77^-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C jr. 53 

CAP. XXXI 

Jfn aft for enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal highnesses the princes Frederick bishop of Ofnabqrgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of sixty thoufandpounds per annum; and also to settle on their royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte au gufta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on bis hignefs prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and on her bighnefs the princess Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum. 

Mod gracious Sovereign, 

WHEREAS your Majesty hath been pleased to recommend to Preamble. 

the confederation of your faithful commons, that a competent provision Should be made for your majejly*s six younger fons, and also ^ your Majesty's daughter s, to take effect after the demise of your Majesty, [whom God long preserve) and also for thefon and daughter f y°ur Majesty s dearly beloved brother the duke of Gloucester, to take effect after the decease of the said duke of Gloucester: and whereas by an act, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty £$ueen Anne, entitled, An act for the better support of her Recital of majesty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, 1 Ann. ft *• the end that the Imd revenues of the crown might be spreferved, c‘ 7* improved, and increased, to the bejl advantage thereof it was among other things enacted and declared, That all and every grants lease, or other ajfurance, which, from and after the twenty fifth diy of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, Should be made or granted, in manner therein mentioned, of any the manors, mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein specified, other than such grants, leaf's, and dffurances, as are therein excepted, Should be utterly void and of no effect; and by another aft, made in the ninth year of her said M jefiy's reign, entitled, An adl for cftablilhing a gene 9 Ann. C 10. ral port office for all her majesty’s dominions; and for fettling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof, for the service of the war, and other her majesty’s occasions; to the intent that the inheritance of such part of the duties and revenues arifeng in and by the general let ter office or pojl office which was thereby vejled in her said late Majesty, her heirs and Juccejfo, undeterminable, as therein mentioned, might be preserved in the crown for the future benefit thereof it was (among other things) enacted and declared, That the same, or any part thereof Should not be alienable, changeable, or grantable by, her Majesty, her heirs or Jucceffors, for any ejlate, term, or time whatsoever, to endure longer than the life of her Majesty, or of such King or §)ueen as Should make such alienatum, charge, or grant re fptftively} and that all gifts, grants, alienations, or ajfurances whatsoever, to be bad or made of, or charged upon, the same duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provifeons of ekat a ft, Should 

E 3 be 

l.ooqle 

and 5 Geo. j. C *5. 

54 Anno decimo octavo Georgii HI. c.31. f 1778. 

be null and void: and whereas by an act, made in'the firjl year of 1 Geo. 3. C 1. yftur Majesty s reign, entitled. An act for the support of his ma jefty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the duties and revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together ifeth several temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, on 

the twenty fourth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, Jlood fettled or appointed to go and be paid towards the support of the houjhold of his late majesty King George the Second, of bleffei memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, and certain other Jmall branches 'of your Majesty's revenues therein also exprejfed, (except as therein excepted,) were, during your Majesty's life, carried to and made part of the general or aggregate fund, ejlablifbed by an att made in the firjl year of the reign of bis late majejty King George the Firjl: and whereas by another afi, made in the fifth year of your Majesty s reign, entitled, An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an ad made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other ads relating to the revenue of the polt office; it was enatled% That all the moneys arising by the rates therein before mentioned (except as is therein excepted) fhouldbe appropriated and applied to such and the same uses to which the then rates of pofiage were refpehively by law appropriated and made applicable: now We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons ofg rcat Britan, in parliament ajjembled, having taken into confederation the present Jlate of your royal family, more numerous in its branches than these kingdoms have had the happiness offering in any former reign; and thinking it highly just and reafenable that your Majesty Should be enabled to make provision for their honourable support and maintenance; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au....... 

....... ^ of the same. That it (hall and tnay be lawful to and for 

empowered' to the king’s most excellent majesty, by any letters patent, or by settle on his several letters patents, under the great leal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto their royal highnesses prince Frederick bishop of Ofnaburgh, prince william Henry, prince Edward, prince Erne ft Augustus, prince Augufius Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and to the survivors and survivor of them, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty (hall think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their said royal highnesses, and the life of the survivor of them in trust for their (aid royal highnesses, and the survivors or survivor of them, one annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the film of sixty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain by the year, to commence and take eflfedl from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say,) The fifth day of January, the fifth day or April, the ' f C h 

Fit Majesty 

iix younger fonsan annuity of 6o, oool. per annum, to Commence from the Henie of his Majesty 

1778.] Anno dedmo odtvo Georgii III C 31. 5# 

fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October; that first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which (hall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that such an and to Be nuity, or yearly sum of money as aforesaid, (hall or may, by such cbarg«l upon letter patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and (hall hereditary accordingly issue and be payable out oftand be charged and charge duties which, able upon, all or any part or parts'bf such of the hereditary du by 1 Geo. 3. C ties, revenues, and branches, as were by the said at, made in were made the first year of his present majesty’s reign entitled. An act for aggregate the support of his Majesty s houjeholi, and of the honour and dignity fund, etc. of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part of, the (aid general or aggregate fund, and (hall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said at, made in the fifth year pf the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge several provisions in an act mqde in the ninth year 1 

of the reign of $>ueen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poji officey as (hall then belong to, and be pan of the hereditary revenues of the crown. 

II Provided always. That nothing in this adfor in the let No one of the 

ters patent to be made in pursuance thereof, contained, or to be P™®*1 contained, ' (hall extend, or be conftruea to extend, to give and annoity7ban grant a greater annuity or yearly sum jhan fifteen thousand 15, 0001, a pounds by the year, to any one of the said princes. year. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, m, Majesty 

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the king’s moil ex empowered to cellent majesty, by any letters patent, or by several letters patents, f«tle n under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to hu^ughiers give and grant to their royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augusta a, \ annaity of Matilda, princess Augusta Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess 30, 0001. per Merry, and princess Sophia, and to the survivors and survivor pf annum, to them, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty (hall ^^tehnccjc. think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their hic" 

heirs, during the lives of their said royal highnesses, and the life Majesty 

of the survivor of them, in trust for their said royal highnesses, 

or the survivors or survivor of them, one other annuity or yearly 

sum of money, not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand pounds * 

of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and 

take effefl from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom 

God long preserve)) to be paid and payable, by even and 

equal portions, on the four mod usual days of payment in the 

year; (that is to say) The fifth day of January the fifth day .of 

Aprils the fifth day of July and the tenth day of October \ 

first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which 

(hall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that and to bt 

such last mentioned annuity or yearly sum of money (hall of charged ontht 

may, by such letters patient as aforesaid, be given and granted to dulie! ave 

issue, and (hall accordingly issue and he payable out of, and be mfntl0iltd# 

charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of such of 

the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were by the 

said a, made in the first year of his present majesty’s reign, in 

E 4. ' tituled. 

Regulations for dividing the said annuity upon the marriage Or death ot any of the piinceffes. 

flis Majesty i in powered settle an an putty of $>000 1. per 

Anno decimo octavo Gborgii III c.31. [1778. 

tituled, An act sir the support of his Majeftfs household, and of thi honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part ot, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of portage, granted by the said acrt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to alter certain rates of pojlage \ and to amende explain, and enlarge, several proviftons in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of §)ueen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojl office, as (hall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown. 

IV Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon the death of any of their said royal highnesses the princesses, or upon the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion on or in consideration of such marriage, not Jess than forty thousand pounds sterling, the right, titje, (hare, and interest, of such princess fo dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly rent or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, (hall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity (hall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princesses, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, (hare, and interest, of such other princess fo dying, or beipg married, in or to the said 1 annuity of thirty thousand pounds, (hall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity (hall from thenceforth accrue and remain tp the three other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princesses, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, (hare and interest, of such other princess fo dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, (hall cease and determine, and two third parts of the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, amounting to twenty thousand pounds per annum and no more, (hall accrue and belong to (he other two princesses then unmarried;; upon the death or marriage of either of the said two last mentioned princesses, and payment of a portion, not less than forty thoufapd pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such princess, of, in, and to the said annuity of twenty thousand pounds, (hall cease and determine, and the other of the said princeflfcs then living, (hall be entitled tp twelve thousand pounds per annum part of the said rent or annuity of twenty thousand pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her death or marriage, and the paypient of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in confederation of such marriage. 

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the king’s mod t0 excellent majesty, by any letters patentor by several letters patents, under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and gr^nt unto his highness pinctwilliam Frederick, the 

v^»ooqle 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 31? 57 

fon of his said royal highness the duke of Gloucejier, or to such annum, on other person or persons as his Majefiy (ball think fit to be named ^cdci^k^co1 in such letters patent, ard his or their heirs, during the life pf commence him the laid prince fvilliam Frederick, in trust for him the said from the de prince William Frederick, one other annuity or yearly sum ofceafc oftbe money, not exceeding the sum of eight thousand pounds of law duke of giou full money of Great Britain by the year, for and during his na CC cr • tural life, to commence and take effect from the day of the decease of his said royal highness the dukeof Gloucejier, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four mod usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of october; the fird payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which shall next happen after the decease of the said duke of Gloucejier; and that such lad mentioned annuity on 

or yearly sum (hall or may, by such letters patent as aforesaid, thc aggregate be given and granted, during the continuance of the said ak, fund, made in the fird year of his present majesty’s reign, and of another at, made in the seventeenth year of his present majedy’s reign, jor the support of his Majesty's boufebold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, to issue, and (hall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly rents or sums by the said as du reded to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon; the duties and revenues composing the said fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the support of his majesty’s household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the and the here expiration of the said ads, the same shall or may be given and ditary duties, granted, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to issue, and shall mentioned, * accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of such of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said a<51, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majefiy, entitled, An atl to alter certain rates of postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an a61 made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pft office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenue of the crown, 

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore .Hil Majesty said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the king’s most fete aan 10 excellent majefiy, by such letters patent, or by several letters nuity of patents, under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be 4, 0001. per made, to give and grant unto her highness princess Sophia Ma annum, cn the tilda, the daughter of his said royal highness the duke of Gloucester, or to such other person or persons as his Majefiy shall commence think fit, to be named in such letters patent, and his or their from the de heirs, during the Jife of her the fait) princefe Sophia Matilda, in Sou 

rust cefteri ° “* 

§9 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 31. [177?. 

trust for her the said princefc Sophia Matilda, one other annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain' by the year, for and during her natural life, to commence and take effect from the day ot the decease of his (aid royal highness the duke of Gloucester, and tube paid and payable, by even and equal portions, at the four mod usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which (haill next happen after the de and to be cease of the said duke of gloucefter\tand that such lad mentioned the^cd n annuity or yearly fiup (hall or may, by such letters patent, be 

* g*vcn and granted, during the continuance of the said afts, made the liftmen nie and seventeenth years of his present majedy’s reign, noned an for the support of bis Mayfly's household, and of the honour and dig puity. n\ty of the crown of Great Britain, to issue, and be payable out of, 

and charged and chargeable upon, the several yearly rents or sums, by the said ads directed to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the duties and revenues compogng the said fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the support of his majedy’s household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the expiration of the (aid afts, the same (hall or may be given and granted, by such letters patent as aforesaid, to iitue, and shall accordingly iitue and be payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, all or, any part or parts of such of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such part of the rates of postage granted by the said aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amende explain, and enlarge, several proviftons in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of sun Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojt office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary re venues of the crown. mobftru^°the VII prov>ded always. That nothing in this aft contained, or payment of * be contained in such letters patent as aforesaid, shall extend any sums to hinder or obstruct the payments of any moneys, by any for 

heretofofe mcr aft or afts of parliament now in force, charged upon the said 

ffid^utiesduties, and revenues, or any of them, or the application ai u CS' thereof to the respective uses intended by such former afts concerning the same, anything herein contained to the contrary potwithftanding. 

te^aid^'tb VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, out^fce, af * such of the said annuities or yearly sums respectively, which the exche*. by virtue, of this aft, and such letters patent as aforesaid, (hall or 

quer, or by may take place and effect during the continuance of the said aft, 

the commis maje fn the first; year of his present maiefty’s reign, entitled, the revenues An bhe support of his Mayfly's household, and of the honour 

on which they and dignity of the crown of Groat Britain, shall, during the conti are charged; nuan.ee 

59 

17^8.] Anno derimo octavo Georgii III C 3 f. 

nuance thereof, be paid and payable at the receipt of his ma jefty’s exchequer; and, from and immediately after the expiration thereof, all the said annuities or yearly sums abovementioned to be given and granted by virtue of this a (hall be paid and payable either at the said receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of the said revenues respectively, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts theredf, (hall be charged by virtue of this alt, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the ac ^ipti'of^heir quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal royal high highnesses prince Frederick bi(hop of Ofnabsargb, prince Willtam ndfcs the jhenry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Augustus, prince Augscflusprince* and' Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and of their said royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augufla Matilda, princefi augufla|£*nt Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, charges for and of their highnesses prince William Frederick, and princess the lame. Sophia Mdtilda, refpe&ivdy, or the survivors or survivor of them, or of such of them as (hall be inthled to receive any such annuity or yearly sum, or any part thereof or of any perfotr or persons authorised by them, or any of them tefpedhvely, to receive the same, (hall be a good and sufficient di (charge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said re Annuities to fpe&ive annuities or yearly sums, and every part thereof, (hallbc ttx*ffcc* be free and dear from all taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatsoever: and that if the officer of the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, or the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the said duties exchequer, or revenues, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or etc. (hail neg any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged as aforesaid, (hall re,, l?wtoe fuse dr neglect to pay the same, upon demand to be made for that purpoie, or any part thereof, according to the true intent <*. t^\r fecii. of this a, and of such letters, patent or letters patents, to be rities, may be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid, then their said royal high,, thc nefles prince Frederick bishop of Ofnaburgh, prince William hen ry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Augustus, prince Augustus Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and their said royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augufla Matilda, princess Augufla Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, and their highnesses prince Wiliam Frederick, and princess Sophia Matilda, or the survivors or survivor of them, or such of them as (hall be entitled to receive the said annuities, or any of them, of any 'part thereof, or such their trustees refpe&ivejy, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, commifiion ers, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their securities, their heirs, executors, and admlniftrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and (hall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against (tick officers, commissioners, farmers treasurers, or receivers retpc&vely, and 

their 

4 

6o, 

Proviso relating to the payment of the annuities. 

All the power, directions, etc. to be contained in his majesty’i letters patent to be made in pursuance of - this at, shall be effc&aal in law, notwithstanding any rettridtion* contained in any of the before recited acts, etc. 

Anno decimo octavo Gboroii III C 31. [177#* 

their respective securities, their heirs, executors, of adminiftraf tors, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said several and respective annuities, or any part thereof, as (hall have been in the hands of such officers, commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, respectively, at the time and times when such demand (hall be made of the payment of the said several and respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, as aforesaid. 

IX Provided always. That if any of tfie said respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, (hall cease to be chargeable upon, and payable out of, the said general or aggregate fund, or any part thereof, and (hall become chargeable upon, and payable out of, all or any of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, between any two of the said quarterly days of payment then, and in such cafe, such annuities respectively (hall, at the next quarter day, be payable, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of the said general or aggregate fund, and out of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, in proportion to the times during which the same were, in the course of such quarter, fo chargeable and payable, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and clauses, to be contained in his majesty’s letters patent hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain payment and alturance of the said several annuities or yearly sums, and for making the said respective revenues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, (hall be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the said letters patent or letters patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in the said recited adt, made in the first year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for the bet ter support of her Majestys houfebold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; and notwithstanding any reltridtiqn or other matter or thing contained in the said adt, made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for eftoblijhing a general pojl office for all her Majestyi dominions, and for fettling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majeflfs octafions\ and notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in the said adt, made in the first year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An aftfor thefupport of his Majestys hcufehold, aud of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thine contained in the said adt, made in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act to alter certain rates of pojlage; and to amende explain, and enlarge, jeveral provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojl office; and notwithstanding any other actor acts of parliament, or any raifrccital, nonrecital, omission, or Qthcr defect, in 

the 

6i 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 32 — 36. 

the said letters patent or letters patents, hereafter to be made by virtue of this aft. 

XI Saving to all and every person and perfohs, bodies poli Oencral far tick and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and, ng* alligns, (other than the king’s majesty, his heirs and successors),), such right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this aft had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXXII 

An act for further continuing so much of certain duties as have by several afts of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the said haibour of Rye, in the county of sufitex. 

CAP. XXXIII 

An act for the better preservation of fish, and regulating the fiiberies, in the rivers Severn and Verniew. 

Preamble. Recital of aft i Eliz. and 30 Car. a. Put fisheries described. 

Reitnftions contained in aft 30 Car. 2. injurious. So much of afts 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. 2. as relate to length of nets and (ize of meihes, below the bridge, etc. repealed. Regulations relating to the time of fishing, the fie of the meihes, etc. Penalty on persons offending against the said regulations. Penalties may be levied by distress. On failure of diffrefs, party to be committed. On information on oath that improper nets, etc. are suspected to be used. search warrants may be granted. Penalty on persons causing obstructions in filling draughts by anchoring of vessels. Improper nets found fixed acrof* the rivers may be destroyed. Justices may grant warrants to search for illegal nets. Angling allowed on certain conditions. Proviso. Clause for preventing fiffung in the nighttime, and for othertarays preserving the fi(h. Stakes to be fixed in the river, to preserve the fry and breed of fish. Limitation of actions, etc. How justices to proceed tor conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. The penalty inffifted by aft 1 Geo. 1. for catching fish under size, may be mitigated. 

Proviso. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Tnit aft not to affect any ancient put filhries, except as aforesaid. Beginning and ending of the Lord's day. Proviso. This aft not to extend to (hrimp lieu. Public aft. 

CAP. XXXIV 

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the foake of Bolingbrooke and wapentake of Candlelhoe, in the parts of londfey, in the county of Lincoln, 

CAP. XXXV 

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred, of Stow, in the county of Suffolk. 

CAP. XXXVI 

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within thq 

lile of Ely, in the'tounty of Cambridge, -; 

CAP. 

Anno deciruo octavo Georgii III q. 37. [1778. 

CAP. XXXVII 

An all for paving parts of the footpaths on the (ides of the great road called Whitechapel Road, ia the county of Middlesex;; also tin? ftveral streets, lanes, roads, and passages, opening into the lame; and for preventing obftru&ious, nuisances, and annoyances therein, ana near thereto. 

Preamble. Karnes of com mi (lion ers. On death, etc. of commiffionert* others to be chosen Ten days notice to be given of such election. Qualification of commissioners. Penalty on ailing it not qualified. Wnat number of commissioners may all. Time and place of commissioners first meeting. They may adjourn; or in default thereof, the clerk may appoint a meeting, C If clerk negtell, etc. two commissioners may do ito 

three days notice. No commifiioner to hold any place of profit. 

iffioners to appoint officers, and allow them salaries, etc. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account, and pay the balance, etc. In default thereof an allion maybe brought; or justice, on complaint, may grant a warrant of distress. On failure of distress, etc. the offender may be committed. Proviso. On death or insolvency of officers, executors, etc. to pay the balance in preference of any other creditor; and may 

vein evidence such payment. On negleh of executors, etc com mi f •ners may bring an allion against them. Officers who (hall take any reward other than their salaries, or be interefied in any bargain made by the commissioners, are disqualified and (hall forfeit 50i. Commissioners empowered to pave: to raifl or (ink the ground 1 to take up and remove water pipes, etc. to remove proje&ons, and to make Contrails. Penalty on breach of contrail, how recoverable, C Commissioners may alter the position of lamp irons. Commissioners may sell the old materials, and apply the money, etc. Persons intermeddling with the pavement, or ob itrulling workmen, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials veiled in the commissioners, C Pavement may be taken up for amending water pipes, etc. Notice, within 6 hours after finishing thereof, to bo given to the commissioners paviour, who (hall repair the same in a days. Contrails for paving pipe trenches, to be advertised. Chaiges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by persons occasioning the damage s how to be recovered. Paviours, etc. to water companies to give notice to the commissioners clerk of their names and places of abode, on forfeiture of 40 s. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Private drains, etc. to be repaired by the commissioners at the expense of the proprietors, when neglehed by them after notice: which expense is to be proportioned by the commissioners. How the said charges may be recovered. Commissioners of (ewers to be summoned when any repairs of sewers, etc. are wanted. Penalty on laying dirt, etc. in the paths. Goods and carriages obftrulling the passage may be seized, and if not claimed, etc. in % days, may be sold. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, etc. over the foot pavement. Hoards may be erelled with leave. Penalty on erehing them without leave. Foot pavements to be swept everyday (Sundays excepted). Hottfes to be numbered, etc. Signs, etc. to be regulated. projehions to be removed. Penalty on caufiug annoyances by (igns, gutters, etc. Commissioners empowered to make rates, not exceeding nine pence in the pound. Rates to be paid by occupiers: one third whereof (hall be allowed by landlords. Houles, etc. unoccupied, to pay only one third of the rate. When a house is occupied by two or more tenants, the tenant paying the rates todedull the whole out of his rent. Rates to be signed by two justices. On refit(al to pay the rates, they may be levied by diftrels: on failure whereof, tne party to be committed. All the persons in arrear may be comprised in one warrant or schedule thereto. Places of wohhip, void spaces of ground, etc. may be rated. By whom such rates (hall be paid. Rates may be recovered by allion. Vacant ground to be fenced in at the expense of the occupiers, etc. Occupiers quitting without paying rates, may be followed, etc In cafe of ©olle&ors becoming insolvent, etc. the deiiciency to be again .tt fled. 

1778.} Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 38, 39, 63 

Commifiioners nifty borrow 3, 000 1. at interest, or raise it by sale of an nosiest no one annoity to exceed tool. Oommiffioner* order to entitle the contributor to the payment of hit interest and annuity t which (hall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed indefeasible eft ate: but not liable to the land tax. Annuities, etc. may be assigned totus quoties. AU fignments to be entered. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. 

Moneys may be raised by sale of other annuities in the place of thole that have ceased, for the payment of the interest money. Expenses of palling this aft to be first paid. Certain parts of the pavement to be done by the parish surveyors: but if they neglect, the commiltioners are to do it. 

CL a use to empower the commissioners to pave the footways of any adjoining street, etc. in cafe two thirds of the inhabitants (hall reaueft it. The accounts for paving such street, etc. to be kept separate. Penalties may be mitigated. How tar they may be mitigated. Commissioners who are ^uftices may aft as such; and administer oaths. Actions may be instituted in the name of the treasurer. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions, whose determination (hall be final. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. commiltioners may reward informers. Dili refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends bath been made. Writings to be without * ft amps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be qualbed for wane of form, nor removed by Certiorari, Limitation of actions. General iitue. Treble costs. Publics: aft. 

CAP. XXXVIII 

An act for railing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seven ty eight. 

CAP. XXXIX 

Art aft to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regijler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thrfc purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities corporationsy and borough townsy whose admissions have been omitted to be )lamped according to lawy or, having been Jlampedy have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admifiions duly Jlamped\ and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and folic iters. 

TIF H E R E A S diverse persons, whoy on account of their officesy Preamble. 

- Y V placesy employment$y or ptofeffionsy or any other cause or occa fton, ought to have taken and fubferibed the oathsy or the afiurance respectively, appointed to be by such persons taken and fubferibed, in and Persons who by an act made in the first year of the reign of bis late majesty King °^lttcd George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled. An act for the themselves "further security of his majesty’s person and government, and the agreeable to fuccelfion of rhe crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, a 1 Geo. i. being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;) or to have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for ^ ^ ar. *. well governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified 

cjooqie 

6* 

Ait 15 Car. i. 

Ail 30 Car. a. 

Ail 8 Geo. 1. 

Ail 9 Geo. a. 

Ail 18 geo.t. 

and ail 6 Geo. 4- 

before the pafcng of this 

Anno decimooftavo Georgu III 0.39. [177 S. 

frit hemfelves according to another aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An ail for preventing the clangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the faefament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration against tranfubftanriation therein mentioned;) or according to another aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An ail for the more effeilual preserving the king’s person and government, by disabling papists from fittlhg in either house of parliament j) or according to another aft, made m the eighth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Firjl, (entitled, An ail for granting the people called Quakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late maje/ly King George the Second, (entitled, An ail for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending (b much of an ail, parted in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration against transubstantiation and for allowing a further time for inrol ment of deeds and wills made by papists;; for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees)) according to another aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An ail to amend and render more effeilual an ail, parted in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for the further qualification ofjujlices of the peace \) or according to another aft, made in the fixthyearof the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An ail for altering the oath of. abjuration, and the arturance; and for amending so much of an ail, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indiiled of high treason, or misprision of treason)) through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the said oaths and ajfurance, and make and fubferibe the declaration required by law, or other wise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said afts refpeftivdy, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such omtjjions; be it enailed by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament artembled, and by the authority of the same. That all and every person or persons, who, at or before the parting of this 

al, 

1778.3 Anno decima octavo Georgii iii.vg. 39- ^5 

adfc, hath or (hall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths? and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord’s supper, or other wise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, andin such manner, aid and by the said ab, or any of them, or by any othjr ad of parliament in that behalf made, is « 

required j and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaking any piofertion or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the parting of this ad, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oatfis, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the faerament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, or who, - on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one rh'oufand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and who finu* declarations, and assurance respectively, in such cafes wherein by n or f*f°re law the said oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have qjalify’thern i been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in reives/ such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said adt, made in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King jgeorge the First, or by any other a6fc or atfs of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and a(fo hath or have received, ot (hall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, receive the sacrament kos the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in such cafes wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or (hall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, make and subscribe the said declaration against tranfubftamiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or (hall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said statuto made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cafes wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said suft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cafes wherein tjic said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed, (hall be, and are Hereby indemnified, (hall see freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, indeninh^d incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by fr 

reason of any.negleft or omiftion previous to the parting of this tcltur€s* aft, of taking or lubfcribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or fubferibing the said declarations, pr taking or fubferibing the said oath, according to the abovementioned atfts, or any f them, or any other aft or adtsj and such person and persons is and are, and (hall be, fully and aflually recspacitatcd and restored to the same state and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the abovementioned as, and every Vol. XXXII F of 

A 

6$ Anno dcdjpo octavo georgii IIL C 39. [1778. * 

of them: and that all elections of, and ads done, or to be done, by any fucb person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if such person or person? respectively had taken the said oath or affiirance, and received the sacrament of the lord’s Topper, and made and fub • foribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said ads, and every or any of them; and, that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and affiirance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and fubfcr.bed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several ads before mentioned. 

Not toindem II Provided always. That this ad, or anything herein con nify any pertained, (hall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify f” naur tncur any per^on against whom final judgement (ball have been given, redbyveg. * ir any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his letting n>qua majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having lity himfelr. neglcded to qualify himself within the time limited by law. 

III And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other public officers, and the admiffons of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the » entries of such admiffons in ^ the court booksy roils y or records, offucb cities, corporations, and borough townsy which by several ails of parliament art direfled and requited to be ftampedy may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid; Persons probe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the indent of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or 

arxidm?ffions entries of whole admissions as aforesaid may not have been betovepec.15. provided,, or not duly (lamped, or where the same hove been *77*» lost or mislaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such persans, 

on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy eight, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly (lamped: or, in cafe where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly (lamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly (lamped; which such commissioners are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of adthiffions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture (hall be con thereon; and such persons fo providing appointments, admis to ®qns» ^ cntr*cs f admissions, as aforesaid, duly damped, or att as clerk, procuring the same to be duly (lamped, in manner aforesaid, are officer, or *' and (hall be .hereby confirmed and qualified to a as clerk of 

the 

177^-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii I FI. C 39. 67 

the peace, town clerk, or other public officer, or member or member of members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and^j>crporatio “, # borough towns refpc&ivcly, to ali intents and purposes, and (hall my enjoy ^ and may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other office into office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, which they notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of hja]£kfca their predeceftors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, £aj| ^ as aforesaid j and (hall be indemnified and discharged of and indemnified from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da from ail penal mages, by reason of any such omission; and none of his or their t'esanddama acts (hall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same. byveafonof 

IV Provided always. That this a, or anything herein con omission. rained, shall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to restore or entitle any person or persons to any office of employment, bene not *? exten(* fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by anycf~ judgement of any of his majesty’s courts of record, or already 0fficc avoided legally filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but that such by judgement office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally fi ted up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or (hall, at the passing of this adt, be legally entitled to the same, as if this a had never been made. 

V And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be madey and afterwards to be pled in the proper office y of the a final execution of several contrafis in writing entered into by them to serve as tlerks to attorneys or folicitorsy within the time in which the same ought to have been done, and many infants and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof \ ant relieving such personsy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every per person whd fon who, at the passing of this adt, (hall have neglected or omitted .cause to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made 

and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Michaelmas 

term, one thousand seven hundred and feventyreight, (hall cause term 17784 

one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to 

be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made 

and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, are indernni 

and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, inca charged from 

pacifies, and disabilities, in or by any or ads of parliament, penalties 

mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of 

stich neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits 

foto be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the said 

first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and 

seventy eight, (hall be aseffie&ual, to all intents and purposes, as 

if the lame had been made and filed within the respective times 

the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to 

have been made and filed. 

VI And be it further enatfted, That in cafe any action, fuit, Persons prose hill of indictment, or information, (hall, from and after the paf cuted and fing of this aft be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against tor^ndemfr any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be ixidemni nified, may feed, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfei plead’the ge 

Fa 

^ooqle 

A 

68 Anno decimo octavo Gborgii 111. C 40. [1778. 

turc, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or to be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or persons may pleaa the general ifliie, and, upon their defence, give this aft, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon. 

CAP. XL 

An act to repeal such part of an act, made in the lajl fifficn of par liament, as relates to the manner of difeharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to extend such part of the same aft, as obliges the majler of Bririfh or Irish hips, sailing from any of his Majefiy's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifejl of their cargoes to the British consul ref ding there, to the like vessels sailing into Denmark, Norway, W Archangel. 

Preamble. TTIT HEREAS by an act made in the lap feffton of parliament, j70eo.3.c, t. VV (entitled, An act to prevent the clamleftine unfhipping recited, * from and receiving goods at sea on board vessels employed in the Baste India company’s service; for afeertaining the manner of difeharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters, of British or lrijh ships, sailing from any of his majesty’s dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifesto of their cargoes to, the British consul residing there), it is omorgjl other things enact edy That no bond; given in pur fiance of any aft or afts of parliament, for the due and regular exportation of any goods, which arc or may be prohibited to be worn, or used, in Great Britain, or which are or may be entitled to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of ' any money arising by the revenue of cujlcms, upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, Jbeil be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until certificates Shall be produced of the exportation to, and landing such goods at, the ports and places mentioned in such bond, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in such manner and form as in the said recited aft is directed: and whereas it has been found very prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom, and in many cafes impracticable for the exporters of such goods to obtain the certificates, and make the proof, in the manner required by the said aft; for remedy 'whereof, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirituaj and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this aft, such part of the said recited aft, as requires certificates to be produced, and proof to be made, for the discharge of any bonds entered into in this kingdom, for the due exportation of the goods therein mentioned to any foreign parts, (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ftotyi and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, such part of the said recited 

and in part, repealed. 

Part of the said at relating to the port in the 

cjooqle 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 41, 42. 69 

cited aft, as requires the master, commander, or other person Baltic, exhaving the charge of any British or Irish (hip or vefle], failing |5ndcd from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his majehy’s L enmar »ctc< dominions, to any port or place in the Baltic to deliver to the British consul residing there, or to such other person or persons as (hall be appointed for that purpose by him, a true manifest, in writing, upon oath, specifying the particulars of the whole cargo of (uch (hip or vessel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the same, (hall extend, and be construed to extend, to such British or Irish (hips or vessels, as (hall sail from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his majesty’s dominions, to any of the ports of Denmark, Norway, and Archangel in the same manner, and under the same restrictions, in all respects, as is and are directed and required by the said recited aft, with regard to such vessels sailing to any port or place in the Baltic 

CAP. XLI 

An act for uniting the free grammar fenool of James king of England, within the town of Henley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with tne charity (chool founded in the same town by dame Elizabeth Periara, widow i and for the better regulation and management of the said endowments. 

Preamble, reciting letters patent of King James I. and the wim of William Gravett. Dame Elizabeth Periam's foundation of a charity school. 

The present annual income of the two schools. Present governors of the free grammar school { of dame Elizabeth periam’s. Inconvrniencies attending the prefer eltabliftiment. The two charities consolidated, and united together. The title thereof, The governors of both schools united together as trustees for^he new eftabliihment} who are to be a body corporate : their .name and powers. Estates and effects of both schools veiled in the trustees: who are empowered to difpo'e of the same for the purposes of this aft. Expenses of this aft to be firtt paid. To promote and facilitate the (ale ana exchange of the effaces, purchalers are / to hold the lands, drtchargtd from ail uses, trutts, etc. Trustees authorised to grant building or repairing lea'es for lopg terms of years, without taking fines, etc. Matters, ushers, and aflittanrs, to be appointed by the trustees $ are to allow them salaries Trustees to direst how many boys Shall be admitted, etc. and may make bylaws j to be allowed by the bishop of Oxford. Trustees, on doubts in the conttruftion of any rule or bye law, etc. may apply in a summary way to the court of chancery. Surplus money to be placed out at interest. Power to dispose of the surplus money. When trustees die, or refute to aft, new ones to be chosen. Each truttee (hall be accountable only for his own aft and deed. 

Truitces to reimburse themselves their'expences in executing this aftl Public aft. General saving. 

CAP. XLII 

- An act to enable the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a lighthouse on the rocks called The Smalls* in Saint George's Channel. 

, Preamble. Aft 8 Eliz. recited. Letters patent of 36 Eliz. recited. After alight (hall be placed in a light house on one of the rocks called The Smalls, duties may be collected by the matter, etc. of Trinity House. The duties. Duties to be paid by the matters of vessels. All cuttorqers, etc. to take cate that these duties are paid. Exemptions from the duties The 

F 3 grant 

<^.ooqle 

7o Anno, decirho o&zvogeoxoll III c.43 — 45. [1778. 

grant of the rocks to Mr. Philips, by letters patent, declared void. The rocks vetted in the corporation of Trinity House, (ubjc& to a yearly rent of 5i. payable to his Majttty. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public ad. ' 

CAP. XLIII 

An a ft to repeat an ad, patted in the last session of parliament, for the recovery of (mall debts, within the several parhhes of Surfleet, Gofberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swinefhead, Wigtofr, Surterton, algar lurke, Foidike, Kir tonne, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the hunt! of Kirton, and county of Lincoln 

CAP. XLIV 

An act for building a ttone bridge across the river Tyne, oppottte the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same. 

CAP. XLV 

An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation ofbriufa made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry fugats of the growth, produce, or manufacture % oj any of his Ma jtfly's Jugar colonies, directly to foreign parts, in hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further puni/bment of persons going armed or dtfguifed, in defiance of the laws of cufioms or txcife; to the prohibiting the importation of light fiver coin of this realm ftom foreign countries into Great Britain dr Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certainfum} to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of/hips and vejfels from Dover, Deal, and Ifle of Thanetj and to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present mo/ejly's retgnl os relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefys Jugar colonies in America. 

X H ER E A S, the laws herein after mentioned bave by ex Preamble. V V perienc*, been found ufefut and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by ancj with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commbdt, id this present parliament assembled, and by the Ad 4 Geo. *. authority of the same. That an ad, made in the fourth year of for panting the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, an allowance An act for granting an allowance upon the exportation of british tfw* of &mp0wd*r'>) which was to continue in force for five years, fron> 

madegun x^e twenty-fourth day of June onethoufand fevenhundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, bv several subsequent ads, made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty <irft years of his faidmajefty’s reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twemy mimh 

■ ‘ ' 'v- 

-- -- ** 

1778.] Anno dechno oftavo'geoft6iriii. c.45. 71 

day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, 

and from thence to rhe end of the then next session of parlia further conti 

ment, (hall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from nued till Sept. 

the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, a etc 

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to 

the end of the then next session of parliament. 

IL And be it further eriafted by the authority aforesaid, That aftjgeo. ». an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majdty forencourag king George the Second, (entitled. An a ft for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of brirffh sail cloth and sir the snore British sail rffiftual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported cloth, into this kingdom J which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by Several subsequent afts, made in rhe thirteenth, twenty fourrh, and thirty tirft years of his said majesty’s reign, and the fourth amd twelfth years of his present majesty’s reign, was further Continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be, and the same is hereby further conjti furrher continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty nued till Sept, ninth day of September, one rhoufand seven hundred and eighty *9» l7*s> ctc» five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 

III And be It farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Aft i*gco. *. an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty granting a King George the Second, (entitled, An act for granting a liberty bberrtyutoarg to carry fugarsi of the growth, produce, or manujafturti of any of from the sugar his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly colonies too to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated ac reign parts, cording to law,) which was to continue in force for five years, 

from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent afts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first years of his said majesty’s reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present majesty’s reign, w further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be, and the same is hereby further farther conti continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth nued till Sept, day ol September 1 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, *9*17851 elc* and from thence to the end of. the then next session of parliament. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority afoifefaid, That pin of ait aft so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of 19 Geo. «. for his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for panhhingper the further pvnifbmtnt of per tonnes going armed or disguised in defiance armc?or^if f the laws of cujioms or excije% and for indemnifying offenders against guifed, inde those laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for the relief ^fianceotcxcjfe 

F 4 officers 

.light fiwer coin, etc, 

72 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 45. ^1778. 

officers of the customs in informations upon seizures)) relates to the ' further punishment of persons going armed or difgtiifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or cxcife, and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, which was to * continue in’force for seven years, from the twenty-fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from \ thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and 

which, by several subsequent afts, of the twenty sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to further conti the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be, and the jiued till Sept same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, *6, 1785, etc. until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 

Aft ugeo 1. ^ And be lt furlber enacted by the authority aforesaid. That 

to prohibits he an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present importation of Majesty, (entitled. An act to prohibit the importation of light filvtr 1 ^ coin*of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Iie 

land, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fumj which was to continue in force until the first day of Assay, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another aft, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first day of May, one thoufand^feven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the .end of the then next session ot parliament, (hall be, and the lame is hereby further continued, from the expii ation thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and fi-om thence to the end of the then next session ot parliament. 

v1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t^hit so much of an gft, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefept Majesty, (entitled. An act for allowing the clothing and accoutrements nccfjary for his Majcfly'sforces, paid out of his maje fly revenues arijing in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places cohere such forces are ordered to serve and for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) as relates to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland for a limited time, which was to continue in force for two years from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence tp the end of the then next session of parliament; and also another aft, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting a bounty upon flax seed ^ the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) which was to continue in force for two years, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be, and the same are hereby further conti............... 

............... ‘ 

fprthrr conti nued till May 1, 1783, cic. 

Part of an act 15 Geo. 3 relating to a bounty on flax seed im 

rted into reland j 

poi 

Ire 

and an act of 16 Geo. 3. granting a i milar bounty. 

further continued for two years. 

73 

1778.] Anno decimo odavo grorgii III c.45. 

nued, from the expiration thereof, for the further term of two years, and froa thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.. 

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Aft tgeo. «• That an ad, made in the third year of the reign of King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better regulating of pilots for the t, S conducting of Jbips and vessels from Dover, Deal, • and jthe Ifle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway,) which was to continue in force for seven years, from the first day of Auguflj one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and alio a clause ancj a clause in in an ad of the seventh year of his said majesty’s rsign^jorfur an a of 7 there regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet, Geo. i, which was to continue in force during the continuance of the said ad of the third year of his said majesty’s reign; which said ad, together with the said clause, were, by several fublequent ads, of the tenth year of the reign of his (aid Maiefty, and of the eighth and twenty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session ot parliament, shall! be, and the same are hereby further continued, from further conti the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one nu«d all thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the March *5* end of the then next session of parliament., 79*‘ 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Snmucbofan That so much of an ad, made in thefixteenth year of the reign Ad of 16 Geo. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for allowing the expor Jhe e^portati jation ofcertain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's on offbeat, ** sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to etc. to the lu the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of £** colonies, England trading to the East Indies, and of bijeuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advifwg or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat and other articles J as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first day of January, one {houfand seven hundred and seventy seven; which, by another ad, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was revjved and continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou iand seven hundred and seventy eight, (hall, from and after the revived; and pafling of this ad, be revived, and the same is hereby fevived, *° continue in and mall continue in full force and virtue, until the first day of ^ **** May, one thousand seven hundred aqd seventy nine. ** *779# 

/ 

CAP. 

74 

Preamble. 

A a 3 Geo. X recited. 

Deeds and trills of pa pills, etc. made since Sept. *9. 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Jan. i, *779* 

Anno decimo odfcavo Georgii III c.46. [1778. CAP. XLVI 

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papijls, and for relief of protejlant pur chasers. 

WH E R E A S by a chnife in an act of parliament, faffed in the third year of the reign of bis late majrfty King George the Fir?, entitled, An act for explaining an ad, patted in the lad fellion of parliament, entitled. An act to oblige papists to register their names and teal eft ate s; and for enlarging the time for such regrftering; and for securing purchases made by protestants; it was wafted, That, from and after tl>e twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of cur lord one thousand seven hundred and feuenteen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any inter oft therein, or rent or profit thereout, should pafs, alter, or change, from any papist, nr person professing thepopijb religion, by any deed or will, txcept jucb deed, within six months after the date, and futh will, within six months after the death of the tpkttor, should be enrolled in one of the King's courts of Yeiordat Wcwminfter, dr etftwitbhnbe same county or counties wherein the manors, lands and tenements lib, in fjucb manner as therein, for that parpofe, is particularly dirtfted: and whereas by fiyeral afts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his aid late Majefiy's reign, and in the third, finth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, six iunth, nineteenth, twenty first, twenty-eighth, thirtyfirft, and thirty third of his late majesty King George far Second; and the focond, fourth, and seventh years of hts present Mayfly's reign, it was enaftedt That every deed and will, maitfince the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufandfeven hundred •andfiventeen, in order to pafs, alters or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any in terefi therein, or any rent or profit there out, from any papist, or person f rtf effing the popish religion, to any frotejlcnt or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest wbotfoever, to his, her, cr their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any aether protejlant or protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due tme, shall be ns good and effeftuol in law as the same would have been in cofe the said deeds and wills had been tnr oiled within the times limited, by the said clauses in the aid afts, for the inrollment thereof \ provided the said deeds and with should be enrolled on or before the respective times in the said fevtral afts for that ptirpofe rtten noned, in such manner as by the said clause in the first mentioned aft is directed: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every deed and will, made since the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, m order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papist, or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III o. 47, 75 

tenants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due time, shall be as good s*nd effectual in the law as the same would have been in cafe the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the times limited, by the said clauses in the laid as, for the inrollmen* thereof 5 provided the same deeds and wills (Hall be enrolled on or before the first day of January, one thoofand seven hundred and seventy nine, in foch manner as by the laid clause in the said first mentioned aft is drafted. 

II Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall This aft not extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any fitch *?*?tendto deed, will, or Icafe, already made and not enrolled, of the want 

of inroilment whereof advantage (hall have been taken on or whereof has before the second day of June one thoofand seven hundred and been brought Seventy seven; but every such deed, will, or lease, (ball remain in question of such force and effect only, as the same would have had if this ^ef°re June *> act had never been made, and of none other force and efieft. lt 

III And whereas many purebafes made by protejiants may be in Purehafes 

danger of being impeached or coded in quejlion, m regard Ante fme made by pm deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to to 

have been enrolled according to the said afls9 bat have not heenfo enrolled; 

be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, title deeds wot 

That no purchase made for full and valuable consideration of any having been 

manors, mefltuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of enrolled, etc. 

any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely 

and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached 

or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which 

the title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as required 

by the said ads, fo as po advantage was taken of inroilment 

thereof before such purchase Was made, and fo as no decree or 

judgement hath been obtained for want of the mroumeflt of such 

deeds or wills. 

IV Provided also. That nothing herein contained (hall ex This ad not 

tend, or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, to make good or mortgage, of theodvowfon or right of presentation, collation, she r^tof* nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, ptebend, or presentation ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any avoidance to any bene thereof, made by any papist, or person profiling the popith rt fice»cftc*in ligion, in trust, directly or iodiredly, mediately or immediately, aily 

by or for any foch papist, or person professing the popish refi p 1 

gion, whether such triift hath been declared by writing or not, 

CAP. XLVII 

An act to amend fiscb part of an act, made in ikeforty third par of the reign of Sjhuern Elisabeth, intudki9 An act for the relief of the poor, as relates to the binding of par\/b apprentices. 

WH E R E A S in and by an at!, Mbit in theforty third year of preamye# the reign ofsfueen Elizabeth, entitled, An act for the rea E.’; lies of the poorest was enacted That it /bould he lawful for the iccitcd. 

church• 

76 Anno decimo octavo Georgii IIL c.48. [1778. 

churchwardens and overseers tier an mentioned, the greater part of 

them, by the assent of any two justices of the peace, to bind the children of allfucb parents who Shall not, by the said churchwardens and over. Jeers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children, to be apprentices, where they Shall Jee convenient, till fucb nan: child Shall come to the age offour and twenty years, and fucb woman child to the age of one and twenty years, or day of marriage : and whereas it has been found by experience that the said term re fpefling men children is longer than is neajfary, and that if such man child was bound to be on apprentice only till he came to the age of one and twenty years, all the benefits intended by the said alt would be preserved, the hardflnps brought on such parish apprentices, by the length of their apprenticejbip, would be avoided, and the good harmony between master and apprentice would be better maintained; may it therefore ple^fc your Majesty that it may be enatfed; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice'and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the palling of this ad, when any man child (hall be bound to be an apprentice by virtue of and under the authority of the said ad, made in the forty third year of to continue an Queen Elizabeth such child (hall be bound to be an apprentice 

No child apprenticed by virtue of the recited ad. 

apprentice after the age 

•f SI 

for no longer term than till such child (hail come to the age of twenty-one years. • 

CAP. XLVIII 

An act for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled. to raise, upon the credit Qt the furpluftes to anse out of a certain fund, commonly called the orphans fund, the sum of forty thousand pounds, towards difeharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol ot Newgate, and a sessions house adjoining, and for comp eting the laid gaol, aod building an infirmary thereto $ and other the purposes therein mentioned. 

Preamble. Recital of ads 5 and 6 Gul. & Mar. si Geos. *9 Geos. and 7 Geo. 3. On July 5, 1766, 58, 500k wanted to complete blackfriars bridge, etc. 7, 500k for embanking the Thames 30, 000k for redeeming the tolls of London bridge 50, 000!. for building Newgate and 10, 000k for repairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers granted to the corporation of London by the Ad of 7 Geo. 3. 156, 000k to be borrowed, at 3i.10s. percent, per ann. for the purposes before mentioned. 'The fund eftabllfhed by ad 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. charged with the payment of moneys thentofore borrowed, and also the said ium of 156, 000k And to render the said fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued for 46 years, etc. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the furpluftes were to be disposed of. Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective sums borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, etc.. In cafe of any deficiency in the said fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Recital of the pfogrefs made in building a new gaol, and the expense thereof. An infirmary wanted. Common councilimpowered to complete the new gaol, and to build an infirmary adjoining thereto nd for that purpose to raise 40, 000k upon the orphans fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4k 10s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. The annuities to be charged on the orphans fund. Surplufles of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption .of annuities, 

and 

177.8.] Anno decimo oftavd Georgii III C 49 — 51. 

and tender of the money, the annuities to cease;; the principal to be Bill payable. Deficiencies in payment of interest, to be supplied oat of the chamber of London. The 4.0, 000!. to be applicable only for the purposes of this aft * The surplus (if any) to be applied to increase the fund Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements. Common council empowered to appoint officers; and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give security. Penalty on officers milapplying any of the laid moneys. City answerable in cafe of any misapplication by them. Amerciaments, etc. against the city .to be applicable to the uses of this aft, and not to be difchaiged, etc. Dilburfements of the 4.0, 0001. to be included in the chamberlain’s annual account. Bonds, etc. not liable to any duty. Taislift not to aff; ft any of the pity’s present creditors pri(oners may he removed. Limitation of afttons. General issue. Treble colls. Public aft. 

CAP. XLIX 

An act for applying the fiira of one thousand pounds, to arise out of the furpluftes of a certain fund commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the purpose of opening communications between Wapping Greet and stat cl*ff highway, and between old Gravel lane and virginia ffreet, within the panfhes of Saint George and Saint Jjhn of Wapping, in the county ofmiddlefex. 

Preamble. Recital of 17 Geo. 3. C and aft 5 Sc 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay 4.5i. per annum to the treai'urer of the commissioners under the firs recited aft. Bonds to be given for securing the payment of the annuity, and delivered to the treasurer. Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arifmg by such sale. Holders of bonds may bring actions thereon. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. Orphans fund charged with the annuities. pub lick aft. 

CAP. L 

An act for applying the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to arise,, of the furpluflfes of a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans ' Fund, for the purpose of widening certain avenues leading into good mag Fields, in the county of Middlesex. 

Preamble. Aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of Losdon to pay an annuity of 671.10s. to the commissioners; and fur that purpose to iflite bonds under their common teal. Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds to be be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arising from sale thereof. Annuities to he redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Persons advancing money to pay expenses of this a, to be allowed interest for the same. Public aft. 

CAP. LI 

An act .for applying the sum of four thousand pounds, to arise out of the furpluflesof a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey. 

Preamble. Recital of aft 6 Geor 3. and aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay an annuity of 180i. to the commissioners under the firs recited aft; and for that purpose to lflue bonds under their common Teal Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds ro be numbered, and assignable by endorsement. Application of money arising from the bonds, Annu* lties to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Interest of 4i. 101. percent, to be allowed lor money advanced to pay the cxpeuces of this aft Fublick aft. 

CAP. 

r 

Preamble. 

Alphabetical l»ft* to be made out of prifo«er$ in cullody for d hr on Jan. 

»7?*» or li<ice that date. 

with the time whencbarged, and at whole fuit. 

Lists to be delivered to the 

2uartcr fef ons. 

Warden of the Fleet, etc to take an oath on delivering in lists 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii HI. C 52. f 177^

CAP. LII 

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons, by losses and other misfortunes are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, (and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea or land), yet are they detained in prison by their creditors or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper cbjefts of public companion, and, by several afts of parliament, have beeh discharged on the conditions in such afts mentioned; for the relief, therefore, of infoivent prisoners and fugitives, who Shall comply with the ter mi contained in this aft, to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully difeover upon oath and deliver up and assign all their effects and efiates wbatjoever, for the benefit of their creditors, and to prevent as far as pojfible, the many frauds and ahufes, which in a great measure, have objlrufted the good ends of such afts; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this present parliament, assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the patting of this adi, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the nangp or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, was or were, or at any time since havie been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list (hall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, foe or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, futn or Turns of money, contempt, or otherwise; and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose fuit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter section or general fefiion of the peace, to be held after the pahing of this actor at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, respectively. 

II And be it further enacted, That the warden of his majesty’s prison of the Fleet, and marihal of the King's Bench Prison (hall severally, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open court of such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the effect following * (that is to fay:) 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 52. 

[The oath.]

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inferred and contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and Jubfcribed, was and were, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, really and truly prisoners in afluol custody, in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison], at the fuit or suits of the several person or persons therein refpeflively mentioned; and also, that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the fccondpart of the fa'td life now by me delivered in and fubftribed as afore said, have, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, been com mitted or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [insert the name of the gaol or prison], at the fuit or suits of the several person or persons therein refpeflively mentioned; except such person or persons who is or are in such lijl particularly mentioned and deferibed to have died, hen difharged, dr removed to some other prison, by process of law, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and also except such person or persons who is or are in fetch I ft particularly mentioned and deferred to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prison, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be] fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thou• fandfeven hundred and seventy eight, to tranjafl their affairs \ and also except fucb person or persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and dgferibed to have, upon the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or fence, been in the rules of the said prison of the [Fleet, or king’s Bench, as the cafe (hall be, ] by leave of [the warden or marshal of the said prison, as the cafe (hall be] j and have, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, really and truly, ever fence, continued and remained in aflual custody in the said prison of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be], or the liberties thereof, at the fuit or suits of the several persons in the said list refpefitvely mentioned \ [and if any prisoner or prisoners hath or have since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, escaped out of either of the said prisons, then insert], except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped], who, without my knowledge, privity, or consent, bath or have escaped out of the said pr 'tfen of 

and that the said list is a true, exafl, perfect, and just life of all such' ' who were really and truly prisoners in aflual custody in the said gaol or prison of 

on the said twenty-eight day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who, fence the said twenty-eighth day of January, ore thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prison ets, in o ftual custody, in the said gaol or prison of or the liberties thereof • and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, 

8o 

AH other gaolers, on «w»»ering in their litti, to take the following 

Oath. 

Anno decimo o£uvo Georgii III c.52. [1778, - 

ledge, or with'my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in ex peftalion, to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered eh emfelves, .or been, committed to the said prifen, or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison, or ftnee thejaid twenty eighth day of January, one. ihoufand fiven hundred and seventy eight, to my know ledge, or with my privity, have resided out of the said prison of 

or the rules thereof [but if any have fo done, add, * except naming such by name]. 

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or liberty, (hall fevcrally, on the delivering in of any such list respectively, take an oath in the open court of the general quarter session or general session of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or (he (ball deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say ): 

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do fdemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and perjons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the firjl part of the list by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was and were, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, really and truly prisoners in a dual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the fuit or suits of the several perjons therein respectively mention ed; and also that all and every per fan and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the jaid list now by me delivered in and fubferibed, as aforesaid, have, Jtnce the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [if any such pri/oneror prifoners.hath 

or have, since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand feveft hundred and seventy eight, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison], at the fuit or suits of the fevetal person or persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly men tioned and deferibed to have died, been discharged, ’or removed to fomc other prijon by process of law, or to have escaped out of such prison without my privity, knowledge, or corfent, ftnee the aid twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and that all and every of them, whose name and names is and are conjained in the firjl part of the said list (exceft as before excepted) tb the bejl of my knowledge and belief, have really and truly continued in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of 

ever since the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and that the said list is a true, exact, perfect, and just list of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in actual custody, tn the said gaol or prison of on the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who since the said twenty-eighth day cf January, 

*^.ooqle 

81 

*778.] Atino decimo octavo gfeokgit III C £2. 

huary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, have been realty and truly committed, or furrehderid to the said gaol or prison of 

(except as before excepted) to the bel of fny knowledge and belief \ and that none of [uch prisoners, to m knowledge, or with my privity, have Voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation, to take any benefit front or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said prifin of. 

tr got his, her, or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or fence their commitment, have to my knowledge, or tviib my privity, resided out of the said prison of 

[if any have fo done, then add, txcept inserting their names.] 

Which said fefpetfive baths the said justices, at theiirft or second Oithi to b general quarter session or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof, within their respective jurifdi&iofis, arfc j coart! CC hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: and the words of the said oath herein before directed to be taken an] entered A by the said warden and mar(hal respectively (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered Qf the lists. * in by them respectively, and (hall be fubferibed and sworn to by them respectively in open court \ and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be fubferibed and sworn ^ by them respectively in open court: and every such list which by tw (hall be fo delivered in, fubferibed, and sworn to, in pursuance clerk of tbd of this ad, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or peace, other officer acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty rcljpedively, in Which any such list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all of any prisoner ot prisoners therein named; and fo as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward;. 

lit. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thre£c6£fc* That all and every gaoler and gaolers and keeper of any gaol f list toc Or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first of second general quarter session or general session of the pnum>* peace (hall be held, after the pafling of this ad, for the county, tiding, division, city, town, place, or liberty in which any gaol * 

Or prison (hall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up in some tonfpicuous place of places in every such prison, arid at the mod frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or ntore true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at tbd laid general quarter fefllons, or at some adjournment thereof. 

IV And be it further enacted. That all and every perfdn and Pcrfbht in persons, whose name or names (hall be inferred in any such list ein tb to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the (aid iwcnty eighth pnfoner* 

yqli XXXIL Q day without s 

booqle 

fraudulent intention, on Jan, i77»> 

and conforming to this aft, (hall he discharged. 

Persons arrested for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 10, 

1778, forren dering themselves on or 

Ding thivaft, (hall be discharged 

$2 Anno decimo oft?ro III c.52. [1778* 

day of January, one thousand (even umn hcd and seventy eight, were really and truly prisoners in the ado a! custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison rcfpeftively of this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some aft for relief of inlolvcnt debtors, and who (hall take the oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on h: $ or her part, what is required to be done by hm or her by this aft, (hall be for ever released and discharged from his or her imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided. 

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person or persons who (hall have been arrested and in actual cuftodyof an officer, for any sum or sums of money by virtue of any writ or process, i(tiling out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, and which bail (hall be upon record, on or before the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and what (hall have, on or before the twelfth day of February 

8 and con qncth°u, and seven hundred and feyenty eight, surrendered him, forming to her, or themselves, in discharge of his, her, pr their bail, and (hall thereupon have been committed to prison, every such person or persons (hall, upon due proof of the preinifes upon oath, be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, in like 'ttianner as if such person or persons had been actually in prison pn the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, subject, jieverthelefs, to the same re ftriftiops and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before impqfed upon persons actually in custody on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and also subject to the same terms and conditions relating to the estate and effects of every such prisoner as aforesaid, 

VI And be. it further enacted. That it (hall apd may be lawful for anyjuftice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city^town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, uppn the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to anyjuftice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners, fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace who shall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the 

* fchcdule, containing iiis or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the firft.or second general quarter fefiion next ensuing after every such petition, or may iltue their some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and (cal, warrant for or the; r nd and seals, to require the (heriff or sheriffs, gaoler tctttsmiamr or ga°lers> or keeper of any such prison within the jurisdiction sessions, etc. of any such justice or justices, touring before the justices, at the first or second next general quarter fellion or general fefllon of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the cafe (ball happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days froqi Jthe'dute of such warrant, Tor lucli respective county, riding, di % 

Justices, on petition of any prisoner, nd his.deli vertag a fche etiile ot his estate. 

with the war unt jof his detainer, etc. 

*778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii ill c.52. Si 

Vision, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, (he, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; for which copy or copies of cause or causes, such prisoner (hall apply to the said gaoler or keeper of fitch prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall make out and tranferibe the same, at least six days before the time of his or her discharge; and such prisoner shall pay for the same the sum of two (billings, and no more, for making out, tranferibing, and frgning the same 5 Vrbich warrant of every such justice or justices, every such (heriff / X and (heriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey. 

VII And be it also enacted, That the copy of every schedule Schedule of which (hall be left with any such justice or justices, (hall, within the prhoner'i ten days after the same shall be fo left, be transmitted by the cl*atj: lob justice or justices, with whom the same (hall be fo left, to the [h^cierk of ^ clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; * * the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same (hall have been fo left, there to remain and be infpedied, from time to time, asoccafion (hall re forinfpettiort choir, by any creditor of any such prisoner who (hall desire to or creditor, inf A the feme. 

P And be it also enacted, That every such justice ot Any justice • who (hall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to omitting foe transmit the copy of the schedule, fo left with him as aforesaid, ten day to to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting as clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town; ichedulefo place, or liberty, in which thefame (hall have been fo left, (hall the cleifc of ' for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds the peace, tt which mall anti may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejirfiinjier, by action of debt, together with costs of fuit, in the name of any person who (hall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeit CD (hall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the • ‘ '' 

same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariftl in which the offence shall be committed. 

IX And be it further enacted, That all and every prisoner Prisoner irf. and prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged uh tending to pe der this act, as aforesaid, (hall first cause public notice to be jtfchargvane inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such gene to giv* prevl ral quarter’feffion*or general session, or the adjournment thereof ous notice ' at which the said prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged hi<b# 

from any gaol m London, or within the weekly bills of mortality; #l€ 

and if such prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of Lon; 

don, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in fpme newfyaper# • • which shall be publrfhed in of near the county, xidirtgi division city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol .whereof he or she (hall be foin custody; containing the namev'trtfde, and occupation, and two last places of abode, if fb many, of every such prifoper and prisoners, and 'the prison vwierein be she, dr they, is.or aw 

C 2 

con 

84 

to be ipferted. 

Printer of Gazette to Jceepan alpha bet tea] lilt, etc. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.52. [1778. 

confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this aft; and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newspaper, to be the first, second, orihird notice, according to d. to be paid the time of publiftiing each of such notices; and for the inserting each time for Gf each of which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in t?ces!ms n" any other newspaper, there (hall be paid, each time, by every such prisoner, twopence, and no more: the first of which said notices (hall be fo inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other newspapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at least, and the last of the said notices six days at least before any such first or second general quarter fefiion, or general fefiion, or adjournment thereof, (hall be held as aforesaid; fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof; and the printer of such Gazette is hereby required to keep a book, and enter therein an alphabetical list of the names of prisoners advertising and intending to take the benefit of this aft, and the names of the different prisons in which they are confined. 

X Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to confider the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtorsy be it Every debtor further enacted, That every such debtor, when he or (he (hall i11crfh* cording to the directions of this act) publish the first notice estate to the an intention to petition for his or her discharge, be or (he (hall 

fader, and to in such notice, declare, that the schedule, containing his or her eclare the intended difeovery of his or her real and personal estate, (to be worn t0 n manner as by this aft directed) is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein any such prisoner (hall be confined; and every such prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he (hall publish such first notice s aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and surname; to be attested by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and 

backto prison. n ca^c any pr*^oncr ft*au »eglcft or refuse to deliver one such pr * schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to such his first notice, to be given as aforesaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of such neglect to the satisfaction of the court to which such prisoner (hall make application for his discharge, (hall be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or (he (hall have complied with the directions aforesaid: and every such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the signature of the prifoner’s name to such schedule, and to receive gtvehimvdu the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate thereof plicate there, to every such prisoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby further required to de and also to liver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself.. any*fred&or° request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in writ ho requests such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to tt. such personas he (hall appoipt to receive the lame, within three 

days 

notice, etc. 

On negteft thereof, to be 

Gaoler to’at tett tne prisoner's signature to his schedule, and 

L ooqle 

Tjji.] Anno decimo oltavo georgh III C 52. 85 

says after demand made, on payment for each schedule after the rate of sixpence per (heet, each (heet to .contain seventy two words; and foin proportion for any Jess number of words; and in cafe such creditor (hall, only search or examine such schedule, then such creditors (hall pay for every such search and examination the sum of one (hilling: and if any such Gaoler, etc. gaoler, keeper, or deputy, (hall neglelf or refuse to conform t0 fo teit 10j* the directions hereby given him refpelling such schedule, every or c1 ao * such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to any person who (hail sue for and recover the lame, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at fvefitmnjler* by action of debt. 

XI And be it further enabled. That the notices to be given by every prisoner, in manner directed by this alt, (hall be to the effect following; viz. 

I [insert the name, trade, occupation, 

* and two Jaft places of abode, if fo many] new confined in oner 1 not*ce# 

finfert the name of the prison and county, ] do hereby give this puftick notice, being [insert the first fe cbnd* or third as the cafe may be, ] that I do intend to take the benefit of an afl* pojfed in the eighteenth year of his present Majefifs reign (entitled An alt for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases); [and if it be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfeb schedule, containing a difeovery of all my real and per final estate hereafter to be sworn to is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same, in manner aforesaid, to the, gaoler or keeper, or his deputy, of [insert the name 

of the prison wherein such prisoner (hall be confined, and the county in which it is situate] ] 

every such notice (hall be signed by the prisoner, and Notice to be countersigned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such gaoler hy t,, # or keeper, of the prison wherein such prisoner (hall be confined. pn oner*ctc* XII And be it further enalted, Thar every such prisoner as Prifonerbeing aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such wariant as aforesaid, 

(hall be brought to the general quarter session, or any adjourn publication of, ment thereof (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon oath, or by notice prpv* 

'producing the said thfee Gazettes and newspapers before men ed, etc. tioned to the said justices, at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers, were required, in manner as hereinbefore is direlied, and that the person or persons fo petitioning was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or a re specified in the lid of prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second session, or any adjourn ment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this all, (hall, in open ^hcduleof1 * Court, at the laid general quarter session, or general session, or his eftatct * • G 3 any debts, etc 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.52, [1778* 

any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true fcha dule or account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or (he, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her possession, at any time since his or her commitment to prifpn, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively Jive, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, nd are secured $ if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts, (if there be any such), and (hall also make oath nd swear to the effect following; (that is to fay:) 

Prt (oner's TA. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty goj\ oath on deli J[ do felemnly swear, protejl% and declare, That On the twenty-eighth fchedule*1 ^ f January one thousand seven kindred and feventy*eight, 1 was C C u ea prisoner, or elfe [as the cafe may be] that since the said twenty' eighth day of January, one thou fond seven hundred and fiventy eighty lhavefurretiderejy or have been committed to the prison of in diffharge of my daily or for want of daily [as the cafe (hall be]; and that I was actually arrejledy and in the cujlody of an officery before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fevenly eighty in the attion or fuit aflions or fuitsy in which I surrendered or was committed as aforefaidy to the said gaol or prison of and that I have ever since my said 

surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the aflual cujlody oj the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the liberties 

■’ •' thereofy at the fuit of and without any 

'fraud or collision whatsoever; and that the Jchedule now delivered by mty and fubjeribedy doth contain y to the be ft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief y a fully jufly truly and per fed account and difeovery of all the goodsy effeftsy and eflatesy real and perfonaly either in pof jefficn, reverfiony remainder, or expeflancyy which /, or any person in trujl for me or for my benefit or advantagey are feij'ed or poffejfed of interejled /», or entitled toy or was or were in my pojfejfion at any time Jince my commitment to prison; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me \ and of all the fe curt tiej and contrails whereby any money now is or willy or may hereafter become payabuy or any benefit or advantage may accrue to mty or to my ufey or to any person or persons in trust for me \ and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, [if any fucli there be]; and that neither /, nor any aether person or persons in trujl for mey or for my use, have any lands, moneyyjlocky or any eftatex peal or perfonaly in pojfejfmy reverfiony or remainder, or expectancy % other than what are in the said schedule contained except wearing ap............... ............... fiat 

\ 

1778-] Aooo decimooflavageorgji IIL C 52- 

partly and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and ncccffary* implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fumkof money not exceeding forty fillings, and these in the whole net exceeding tbi value of twenty pounds; and that 1 have not, nor anybody for me bath, directly or indirectly, sold, Icjfcned, or otherwise conveyed, aifpofed of in truji, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contracts, or ef.ate, real ir per fond, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise bowfoever. 

So help me GOD. 

And the said schedule and oath fhafl be, by every such prisoner. Schedule and ' fubferibed In the presence pf the justices in open session of the oath to be tub peace, as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain feribedin the with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting {^ged^ith as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, town, the clerk Tor or place, where the same (hall be fubferibed and taken, for the the examina better information of all the creditors of luc!) prisoner who (hall t, on of credi desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and every such tor, creditor (hall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day time to peruse and examine the same. 

XIIL And be it further enafled. That the justices within court.at the' their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter session, rcqufli of a or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor, rpay creditor or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authori&d examine gaol to.caufe the deputy warden and marfha! of the Fleet and King's o^tc* ri Bench prison, and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any gaol or prison, and any other person, tp come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any pf the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this 36i to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which thepritoner's (hall have been taken in open court by any prisoner or prisoner oath not be (lull not be disproved by good testimony of any credible per coimys'tj fon or persons on oath, and such justices or the major parr of diidwgehim, them, present at any such general quarter session, or general Teflion, (hall be fatisned with the truth of the oath taken by any fucb respective prisoner, then such justices (hall, in such (elhon, or some adjournment thereof, command the said (heriff* or he riffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prifoper or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one hil on his paying ling for his or their attendance with every’ such prisoner at such afeeofis to general quarter session, or general session, or any adjourn gaoler; meat thereof in order for his, her, or their difaharge; (and which every such (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby autho/ifed to receive and take for every such order:) and every such order who (hall bt (hall be a sufficient discharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or indemnified gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, and (hall indemnify fr the escape. 

G 4 hitn 

tg Anno decimo octavo Gborgii III c.52. [i773« 

him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or a£lion$ whatsoever for escape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them. 

jsfttte tnd ef XIV And be it further cna&ed by though authority aforesaid, seat the That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri si8d?fch«wn f°nerj of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and to be vetted jn copy, as cuftomaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, the clerk of and eftedts, of every such prifpner, (hall, immediately after the the peace dltcharge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested n the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting a clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, divifjon, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner (hall be who it to make respectively discharged; and every such clerk of the peace, town over the same clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby di to the aflig rested and required to make an affighment and conveyance of every such prifoner’s estate and e/fedts, vested in such clerk of • the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of thp 

peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpedtivejurifdidttons, (hall order and direct, (which alignment and conveyance (hall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purpoies whatsoever, without being wrote on 4 parchment or paper stamped) j and to vest the estates thereby 

assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same (hall be fo assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and for which he interest the prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, inwall be paid groffing, and executing of which assignment and conveyance, po clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk ' of the peace, (hall take any greater fee than two (billings; and every such assignment and conveyance (hall he in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner tp whom the same (hall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their refpedhve Assignees im debts j and every person or persons to whom any such assign powertd to ment and conveyance as aforesaid (hall be made, is and are *uc* hereby fully impowpred to sue, from time tovime, as there may 

be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, or execute any anc a e*ecule any trust or power vested in, or created for truitorpower the use or benefit of, any such prisoner, but in trust for the be for the pri neiit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every (oner, etc. such prjfoner. and to giye discharge and discharges to any debtor Assignees to Pr debtors f any such prisoner, as ftiall be requisite: and every get in the ef such assignee or assignees (hall, with all convenient speed, after sea of the his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use f^w a. his and their hest endeavours to receive and get in the estate' ' C and effedis of every such prisoner j and (hall, with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner vested such assignee or assignees j and if any such prisoner (hall be ' ■ w. iptereftej| 

^ooqle 

1778.3 Anno deeimo octavo Georgii III C 2. 89 ‘ 

interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in poflefliori, and to sell, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two w, th, jj flionths after every such assignment and conveyance, (hall be ijixnev’s real sold by public audlion, in such manner, and at such place, as cltate, etc. 

■jhe major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who (hall aflecnble together, on any notice in writing published in the London gazotuy or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which thall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelled before he or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale (hall be made, (hall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and my * such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months at thin three farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such assign months 1 mentor conveyance as aforesaid, (hall make a just and fair dividend of all such prifoner’s estate and cffetfs which (hall have been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's refpetfive debts; but before firftmaking any such dividend (ball be made, such assignee or assignees (hall up their ac make up an account of such prisoner's estate, and make oath in verifylnethem writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the upon oath, county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner (hall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly, and bona fide, made and paid; and notice of thetoaking of every such dividend (hall be 30 dayi[notice published in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is hereinto given of before directed to be published, thirty days at lead before the jjjdend** 1 feme (hall be made; and no creditor mall be allowed to receive and none to pnv (hare of such dividend, until he (hall have made out the receive any justness and identity of his refpeflive debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before some such justice or justices: : if any creditor Loved their of such prisoner (hall be dissatisfied with the reality or tairnefs of debts, any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the same, at the Debts claimed request of any such creditor or creditors fo dissatisfied, (hall be *?* e*ai™n examined into by the justices of the county, riding, division, determined by pity, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner (hall have been the court, discharged, at their next general quarter session, and what they (hall there determine in the premises (hall be conclusive to all parties: and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors. Surplus of the there (hall any of his estate and eflfe&s remain after payment of priioner’s ef ?11 reafbnahle charges, the same (hall be paid to such prisoner; [q him, etc, his executors or administrators, 

XV Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or freditors from any neglefl or omijfion in the schedule not containing the tvhoje of the eftatey real or perfonaly belonging to any prisoner who ball apply for his or her discharge, under the authority of this a fly be it Creditors not pna^ed, That all the .estate, whether real or personal, which (hall ^y^ifnort 

belong fo jue che 

9° 

dulc of pri * foner’s ellatt. 

Proviso. 

On death or removal of any clerk of' the peace, etc. prisoners estates to become veiled in their successors. 

No fuit in equity to be commenced, but by consent of majority in value of creditors 

Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney, on payment of is. the schedule of any prison 

Aonodecimo oflayo Georgii III c„ 52* [n 

belong to any prisoner or prisoners, and of which he, (he, or they, (hall be actually poftefted at the time of making such fehe dule, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of.the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and (hall. in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the diredlions of this a. 

XVI Provided always, and be it enacted. That no person holding any security whatsoever, for which the insolvent never received any valuable consideration, (hall be imitled to receive any benefit from his estate. 

XVII Provided always, and be it enabled. That in cafe of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of an' prisoner or pri — fo'ners, (hall have vested by the authority of this adl; every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, (hall become vested in the fuccefior or fuccefiors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, respectively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this adl. 

XVIII Provided further, and be it also enadied, That no 

fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any aftlgnee or assignees of any such prisoner's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such prisoner, who (hall meet together pursuant to a notice to be givervin the London Gazette for that purpose,, 

And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace of every refpedfive county, city, and county town, and county riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any inlolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left, and his fucccflbrs, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other, officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, (hall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with. any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office the person fo requiring to see and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule ftiall be, or his deputy, the sum of one (hilling for his trouble in searching for,, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same (hall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and’to peruse the same : and 

i77&] Anno decimo o£uvo Georgii III c.52. 91 

that a true copy of every Tuch schedule, signed by the clerk, of attested copy the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose Custody the same (hall be, or his deputy, pur cj*i"nce^a porting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on (lamped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, (each (heet to contain seventy two words, and fo iu proportion for a iefs>number of words), (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same : and if any clerk of the peace, or Clerk of the his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adding a? clerk of the p««ce refuting peace, (hall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or or t0 deliver * then; attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the copy theicof, lame to be infpedkd as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such pay etc. mentor tender as aforesaid being made to him; or (hall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the (beet, each (licet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for less than seventy two words in a (heet; or (hall refute to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid foto make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid j (hall, for every Hiall forfeit such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which (hall jl aj*d trc and may be sued for artd recovered in any of his majesty’s courts 0 co 8# of record at ivejbninjier, by a&ionof debt, together wjth treble costs of fuit, in the name of any person who mall prosecute for the fame: and one moiety of which money forfeited (hall, when thepro^cuio*0 recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the and the other other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the octo the poor of fence (hall be committed. the p*nfl». 

XX Provided always, and be it enabled, That before such Assignees of time as any assignee or assignees aforesaid (hall enter on, or take copynold or any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate, as aforesaid, cuitomary he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords of compoufid the manor or manors of whom the same (half be held, for the with the lord payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender and ad of the manor, niifiion thereto, hath heretofore been most ufualiy accustomed 

to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or compofi ancl t0 be action, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court, which (hall be held for the said p manor or manors, after such agreement made, (hall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary pre -- mites, according to the cullom of the laid manor or manors of which the same (hall be held, for and during such estate and interest as the said prisoner had therein at the time of his or her, being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered ir respect of the said copyhold or customary premises. 

XXI Provided also. That nothing herein contained fhajl ex The prisoner tend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said pri 

foie or fugitive, whi9h be ex pedant upon, or fubjaft unto, ^ ^ ^ 

the 

laooqle 

All mort gauges, etc. to tako^place preferable to claims of an inferior natare; 

Powers in prisoners of leaf ing lands, etc. vetted in assignees. 

The acting gaoler, at the time of deli 

Anno decimo octavo Georgn III C 52. [177?# 

the estate and interest of the said prisoner or fugitive, hereby vested in the said cleric of the peace, ' town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person or perforis, (hall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this ad had not been made. 

XXII Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be construed to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any statute staple, statute merchant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such prisoner or pri — (oners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate, of such prisoner or prisoners; and also where any inquisition, (hall have been taken upon any such statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the (heriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement before such discharge (hall be given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively (hall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as (hall remain due upon such mortgage, statute, recognisance, or judgement respectively, in lice manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this ad had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in apy wise notwithstanding. 

XXIII And whereas many persons who may be inti tied to, and claim the benefit of this aft, are seized and pojfeffed of lands.) tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving small rents on such efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in pojfejfion or roverfion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives, which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors offuch prisoners \ it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in every such cafe, all and every the powers of leasing such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, (hall be, and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this ad, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid. 

XXIV And whereas, in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never aft as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know anything 'of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted. That, in every such cafe, the person who (lull have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or 

keeper 

liooqle 

1778*] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 52. 93 

keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering wing the in the lists, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in ia 

any such gaol or prison, at any general quarter fefiions of the sworn peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper, (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper (hall a<51 as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison. 

XXV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Court, on re the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or ad editor to * journment thereof, to which any prisoner (hall be brought in adminifter°an pursuance of this ad, (hall, if required by any creditor or ere oath to the ditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who (hall oppose his or gaoler, her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who ads as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of bringing up ?ny such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this ad, an oath to the following effect; (that is to fay): 

I A. B. do wear, That was really and truly a The oath. 

prisoner in my cujiody, in the prison of tp the hest of my knowledge and belief \ at or upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and evenly eight; and that the copy or copies of the cause or'caufe s of his [or her] commit mentor detainer, now by me brought with the bodj of the said 

and produced to this court, is or are a true copy cr copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

So help me GOD. 

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, on the said twenty-eighth \xtn gaoler day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, on Jan. is, or since, (hall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1778* then he gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the time any w1 the such list as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then QWU>* the. justices, at any such session, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the re,, person or persons, who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison, to the cffe<5fc following; (that is to fay): 

I A. B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or books Oath, kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the cafe flxill be]; and that I do verily believe that 

the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear 

(^.ooqle 

94 Anno decimo octavo georoh III c.52. [1778^ 

pear that was. on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thou 

fand[even hundred dud seventy eight, really and truly a prifonerin the actual evjlody of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed 

gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me ot any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief 

So help me GOD. 

and examine bun, on oath, etc. 

Sheriff or gaoler, disobeying order pf court, to ioifeit 1001. with treble colts. 

XXVI And, in order to dirover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further enabled by the 

Comtat the authority ntorefaid, That the justices at any general or quarter fefllon of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby au himmon'the fborifed, a the request of any creditor or creditbrs of any pri person VI ho fbner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be ap acted as gaoler pointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler on Jan. *8, cr keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison 177 > or mce, their refpexftive jurisdictions, on the said twenty-eighth 

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or at any time (ince; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, (hall think lit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negleift or refuse to bring before such justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as (hail be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attending (hall refofe to make answer and difeovery in the premises, as (hall be reasonably required at such general or quarter feflioh, or any adjournment thereof, he, (be, or they, fo offending in the premises, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the font of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt, to ht brought in his or her name, in arry of his majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminjler, together with treble costs of futt. 

XXVII And whereas a great number of workmen, Jkilful in the several trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and also many abk seamen and mariners y finding themfehes unable to satisfy the whole of their refpectrue debts, and dreading the mi[erie\ of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: and whereas their continuance abroad must be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore to induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were actually beyond the seas, in foreign pans, on the 

Jan. v778, tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy e^ght, 

iu< rendering nd did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to them ft Ives, gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtor’s act, who (ham 

benefit of this teturn an forrender himfejf of rhemfelves, within fourteen days next immediately after his or their landing m England unto thfc 

gaoler 

Debtors who were beyond the season 

ac! 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 52*. <95 

gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King's Bench, Matjbalfca, or Fleets of to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of foch county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelled, for the space of six months, (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and empowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge, as hereinafter mentioned), and who, from and immediately after such surrender, do continue in actual custody of such gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his’difeharge, (hall be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be, to all intents and purposes, entitled to, the benefit of this aft; and (hall, upon due proof ot the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness), bedifeharged in the same manner as if he, (lie, or they, had been actually in prison on the said twenty-eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and continued thercin.as aforesaid;; nevertheless to the same reftrifhons and provisions, upon the same and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifr terras as other cations, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually prif°ncri» in custody upon the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and also fubjetft to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner, as aforesaid;; only (uch particulars thereof except in cer ■*s require the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler’s tain particu or keeper’s list, as aforesaid, as relate to the oaths of such gaoler ar or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot podibly be applied to the cafe of persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said twenty-eighth dav of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, instead whereof, the person or persons fo surrendering (hall take an oath, in open court, at some general or quarter section of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division, place, or liberty, in the prison of which any such fugitive or debtor (hall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect following; which the said justices, authorised to put this at in execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer in such manner as the Oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered. 

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, bi the presence of Almighty God, fo~ Fugitive! 

lemnly wear, protest, and declare, That I was actually on the oath. tenth day of March, one'thoufand seven hundred and seventy eight, beyond the fcas in foreign parts, videlicet, at and that I did, within fourteen days next immediately after my land ingy surrender myself to the custody of the keeper cf ' 

[as the cafe mhy be;; that I have ever ftme such ft) fiiyttnitr continued'ti'prifoner in, bis cuftody\^andtkit*the 

Jchedule 

$6 Anno decimo octavo Georgii Ilf. c.52. [1778# 

fchedult now delivered, and by me fubfcribei, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, remembrance, end belief \ a full, just, true, and perfect account and difeovery, of all the real estate, effects, and 

other personal estate, in any wise belonging to me; and also all of such debts as are to me owing, or to any pet sin or persons in trufl for me? and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or wilt or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other person of persons in trufl for me; add the names and pines of abode of the fever al persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, [if any such there. be]; and that neither I, nor any persons in trujl for me, is or art seized of any real estate, in pojfeffton, reversion, or remainder, or expectancy, or of any personal ejlale of any kind whatfiever, other than what are in the said Jcbedule contained; except my wearing apparel and bedding for myself dnd family, my working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a [urn of money not exceeding forty Jbillings, and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds j and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold tiffined, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my real estate, money, goods, chattcls, flocks, debts, securities, contracts, or personal estate whatfiever, whereby to secure the same, fo as to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myself or family, or with any view, intent, or deftgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their tefpeclivd debts. 

So help me GOD. 

Fugitive ar XXVIII Provided also, and be it enaaed, That if any fu retted, intend gjtivc intending to surrender to the terms of this act, (hall def Entitled” " w^l*n the fpacc before mentioned of fourteen days, be arretted to the benefit n any fuit or action, which cause of action accrued before the of this aft. said tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred arid seven ty eight, such fugitive giving notice (as before directed) to any justice of the peace at the next general quarter session or general session; and, in all other respects, complying with the terms and conditions of this alt, * (hall be entitled to the benefit of the same; 

• and every iheriff, bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prison in whose custody such fugitive (hall be detained, (hall Conform him or themselves to the directions of this act, id like manner as before mentioned. 

XXIX And whereas a great number of commiffton and warrant officers, in his Majefiy's fia and land fervke, who, through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themselves in debt, are now unable, though willing, to serve their king and country, because, to avoid the disgrace andfbame of a prifin, they have taken Jfbelter in privileged places, and cannot come forth without danger of being immediately arretted, or have been thrown into prifin, without hopes of being rtleafea by any discharge of their debts, and are therefore become useless and a heavy burthent wflead of being firviceable to thejlatez ana whereas many 

of 

1778*] Anno decimo octavo geopgii III C 52. 

of them art not under that description of these perfom who can take benefit by the proviftons of this afl, without some extenfeon thereof yet are very proper objefls offuch relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enacted, That all and every commission or warrant officer or officers, in his majesty’s fca or land service, now upon the full or half-pay list, who (hall, on or before the twenty sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, surrender himself or themselves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his majesty’s prisons, in such manner as is herein directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who (hall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all respects to the like terms and conditions preferibed to such fugitive debtors, (except as to so much of the oath required to be taken by them, as declares that such debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did surrender within fourteen days after their return;) instead whereof, every such debtor (hall swear, that he did, on or before the twenty (ixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe venty eight, [as the cafe may r], surrender himself to the cqftody of the gaoler or keeper of [insert the name 

of the prifori]y and who (hall, in all other respects, take the mine oath as every such fugitive debtor is required to do, (hall be deemed and taken to be a prisoner or prisoners within the true meaning of this act and be entitled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. 

XXX And whereas diverse persons are under a necessity of residing abroad, to avoid being thrown into goal on account of annuities by them granted as a means of raising money either to themselves, or others for whom they have become surety and such persons cannot have the benefit of a discharge by virtue of this afl, in respect of the accruing payments of such annuities subsequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and jeventy eight j be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who was or were actually beyond the Teas in foreign parts to avoid being thrown into gaol on account of debts fo contracted on or before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who (hall surrender himself or themselves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his majesty’s prisons, in such manner as is herein dirc&ed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who flail, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all respects to the like terms and conditions preferibed to such fugitive debtors, flail, notwithstanding the penal sum contained in any bond, judgement, or other assurance, whereby such annuity may have been secured, should be larger than the sum limited by this act, be entitled to the benefits of this act to all intents and purposes; and such person or persons, fo conforming, (hall not afterwards be arrested, or held to bail, or liable to imprisonment, on account of the accruing payment of any annuity thentofore granted or secured, or in rcfpectof any bond, judgement, or othdr Vol. XXXII H assurance, 

97 

Any comimf iion or warrant officer, ' who (hall surrender himself. as is herein directed tor fugitive debtors, before June 26, 177s, fli.itj be inri tled to the benefit of this a (ft. 

Persons beyond the Teas on account of annuities granredbefore jans, 17^8, who (hall surrender themselves as fugitive debtors, etc. (hall be entitled to the benefit of this, ait. 

voiooqle 

Anno decimo o£btvo Georg II UL C 52* [ 1778. 

sflutsmce, made, entered into, or obtained for securing the payment of any such annuity. 

Exception XXXI Provided always, That no person (hall be entitled to * be discharged from his imprisonment, under the provisions of this ad, where the annuity secured to any one creditor (hall exceed the sum of one thousand pounds uulefs by the content of. torch creditor. 

Funnre estates XXXII Provided also. That nothing herein contained (hall ©r/to^^a extend to exempt or discharge the future estate or effects, real ble to pay * personal, of any such debtor or debtors, as are last herein ment of an before mentioned, from being liable to the payment of torch annuities. nuity debts as aforesaid. 

Gaoler, or XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore printerofthe said, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy Gazette, etc. or deputies, (hall, without just cause, to be approved of by rho wh trug ju^'ces at ^ome g^eral quarter feition or general (eflion of the lations of tm* peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective juris a. to forfeit didions, refuse or delay to bring any torch prisoner or prilonera ick>1. for each a aforesaid, to any torch general quarter section, or general fef ti«wecottslh or frac adjournment thereof, in order to hisorherdif 

charge, or (hall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any torch prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his of their respective gaol or prison, on the said twenty-eighth day of Jannory^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or tonce; or (hall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lists as aforesaid;; if any torch gaoler or koeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (lull, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said town of one (hilling hefein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid;; (hall detain any such prisoner after he or (be (hall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printerof the London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforesaid, (hall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this ad dhreded to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prrfons, his deputy or deputies, and every torch printer as aforesaid, (hall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such cafe injured, the sum of one hundred pounds; which (hall and may be recovered, with treble costs of tolit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eflom, protedkm, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

Gaoler con XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore *ufe<tof«fe^ That if any torch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, 5001, with full or any deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, (ball, in uking coils, etc of the aforementioned paths, for/wcar or perjure himself, and 

99 

177**] Annodecimo odavo Georgii III c.52. 

shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or kfrper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of such' prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflrdted on persons convicted of perjury), (hall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered with full cods, 'by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wiftminjier, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any afllgnment or conveyance, in pursuance of this adt, (hall be made, of the estate and effects of such priibner or pri (oners; and if no such assignee or assignees (hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall sue for the said penalties \ to be applied, Ohe moiety Applicatjonof 

. to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fa e pciu ty* tisfadtion of the debts offuch his creditor or creditors. • 

XXXV And be it further enacted. That if any clerk of the refufwg peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as * prisoner a8 clerk of the peace, (nail delay or refute to give every or any (uch copy of his. prisoner fo discharged as afbrefaid, within fourteen days after his diicharge, or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her dilchargc, on 

the payment of two (billings and sixpence; or (hall take more or taking ex than the sum of two (billings and sixpence for such copy; or (hah orbitant fccs* take more than one (hilling for an assignment or conveyance of such prifoner’s estate or effects; every (uch clerk of the peace, or al forfeit his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, wno (hall fo offend, and who (hall be convicted at any p such general or ouarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any (uch offence, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter fdlion of the peace, dr adjournment thereof, (hall order j and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and file of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, 'or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, fo offending. 

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore Prisoner. etc. 

'(aid. That if any prisoner as aforeiaid, or any other person or convicted of persons who (hall take the benefit of this act, mall forswear and to 

perjure himself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under ohri^ny6. * this adt, and (hall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, 

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Persons dif 

said, That no person to be discharged by this adt (hall, at any jjj* 

tifne hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or fable to im decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, prifonmept bond, damages, cpntempts, costs, sum or Turns of money, con for dehtt, eic* tracked, incurred, occofioned, owing, or growing due, before the ^ " 

said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred, 77*\ *" * and seventy eight; but that upon every aired opon every judgement, or filch decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, 

Ha cgftsj 

loo Anno decimo octavo georgh III c.52: [1778* 

cods, sum and Turns of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, or for any two justices of the peace, upon (hewing the copy of the order of such prifoner’s discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and (hall, at the same time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such fait or suits, to pay such prisoner or prisoners the cods he, (he, or they, (hall have incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such judge or justices (hall seem just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered foto do on such prifoner’s causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and fuit. 

XXXVIII And whereas, under former assis of this kindy doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such prijoners who applied at ' any fefjton to be difebarged, who owed and (hod charged with debts, 

as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the refpcfiive afls; to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority afore foner°to be fcid’ That no prisoner or prisoners (hall be discharged of any discharged of debts subsequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thou debtt fubfe. fand seven hundred and seventy eight; and if it (hall appear to quent thereto, the justices, in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, (hall (land charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, that, in such cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the just; ces to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts previous to the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (he (lands charged with in his custody, subsequent to the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight. 

Justice, etc. XXXIX And be it further enabled by the at thority aforesaid. That if any aion of escape, or any fuit or adfion, be brought tionvought against any justice or justices of the peace, (heriff, gaoler, qr against them, keeper of any prifoo, for performing their office, in puiyuance of this ad, they mav plead the general iftue, and give this ad in and recover evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or difeontinue his treble coftt. action, or verdict pafs against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble costs. 

Persons dif XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

charged may That if any feire facias, or action of debt, or upon judgement plead gene (ball be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, al adtonsor or administrators, upon any judgement, obtained against any judgements such prisoner or on any statute or recognisance acknowledged Drought, by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one against them thousand seven hundred and seventy eighl, with respect to pri °i77i etc. f0061"8 n a<^uai custody, or with respect to debtors beyond the * 11 * * Teas as aforesaid, upon the said tenth day of Marcby one thousand 

seven hundred and seventy eight, it (hall be lawful for any u such 

i^ooqle 

10* 

1778*] Anno decimo odavo Georgii IIL c.52. such pritoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such pritoner was actually a pritoner in Tuch priton at Tuch a perfon’s fuit on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand Teven hundred and teventy eight, or was or were beyond the leas in foreign parts on the tenth day.of March, one thoutand seven hundred and seventy eight; and was or w, ere duly discharged according to tj^is aft, at the general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place, for Tuch county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is,) without pleading any and mother matter specially;; in cafe any other Tuit or action (hall be uit, may commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, Turn ftb* or Turns of money, due before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or the execution, tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution, 

(over and above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or ' 

Turn of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or the tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, without pleading any other matter specially; whereto the plaintiff (hall or may plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply general? reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the (aid defen ly>ctc* dant not to be entitled to the benefit of this ad, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this ad, 

• and his discharge, by virtue of this ad, specially; and if the butif nonsuit plaiptiffbe nonsuited, difeontinue his action, or verdict pafs fd uj0 against him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have trc cco *' Treble costs. 

XLI Provided always. That nothing in this ad contain Atrornies or ed (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or fervour n discharge any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other perfop bezzrring moor persons acting, or pretending to ad as such, with regard to jj^deci thebu any debt with which he or they (hall (land charged for any mo nefit of this ney, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, a. for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own use, or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any per tonne or persons employed or entrusted as such, with, regard to any debt or demand with which he, (he, or they (hall (land charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their master or matters, or emptbyers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, Concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, 

XLII And whereas many evxudifpoftd persons, to support their Persons who, profligate way of life, bav<y by various fubtlejlratagems, threats, apd 

H 3 devices, L ^ 

v^ooql 

iot Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 52. [1778. 

obtained mo devices, fraudulently obtained 'diverse sums of money, goods, wares, excludeth merchandizes, ponds, bills of exchange, promijfory notes, or other e benefitof this unties for money, to the great injury of indujlrious families, ana to the manifejl prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no prisoner, who knowingly and deugnedly, by false pretence or pretences, (hall hate obtained from any person or persons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other securities for money, (hail have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this aft; but the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, (hall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or (he (hall have been brought; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Any pcmh XLIII And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud tflbjncd any°r ^eir creditors, sold, transferred, conveyed, or ajjigned their ejfate and pirt of his * effects to same person or persons, fubfiquent to their being in custody of ettate or tf law, or tmprifoned under Jonfe process for debt: and whereas fitch sale, 

sets s, after be transfer, conveyance, or offignment, has been frequently made, to the v^fhdefign to infinite prejudice of the fair and hcnejl creditor, though fuffident proof defraud his tould not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent design 5 be creditors, shall it enacted, That whenever it (hall be proved by one or more Jose the benefit credible witness or witneflfes to the satisfaction of the court, to of this act which any prisoner (hall be brought up, in order to obra n his or her discharge, that such prisoner has (bid, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, or of his being in custody of law, without just cause for fo doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid;; such prisoner (hall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this a, and (hall not be tntitled to his or her discharge: and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or aflignmenr, is hereby declared to be null and void. 

Gaoler to per XLIV And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforesaid, in11 hi private That every g*°k* or keeper of any prison (hall, and is hereby to^pritoners, 'required to suffer, in the daytime, any person or perfohs defir whose names ing the same, to see and speak, in the lodge, or feme convenient in[cr^d in room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose .k. 1. names are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, or London 

Gassette, or other newfpapert, or any of them, or any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this al 5 and alfofee, in the true^and genuine books of the (aid prison, the entries made of the name or names of fach prisoner or prisoners, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suitor fuks he, she, or they, are detained : and if any such gaoler or keeper (hall neglect or refuse to comply wkh what is here above required, every such gaoler or keeper, who (hall fo offend in the premises, (hall forfeit and pay, to the person fo refafed and aggrieved, 

the 

the list, or gazette, etc. 

and the examining original books of entries, etc. 

on penalty of 4.0i. with costs 

v^ooqic 

*778-] Anno dcchno odfcrvo georgh III C 52. 103 

thefum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Pt'eftminfier, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name - or names of the person qr persons fo refused and aggrieved. 

XL V And whereas fcveralperfonj, who have taken the benefit of Prisoners fu as of insolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet tureeftatest tbemfehes up in their tjfual trades and occupations, [as their future Refunds m effects have, been made Habit to their debts previous thereto) have gone notwithftand abroad for the better maintenance of them [elves and families, carrying ing their ptr the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or rivals in liable trade: in order to prevent such evsl for the future, be it enacted, to creditors * That the future real estates, as well freehold and copyhold, as customary copyhold, ' salaries of offices under government money, or money in the funds, or lent upon real security only, of every such person or persons, prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or their total forrcnder of bis, her, or their estates and effcds, under such ads, he, she, or they, shall or may be seized of, in his, her, or their own right or use, by grant, demise, or purchase, (hall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective creditors, as before the making of this ad; and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prison who may foe crs, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafier, sue out c*ccuti£2{ execution, extents, or other process, against such real estate or money in the funds as aforesaid, of such person or persons, on or personal any judgement at the time of such discharge recovered, or fta cffe&s, ©*^ tute staple, or recognisance acknowledged by, or decree obtained again ft any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their personal estate or effects, except money in the funds obtained or accrued since such time of such discharge, other than as aforesaid. 

XLVI And be it also enacted, That any creditor or credi Creditorsmay tors of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall foe fr hebe discharged under this ad, may, at any rhyme after any such discharge, commence and prosecute any action or fuit against any tlfc time of fgch prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, exe prifoner’* dif cutors, or administrators, for the recovery of any fam or fonts of charge, money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or their said discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to but not bold special bail; nor shall take the person, or personal estate and ef j.he prj*?n?to feds, other than as aforesaid, of any such prisoner or fugitive, in p€c, a ba “* execution, ' by any judgement, sentence, or decree, which shall nor take his have been, or hereafter may be recovered" or obtained against any ^rion, etc,, prisoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of men?rccover which such execution shall issue, shall have power to discharge ed against him the same by virtue of this ad: and in any action or fuit, which shaft be hereafter commenced against any foch prisoner or fugi to ^ taken of tivc, his. or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or thecauteof advantage (hah be had or taken, for that the cause of action did *ft»°n not a, not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any 

h4 fuch3ye"*»etc* 

„ A 

Exception. 

Discharge of prisoner no acquittal to his partner or furctief. 

Gaoler making false entries in prison book or list, jo forfeit cool with treble pods. 

Anno decimo odavo Georgii III c.52. [1778. 

such action or fuit; nor (hall any statute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any such action or fuit; which (hall be hereafter commenced by any such creditor or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause of action or fuit did not accrue within three years next before any such prisoner or fugitive (hall be discharged under this adt; and, in any such cafe, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators. 

XLVI I. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this adt, no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or her discharge under this actor then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract together with any such prisoner or fngitive, (hall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons (hall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform fuchcontradis, in like manner as if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same. 

XLVJII. And be it further enacted. That if any gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, (hall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of * which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or cause to be. prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or (hall insert in any list, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the (aid twenty-eighth day or January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ?ight, or (hall not have ever since remained in such actual cu 

frifoner* re iufing tode clare the abode, etc. of the person at Whose (uit he U detained, 

ftody (except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted,) every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds 1 to be recovered, with treble cods of fuit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivejiminfler, wherein no efloin, protection, or Wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

XLIX And be it further enacted, That if any priforter, being thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refuse to difeover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or last place of abode, of the person or persons at whose fuit he or (he is detained or charged in custody;; being called for and desired, by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner (hall be confined, without some reasonable capfc being mad? appear to tfye contrary $ every such prir 

177^-3 Anno dedmo octavo Gborgii III C 52. 

105 

Toner, upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any to be excluded general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or 0118 a discharge by or under this aa; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. 

L And whir eat thire is but one common or county gaol for each of Justices may the refpiclive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, •ffcmble ator which said counties art each of them divided into several ridings or diviftons9 all which have several commijjions of the peace \ and if the ani boil *. of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtor s, prisoners therein, session there to the quarter fejfton of each riding or division,, same will be a very for discharge great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those °* prisoners. large counties; be it therefore enaaed by the authority aforesaid. 

That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the rcfpeaive counties, 

(or any othercounty or counties where die prisons are atadiftanee from the place where the sessions are held,) at the common or county gaol thereof refpeaively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to aftemble and meet, and to hold session, there, by adjournment from their refpeaive quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the refpeaive prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this aa, 

LI And whereas the divifton or difiricl of Holland in the said The county Lincoln, is dijlant near forty miles from the said county ot^houamdhi gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenftye for the justices of the Lin coin (hire, peace acting for the said divifton, to be obliged to travel to the said may adjourn gaol, for the foie purpose of difeharging the prisoners under the to the county powers by this ad given; be it therefore enaaed, Thar, for the §ifbh«sn!rf levcral purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division or prtfoners?* diftria of Holland, may adjourn their original sessions to the * county gaol, or some place near thereunto; and that it may and shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, aaing either for the parls of Lindsey, Kejleven,, or Holland, to hold such adjourned lesions (or the foie purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original session being given by the clerk of sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, sofar as the same relate to or affca the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this aa. 

LII And whereas the next general quarter fefftons of the peace for Justices for the the county of Surrey, which shall happen after the pajjing of this a CL Surra may pray be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the affcmble at the said prisons be it therefore enaaed by the authority aforesaid, townhall of That it (hall and may be lawful for such justices as shall be af s®ut.b, fjr^ sembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be held for the county of Surrey, next after the pafling of this aa, and * they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of ?dminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by thi&aa, by the feveraj gaolers within the said county wherein ny prisoner or prisoners arc confined, an 19 rb ’•'* * * 

io 

Jofticesof London, mid dlefex, and Surrey to assemble their rtfpedive courts for ad mi differing oaths, etc. 

and to give 30 days notice of sitting to di (charge prisoners. 

Prisoners who are kept in custody for payment of fees, etc. to be dtfeharged' 

This at not to extend to debtors to the crown $ 

nor to prisoners who owe more than 1000i. to one person, unlefr tiich creditor conlcnt 1 

Anno decimo octavo Gxorgii III C 52. [177?. 

such refpc&ive prisoner or prisoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act. 

LIII ad whereas the next general quarter Jejfonof the peace far the city of London, and general quarter feffious for the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, will not ke held until the middle of July, which will he the means of detaining in priftn a number of persons wboy with their families, are in the grestejl dtftrefs; be ft enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of the justices of the peace for the cify of London and the counties of Surrey and Middlejex> to assemble their respective courts as soon as may be after palling this adt, for the purpose of administering the oaths, and other the matters required by this ad, and to appoint such day or days for the discharge of prisoners as they (hid! see proper; and every person or persons fo cleared at such meeting as aforesaid, (hall receive ail the benefits accruing to him by this adt, in the feme manner as if such buftnefs had been done av any general quarter session, or general session of the peace, or adjournment thereof \ anything in this ad to the contrary notwithstanding; and such justices are hereby required to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, notice of the day or days on which they will lit, for the discharge of such prisoners, and other the purposes di reded by this ad, (which notice (hall be inferred ia the London Gazette thirty days previous fo such time.) 

LIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said twenty-eighth day of January, onethoufand seven hundred and seventy eight, cr since, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their sees, rents, or Other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other acqount, (hall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this ad required to be taken by prisoners. 

LV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this ad (hall not extend, or be confirucd to extend, to difebarge any person out of prison, (Seeking his or her discharge under this ad, with respect to any debt or penalty with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or at the fuit of any iheriff or other pubkek officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any ad or ads of parliament relative to his majesty’s revenues of customs, excise, or (alt duties, or either of them. 

LVI Provided also, Thar thisad (hall not extend to discharge any person out of prison, seeking his Or her discharge under this ad, who (hal! be charged in eviffody by anybody politic or corporate, or by any one person, on or before the (aid twenty-eighth day of January, onethoufand seven hundred and seventy eight, in any turn exceeding tlte fowi of one thousand pounds, betides interest and costs, and whose discharge (hall be in court 

opposed 

1778.] Anno decimo oftaro georgii III c.51* 107 

opposed by such body politic or corporate, or one person; 

(except such person or persons who (hall hive been bound in Exception, security for any other person or persons to a larger amount, and it thall appear, to the satisfaction of the court, that such person or persons fo bound, or giving, or joining in, such security, hath or have not received, or applied to hisy her, or their own proper and separate use or benefit, any part of the sum or sums of money fo due and owing as aforeiatd j and also except such person or persons who nt>w is or are, and was or were, prisoner or prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or kcepei of any prison in tnis kingdom refpcctivcly, at the time of passing the late ak for relief of insolvent debtors, and who was or were deprived taking or receiving the benefit of the said ad, arising from their debt or debts to any one creditor exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds as aforesaid; 'provided such debt or debts due to any one creditor do not exceed the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, besides interest and costs)) if any such Creditors op body politic or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum posing pnfon exceeding one thousand pounds (hall be owing, (hall oppose the ^ ^uow hii*** discharge of such prisoner, (except as aforesaid)) (hall iofift j8. 66. per that such prisoner be continued in gaol; that then, and in such week cafe, such body politic or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prifoner’s discharge as aforesaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper cods and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding four (billings, nor less than three (billings and (iypence per week, in such manner as the said justices, in their genera! quarter session, or adjournment thereof, (hall order; and, upon and on non. nonpayment of the same for the space of fourteen days, the said paym^t tor prisoner, upon application to the said jutyices in there general or weeks, quarter session, held as aforesaid, (hall be discharged, pursuant to Sifcharged. the intent and meaning of this at. 

LVII And whereas under fotmer atis, rreditors bdve bun put dctermina to gnat expends and trouble in at finding every session and adjourn ment, during the whole continuance of the ai to oppose though discharge rcf^£ of prisoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the send refpo&ive to the reten acts, hut who after having been before one session heard, and refused tion of any a discharge, to hart ofs their creditors, confiantly gavefrtfb notices for Pritoncri each fuhjequent session and adjournment of their intended application to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes whatever, the determination of the justices in session or adjournment (hall be final to all intents and purposes., unless the prisoner (half, during the conti unlefsthepri nuance of this at, get rid of the objection or objections for fonerget rid which they refused his discharge; and, that the same may be oftheobjec. clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the objections why such prifoner’s discharge is refuted by them; and, hit discharge. in all cafes whatever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the. justices, at any fubfequeot session or adjournment, upon applica pro^y^o tion from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, witnesses of by tw^prmore credible witnesses, (which oath |hcy ate hereby objeftiom be 

jm* wgtemovtd# 

etc. may discharge such prisoner. 

io Anno decimo octavo Georoii III C 5l [177&. 

empowered to adminirter,) of each objedson or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at least ten days pre * to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazeitey in manner before directed by this act, to order such prifoner'to be brought before them, and, if they (hall then be of opinion the said prisoner is entitled to the benefit of this act, to order him to bo discharged, he taking tfie oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act. 

LVIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any creditor mall intend to oppose the discharge of any debtor with whose debt he is charged in custody, at the first quarter feifions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppose such discharge to the prisoner, or to leave such nptice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of such prison, in order that such prisoner may be prepared to make his defences and in cafe no such notice (hall be given as aforesaid, previous to such quarter feffionsror such adjournment thereof, and such creditor (hall appear to oppose his discharge, and it (hall happen that the prisoner is remanded, then such creditor (hallway to such debtor the expenses of his application 2nd attendance, in any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the justices at such fefiions (hall djre& and allow. 

LIX Provided always. That every fugitive or fugitives, in titled, or to be entitled, to the benefit of this act, (hall obtain their respective discharges on or before the first day of Oftcber% one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or (hall be excluded from all benefit of this act. 

LX And whereas it may happen that feverol persons, who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this a fly are seized of an efiate tally in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenementj, qr. hereditaments, which entaily with the ren*ainders thereupon expeftanty they havey by lawy power to defeat and bar either by levying asine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by Jurrender or Jurrenders thereofy whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenementsy or hereditamentsy would be liable to the payment of their debtsy and be delivered up according to the terms of this afty for the benefit of their creditors \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in every such cafe, such person or persons fo seized as aforesaid, and who (hall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this adt, (hall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seized of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee : provided the same (hall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in see 5 any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding. Aflignefstnay LXL And whereas many persons who may take the benefit of this apply for surat 

Creditor intending to oppose the discharge of a prisoner, to 

ive him four ay notice thereof. 

or pay the expenses of his application, etc. 

No fugitive to obtain a discharge after O t. 1, 1780. 

Persons seized of an estate tail claiming the benefit of this alt, are to deliver up the jfame to creditors. 

Annedetimo octavo Georgii III c.52., 109 

have been gr/at dealers, or otherwise engaged in large tranfac there examina tions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great debts and touch 

demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to thee dlfcoj 

equities of redemption of efiaies, Jubjefi and liable to mortgages, judge very of their ments, and other encumbrances, or to reversions, remaindersy!or other effetts, * contingent ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trujls or interefis in efiaies, both real and personal, which may not be Juffiiiently deferibed or difeovered in the schedule, or inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjujl, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enabled by the autho V 

rhy aforeiaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the respective afligneesof the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who (hall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of this at, or another person or persons duly authored by them for that purpose, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, where such person or persons (hall be then redding, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; whereupon and justice such justices (hall send for, or call before them, such person or mav (end for persons, by such warrant, summons, way, or means, as they exanu"|c shall think fit; and, upon such perfon’s appearing, (hall examine ingty.acc° him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such assignee (hall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person or persons; and if any person or persons (on payment, or tender of payment, of such reasonable Person refu charges as such justices (hall judge sufficient) (hall neglect or ^pp'ar* refute to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be onoathfmay made known to (uch justices, and by them allowed, or, being be committed, come before them, (hall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices (hall be put to him, her, or thebi, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, fo vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or in such aflignpes as aforesaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, (he, or they, (hall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as (hall, by such justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid. percent. 

LXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefcid, Silvering That all and every such person and persons, who (hall, within wjthin twelve twelve months after the discharge or such prisoner or prisoners, month, any voluntarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of such Part f a pri debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as (hall not be com not coin rifed prised in fitch schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, fche 

1. shall dule. 

(^ooq le 

i to Anno derimo octavo georgii Iff. c.52. {177$; 

difojiarge obtained fraudii' kmly, void. 

Persons concealing any citate or effects of the prisoner, forfeit 100i and double value, witn treble colts of luit. 

(hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per tentum, out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors’ estate which (hall be recovered on such difeovery, and which (hall be paid to such perlon or persons fo difeovering the same, by the assignee or af — lignecs of such prifoner’s estate and effects. 

LXIII Provided always, and be it enacted, that'notwith ftandng the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of this a, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such cafe, every such discharge (hall.be void, and of none effedh 

LXIV And,, for the bettir difeovery of the estate and effetts of any prisoner who Shall be discharged by virtue of this afl* be it enacted by the authority aforefeid, That any person or persons who (hall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and (hall wilfqlly conceal or protect any estate, real or personal, of any such prisoner, from his creditors, and (hall not within thirty days after any assignee or afiignees shall, in purfaance of this abe chose of any such prifoner’s estate, difeover and disclose to such assignee or afiignees such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or afiignees, he, (he, or they, lo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, fo concealed, to and for the life of the creditors of any such prisoner, •, be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at iveftminjier, in the name or names of the assignee or afiignees of such prifoner’s estate, together with treble costs of fuit. 

Affignres, content of tue majority in vnlue of the creditors, may compound for debts due to the prisoner estate i 

and may submit any dif 

suit relating hereto to arbitration } 

LX V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall be lawful, at ail times hereafter, for any assignee or afiignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, who (hatl be chose in pursuance of this at, by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prifoners’ creditors, who (hall be present at a meeting, to be held on twenty-one days public notice being previously given, for the purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette if the prisoner was incuftody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in feme newspaper which (hall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person (hall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors, or accountants, to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same (hall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such com po sit ion, be gotten in soil discharge of such debts and accounts, and also to submit any difference or dispute between such atfl gnee or afiignees, and any person or persons, for or on account, or by reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing relating to foch prisoner or prifoners’ estate and effic&s, or to any debt dr debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be Ghofen by the stud assignee or afiignees, and the major pert in 

value 

1778.} Anno deeimo octavo Georgii HI. C 52. 111 

value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have m difference 5 and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise jro settle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee oraffignees, with such consent as aforesaid, (hall think fit and can agree; and the same (hall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (half fairly do in the premises, in pursuance of this ad. 

LX VI And whereas frovifion ought to he made as to what Should If assignee become of tlx ejlate and effcqs of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive uhc 

or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any assignee or af 1^^°, fignees chose pursuant to the directions of the ftveral afls, at the time g0t in, and of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, executors, their heiri, administrators, and offigns, rcfifed to aft or meddle therein; to ej£* refuse te remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cafes, it (hall and ££ 

may be lawful to and for the creditors of every such prisoner or appointed prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chufc a new assignee or assignees in manner and form as herein before is directed, and to and creditors obtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his de to obtain a puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, j^tvom the pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the clerk of tfte said justices are hereby required and unpowered to direct, (on peace, which due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such tor thea mer assignee or assignees, arid refusal of his or their heirs, execu arc t0 tors, administrators, or assigns, to a d or meddle therein); and Clerk of the the said derk of the peace, or his deputy, tovyn clerk, or other p«»ce tobey officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to fnoaffign * obey the feme, and execute foch assignment accordingly, in ment had bees manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made, made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and dirodions made by this ad relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this ad, for disobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever 5 and m cafe any such assignee or assignees (nail die, and bis heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, (hall refixfe to ad, that then, and in such cafe, it (hall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or afli|neesv with the like powers and authorities as are given by this ad; and the said justices (hall have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account apd deliver up all such estate and eflfeds as (nail remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this ad. 

LX VII And to the intent and purpose that the tfiate and effects Assignees of such prisoner or prtfontrs as hall be difebarged by virtue of this Sp ad may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or Efficiency, their real creditors) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That fraud, mif* 

it 

management, or other mif bchaviourj 

the court thereupon is to futnenon 

think, fit 

in Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.52. [177$* 

it (hall and may be lawful to ani for the refpeflive courts at wejimirjjler^ and the courts of great sessions in Waks^ and the principality of Chejier% and the counties palatine of Lancaster and Durham, refpeflively, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed; or where the process issued out of any other court to and for the judges of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurifdidions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such prisoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, miimanagemenr, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or af lord makeluch ^snees> ancj appointing any new assignee or assignees in the 01 tiers therein place or dead of such assignee or assignees foto be removed or as tney (hall displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects o£any such prisoner for the benefit ot the refpediive creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners (hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or a, ffignees fo removed or displaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before veiled in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid;; thing in this acl contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

LX VIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cales where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners. who (hall be discharged in pursuance of this adl, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath as aforesaid, the refpediive assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to (late and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adttng as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town t clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what (hall appear to he justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly dated. 

Persons com LXIX And whereas many persons are often committed on attach mitted for not ments contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under a^rd^ectun^ fubmijjions to arbitrators by rules of courts or under fubmijjions to ar der fubmif titration bonds > and which fubmijjions have been made rules of court, 

in 

Where mutual credit his been 

fiven, the ahnee to he ft a ted and allowed. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 52. 113 

in pursuance of an at faffed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign ons toaibi oj William the Third, for determining differences of arbitration; and trat, on * iikewife for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed and for not by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose \ p*y»ng cotti eiljo upon any writ of Excommunicato Capiendo* or other process etc' 

Tor, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any eccleftjlual court, or for any contempt to such court, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such persons are entitled tc* arc and (hall be entitled to the benefit of this ad, on and subject th? benefit of to the same terms' and conditions as are herein expressed and lh, sa declared with respect to prisoners for debt only. 

LXX And whereas great numbers of people have been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon processes ijfuing out of courts of con jctence\ it is hereby enacted and declared. That all such prison pdfonersup ers shall be entitled to have the benefit of this ad, and be dif of coumof ° charged under the same, provided he, (he, or they, conform to conscience. to the dircdions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoners have the bene who shall be discharged by virtue of this ad. fit ot thw 

LXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quaker's af that in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the fo, fii mation to letnn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, (hall and may " m 1 

be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person make ta 

ing such affirmation, who (hall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, (hall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this ad upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury. * 

LXXII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Person who authority aforesaid. That no person who (hall have taken the benefit cfany benefit of any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent insolvent ad debtors, within the space of ten years lad pad, shall have or re within ten ceive any benefit or advantage of or under this ad, nor be deem y, ca!, *1ctx' ed to be within tfie intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be dif lh “t *3 iroin. charged under the same; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithdanding; unless such person (hall be will Exception, ing to Serve, and (hall actually enter himself to Serve on board some one of his majedy’s (hips of war for the term of Seven years, or (hall inlid as a Soldier in some of his majedy’s land forces for the term of three years. 

LXXIII And be it further enacted. That when any prisoner, Prisoners who who may have taken the benefit of any insolvent ad within the rav^, *akc? space of ten years lad pad, (half under this ad apply for his dif ^ charge, every such prisoner (hall produce to the court (to which ply for dif he (hall make application for such discharge) a certificate in change under writing, signed by an officer properly authorised to engage or lhlsto enlid irien for his majedy’s sea or land Service [as the cafe may sourttwi* bej, Setting forth that he was on the day of ficate, signed 

[infers the date] engaged or inlided [as the by a proper cafe may be] to Serve as a mariner or soldier in his majedy’s sea °.®ccr» r*f pr land Service for the term of which certificate are in 

(hall be atteded by one or more credible witness or witnesses; lifod ro Serve and in cafe such certificate (hall not be produced, or (hall not bis Majtfly Vol. XXXII I. be C 

Anno decimo octavo Geokgii III C 52. f 1778. 

be properly authenticated in manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom any such prisoner (hall be brought he (hall be remanded back to the prison from whence he came there to remain till he (hall have fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or (hall by other legal means sooner obtain his discharge. 

LXXIV Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 

LXX V And whereas bankrupts who have net obtained their certificates and discharge of their debts, under [ome one of the afls relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning of abts of insolvency, as such bankrupts have no schedules tq deliver up according to the terms and conditions of such aqs; never tkclefs, as charge of their many bankrupts are confined in prison for debt only, though they have debt. already delivered up their whole efiates and effefls, or, from a fear of 

being arrested and thrown into prison, are frequently induced to abscond from their homes, and go into foreign parts: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such person or persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or who (hall have been really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and against whom a commission of bankruptcy (hall have since been awarded and issued, and'who hath or have duly conformed, or (hall duly conform, him, her, or themselves to the several afts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prison by a warrant of the commissioners in such commission named,. for contumacy or noncompliance to those laws, and who now is or are in prison for debt, damages, contempt, costs of fuir, or any sum or sums of money due and accrued previous to such commission, or who now arefecreting themselves in fear of their creditors; and (hall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to bailor (hall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any fuit or action for any such debt or debts as aforesaid, (hall and may apply to any one of the judges of the court wherein such process or processes hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to (hew caufe/why such bankrupt oc bankrupts (hold not be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, or arrest as aforesaid, such bankrupt or bankrupts first making oath before such judge, (or if at a distance from such judge, then before a justice of the peace), who is hereby author rifed to administer such oath, that such debt or debts did accrue 

Previous to the issuing such commission; and such bankrupt or ankrupts making it appear to the satisfaction of such court or judge, that be or they nath or have made a full disclosure of hia or their eftdte or effects, and delivered up the same; and such o - plaintiff 

IH 

This aft not to extend to Scotland. 

Clause of relief for bank rupts, who have not obtained certificates and dif 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 52. 115 

plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, or their estate or effefls; and such bankrupt or bankrupts making it appear that he or they hath or have duly conformed him, her, or themselves, to the laws now in force against bankrupts, such judge (hall and may discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such imprisonment or arrest as aforesaid; unless it (hair appear that such com million was fraudulently obtained; such bankrupt or bankrupts cauiing a common appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such fuit or action;; if any such bankrupt or bankrupts (hall be afterwards again sued and arrested, or taken in execution, or imprisoned, in any fuit or action, for such debt or debts; previous to such commission aa fore fa id, any judge of the court wherein such process issued (hall, upon summons of the proper party or parties, immediately discharge such bankrupt or bank ruptsfrom such arrest or imprisonment; nevertheless such bankrupt or bankrupts (hall, in all other respects, be deemed subject to the laws in force against bankrupts; and every sheriff and (heriffs, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of a prison, is and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of such judge’s discharge, to release and fet free such bankrupt or bankrupts out of his or their cuftodv, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any action or actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them, for any escape for or on account thereof. 

LXXVI And whereas many bankrupts, having in all refpcbs Clause with jlrictly conformed themselves to the directions ef the bankrupt lawst respect to have, notwitbjlanding, been unable to obtain their certificates, and ^o^havecon havey on that account, been difeouragedfrom exerting their indufiry in formed them" the pursuit of their several occupations; either living in the moji selves to the unhappy and diflrejfed situation at home, or seeking relief in foreign bankrupt countries, where they can earn and secure to themselves the profit of an ^aw*1 industrious application to business; some of whom have carried with them the arts manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas some relief given in juch parti cular casey might prevent the evils arifmg to the publiek and be an encouragement for such individuals to follow their different occupations at born; be it enacted. That any person or persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January 9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and who bath or have in all things conformed to the several acts now in force concerning bankrupts, by his, her, or their surrender and submission thereto, and who (hall not have been committed for any adt of contumacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained * a total discharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arising or accruing previous to such commission, for want of their certificate, (hall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every such commission relpc&ively, to petition or to apply, by motion of 

12 court. 

114 Ann decimo octavo Georgii III c.52. [1778- 

court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the tiirie being, setting forth the true circumstance of the cafe relative to such commimon and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, shall .have ppwer and authority to dire and order the acting commissioners in the respective commissions named, to certify to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, 

‘ the conformity or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the said acting commissioners being hereby au lordchan thorifed and required foto do); and the lord chancellor, lord im^weredto or ors commissioners, as aforesaid, (hall thereupon 

altow such have power and authority, if he or they shall fo think fit, to dibankrupts' rest and order an advertisement to be inserted in the London Ga certificates, zctte9 for the allowance of such bankrupt’s certificate, (although 

fiened'b* "0t tllc *zmc not appear to ^avc l>cen signed or consented to by fmir fifths of four-fifths in number and value of the said bankrupt’s creditors, their credi agreeable to the laws now in being), in the same manner and 

tor form as if the said certificate had been signed as aforesaid;; 

in cafe no sufficient cause shall be (hewn to the contrary within the time limited by the said advertisement, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt’s certificate, it the like manner as if the same had been signed agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make such other order thereupon, for the relief and discharge of such bankrupt or bankrupts *’ from his, her, or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise, as to.the 

lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, shall seem proper; which certificate, if fo allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the directions of the several laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. 

No person to LXXVII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such receive any bankrupt or prisoner, who knowingly or designedly, by false pretences, shall have obtained from any person or by false ore * pcff°ns money, goods, wares, merchandises, bonds, bills of ex tcnees, have change, promissory notes, or other securities for money, shall obtained mohave or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but ney, goods, the judge, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords commissioners, bonds, etc. or juftjces at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their satisfaction, (hall remand such bankrupt or prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or (he (ball have been brought; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

ll 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 53. 

CAP. LIII 

An act for the more easy and better recruiting of bis Mayejifs land forces and marines. 

WHEREAS, for recruiting bis maje/ljs land forces and Preamble. 

marines, it is necejfary that a new supply of men be forthwith raised, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common conjent and grant in parliament; be it'therefore enabled by the king’s mod excellent majesty, .by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within A levy of and throughout the several and relpedive counties, (hires, •^"kodijed ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parishes, ™!|*}c0 towns, and places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual levy throughout of able-bodied men, to serve his Majesty as soldiers, (hall be Great Britain, forthwith had, made, practised, and put in execution according to the rules and directions of this present alt. 

II And it is hereby further enacted, That the justices of the jufl5ccs f peace of every county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, liberty, or place, ^oncntof within Great Britain, and all and every the persons who were the land tax, named, or otherwise appointed, to be commiftioners for putting and magii in execution an ad of parliament, made and passed at Wefiminjler, tratei. ™ cor in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti g “jan tuled. An act for granting an aid to bis Majejiy by a land tax, to be put tbit ad in raised in Great Britain, /^ the service of the year one thousand even execution j hundred and seventy ftve), or any subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpose, within the several and respective counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said ads, or (hall duly qualify themselves according to this present ad, in that behalf, (hall be commissioners for putting in execution this present ad, arid the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were fo named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the justices of the peace, and magistrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or (hall be in any of his majesty’s commifiions of the peace, or in the magistracy of such corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this ad, who (hall duly qualify themselves according to this present ad in that behalf (although not specially named or ap „ pointed commiftioners by the said ad), (hall be likewise com mifiioners for putting in execution this present ad, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commifiions and jurifdidions respectively: all which commiftioners, bv this an? ad intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby strictly Majesty fr enjoihed and required to use their utmost care and diligence that vice be not 

I 3 his neglected. 

u8 

Armo decimo octavo Georgii III C 53. [1778. 

his majestyy service, in making such levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed or negleaed. 

III And be it further enaaed by the authority aforesaid, That the high (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice for that purpose from the secretary at war, (hall send precepts to the refpeaive bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurifdiaion of the said high (heriff, direaing them to summon the several justices of the peace, and commifiioners of the land tax, within their refpeaive divisions and liberties, to attend at the usual place of meeting in every divifioo, upon a certain day in the said precepts named, within the time limited by the secretary at war, (notice of which day (hall be sent to the war office and admiralty upon the issuing of the precepts by ing to be sent the (heriff), to qualify themselves for the execution of this a;; etc anc ^ stall ihen and there appoint the feve comrniffion ra times and places for the succeeding meetings in each of their tis to appoint refpeaive subdivisions during the continuance of this aa; and the time and the said justices of the peace, and com mi (boners of the land tax, Fucceedine16^ at ^cir meeting, or at some other meeting to be held meeting, and s f°on as lt can be conveniently, (hall issue their precepts to the, issue precepts high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, for the for that pur refpeaive hundreds, lathes, rapes, wapentakes, or other fubdi* hieh confta V sins within the said counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, or biei etc; * divisions, as aforesaid; which precept shall contain an account * of the times and places appointed for the succeeding meetings, 

and (hall be returnable on a day, therein to be named, within twenty days, and not less than fourteen days, from the time of issuing thereof; and such high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, are hereby required forthwith to signify the times and places appointed for such meetings to the several and to give commifiioners residing within their refpeaive diftrias; and the to such mu ^ assembled at such first meeting to qualify tary officers themselves as aforesaid, (hall also give notice of the time and •* ffiail attend place of all and every succeeding meeting, to be appointed as tbit service. aforesaid, to the military officer whom they (hall have learned, by notice frqm the secretary at war, to be direaed to attend this service. 

Sheriffs to be IV Provided always, and it is hereby enaaed, That all rea exocncet^n ^ona^c charges or expenses incurred by any (heriff or deputy curred in the m *hc execution of this aa, (hall be allowed in the ac 

executionof counts of such (heriff at the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, this aa. V And for the encouragement of fit and able per font voluntarily 

Every person t tnter tnt Majejiy's service, be it enaaed, That every such voluntarily in person who (hall, on or before the first day of May, one thou lifting himself, (and seven hundred and seventy nine, voluntarily enter himself Iwuiltv 10® 1 *nto keels maiefty’s service, before the said commifiioners, at their ney m - or any fublequent meeting, (hall, by warrant of any three or more of the said pommiflioners, receive the sum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax, arisen or to arise in the years one thousand seven hundred and fevenry fevea, and one thousand 

High (heriff*, etc. upon notice from the secretary at war, to issue Precept for fummoniog the commil (ioners to meet, and quality them lelve*. 

Notice of the 

*77&*] Anno decimo octavo georgh III C 53. 

find fcvcn hundred and seventy eight, or either of them, then iteing in the hands of any receiver-general, or of any colledor thereof, within the county or place for which the said commissioners are appointed; and thereupon the commissioners then present, or any three of them, (hall forthwith cause such volunteers to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive them; smd (hall cause an entry to be made, in some book to be kept y the said commiitioners, or such clerk as they (hall appoint, of the names of such volunteers, and of the parishes or places of their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where they did fo enter themselves, and of the iums pak) to them, and by whom such payments were made, and of the names of the officers or persons who received such volunteers, and for what regiment or company they were received; and (hall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by three or more of the said commissioners then present, within forty days after the delivery of fuefr volunteers, to be transmitted into the office of his majesty’s secretary at war for the time bing, to be compared with the muster rolls. 

VI And it is hereby declared. That the pay of very such volunteer shall commence from the time that he (hall fo enter himself into his majesty’s service; and that every such volunteer, after he (hall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, during the space of three years, (hall be at liberty (if he think fit) to demand hrs discharge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, (unless the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe such volunteer (hall remain in service during the continuance of wai); and such difebarge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of such colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly, on pain of suffering the penalties usually inflicted for disobedience to orders; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

VII And it is hereby further enacted, That the warrants by this ad directed to be issued by the said commissioners for the encouragement of volunteers as aforesaid, (hail be satisfied by (iuch receivers or colledors as aforesaid, to whom such warrants dull be directed, without any abatement for fees, gratuities, charges, poundage, or any other pretence whatsoever, and (hall be allowed upon their accounts; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said receivers general, and their re foedive deputies, and the said colledors of the land tax money, or any of them, upon the summons of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (frail attend at the said meetings for receiving volunteers as aforesaid, and duly pay to the said volunteers the rewards preferibed by this ad, as they will answer at their peril any delay or obstruction to his Majesty's service which may happen by their defaults. 

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it (hall 

14 be 

119 

Volunteers to be delivered over to the military officers; and an entry to be made of their names, placet of abode, etc. 

Duplicates of entries to be transmitted to the war office. 

Volunteers to receive pay from the time of their entering; 

and to be di recharged at the end of 3 years, or of the war, if they demand it. 

Warrants for 

bounty money to be paid without any deduction. 

receivert ge neral, and colledors, to attend meetings of commissioners, and pay the bounty. 

40 s. of every 31. paid out of 

120 Anno decimo octavo Gecrgii 111. C 53. £1778• 

the land tax, be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the 

!ntocthepexd trcafuiy fr l*lc me be, ng*to cauk forty (billings of every three cnequer by pounds of the money which (hall be supplied out of the land tbepaymatters tax money for the years one thousand seven hundred and seven ot tue loices. ty seven, and one thousand seven hundred and l’eveniy eight, or either of them, for payment of the encouragements aforesaid, to be repaid into his majesty’s exchequer, by the respective paymasters of his majesty’s forces, out of such money as they (hall receive for the said forces, to make good the refpeefive credits on the said land taxes, and to be applied to the satisfaction of such principal and interest (if any) as (hall be remaining thereupon. Commission IX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore erkimpowered That the said commissioners, or any three or more of Maas are them, in their respective places or stations, (hall be, and arc 

herein de hereby authorised and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause 

(bribed | to be raised and levied, at any time or times during the continuance 

of this ad, within their several limits and jurifdidions, all able bodied idle and disorderly persons, who cannot, upon examination, prove themselves to exercise and induftriouily follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some substance ^ for their support and maintenance, to serve his ma in jefty as soldiers; and to require and command all and every the o^panvand high constables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty town officers $ constables, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parish and toihrn officers, or any of them, within their respective limits, and jurifdidions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the perform and to meet ance of this his majesty’s service j and for that purpose the said In their fub commissioners, or any three of them, are to meet in their re qivuions, fpedive subdivisions, according to the appointment of the justices and iflfue ge and commiflfoners as aforesaid, and to iftue out their warrants, aramntafor unc*cr their hands and seals, thereby requiring and commanding bringing be fo°h churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty constables, fore them, at headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, or their second elfe requiring and commanding the said high constables to issue subdivision their preccpts to such churchwardens, overseers, petty confta pehonfwithin hies, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other parish and town thedefeription officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make, or cause to of this ait. be made, a general search within their respective parishes, town (hips, conftablewicks, or other places, for all such persons as they can find, who are or (hall appear to them to be within the defeription of this ad, and to bring all such persons before the ' commissioners who have power to execute this ad in and for 

such county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, or division, at such time and place as (hall have been appointed, by the justices and commissioners as aforesaid, for the second meeting of the said commissioners, in their respective subdivisions, which time and place Subfrquent (hall be prefixed in the said warrants and precepts respectively; meetings to be anc afterwards the said commissioners, within their respective andpiacetat limits an d»vifions, Hiall meet at such convenient time or times ihail be as they (hall think fit, in order to utue their like warrants or thought fit. pre 

^ ooqle 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo georgii III c.53. 

precepts for making general searches for persons within the said description, and for bringing them before the commissioners at any future times and places appointed by the justices and com mifiioners as aforesaid, during the continuance of this aft. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective places or (Unions, (nail be, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to raise and levy, and to cause to be railed and levied, to serve his Majesty as a soldier, (at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, and subject to the several rules and regulations herein before specified, for the railing and levying persons who have no lawful trade or employment), any tit and able person who (hall be convicted of running goods to the value not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of any punishment or penalty to which such person may be liable by any law now in force for preventing the running of goods; or any tit or able person who shall be taken in the act of running goods, and be thereof convicted before one or more of his majefly’s justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed. 

XI Provided always. That in cafe the second meeting appointed to be held in any subdivision, (hall be at fo great a distance of time as may render it inconvenient to issue warrants for bringing persons before such commissioners at the second meeting, then the commissioners of such subdivision respectively may adjourn themselves to some convenient day, previous to such second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid. 

121 

Person convicted of running good to the value of 401. may be levied at soldiers, in lieu of all legal penalties. 

If the second subdivision meeting be too distant, com milfionerimay adjourn to a previous day. 

XII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it (hall After fuchfe and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens, oyerfeers of corn! meeting, the poor, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other of paari^e®ffiue/* ficers of any parifti or township, or any of them, at any time ^ff^re ** after the said second meeting of the said commissioners, having such persona proper warrant or precept as aforesaid, to search for and ap ascomewithin prebend all or any such person or persons as they, or any of t^delcriptioa them, (hall find, or (hall appear to them, or any of them, to be an<j convey within the description of this aft, and to convey such person or rhem before a persons before one or more of the justices of the peace of the justices county, (hire, ftewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they (hall have been fo apprehended, to be examined; and if the said justice or justices (hall judge the person or whomaycom persons, fo brought before him or them, to be within the demit to feription of this aft, it (hall in that cafe be lawful for the said p'tac^5^he U justice or justices to grant a warrant for Securing such person or nt meeting persons (in cafe they (hall think it necessary) in the gaol or house of the com of correction, or other proper place of Security, of the county, tmlfioneri^tc. town, or place, where such persons (hall be apprehended $ and the keeper of such gaol or house of correction, or other proper 

!lace of Security, mall receive such person or persons without ee or reward, and the parifti officers (hall allow such keeper sixpence by the day for each person, during the time that thejr 

Lioovle 

commissioner to examine thefaid persons. 

and, if found proper for the Service, to deliver them to the military officers. 

Officers to five receipts tor them i 

and to pay to the panlh officers, for their trouble, 20 s. for every fucb man; 

and to the churchwardens, etc. from tos. to 40 s. if such man have a wife or family, 

as (hall be fettled by the co m million ersj 

and 6 d. per diem to the 

fiarifti officers or the time they (hall have kept him. 

Disputes relating thereto 

Anno decimo octavo Georgn III c.53. [1778-. 

(hall remain there; and (hail convey them before the commissioners, at their next meeting for tiding of soldiers, to be examined, and (if judged by the said commissioners to be within the description of this adt) tp be lifted and delivered into his majesty’s service, according to the true intent and meaning hereof. 

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commissioners for executing this a, who (hall attend this service at the place or places for lifting soldiers as aforeiaid^ (hall strictly examine the persons who (hall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, head boroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officer as aforesaid; and in cafe the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, upon examination of the persons fo brought before them, ftpll find that such persons (hall come within though deferiptions herein mentioned, and the said commissioners, and the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to receive the impressed men, (hall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as soldiers in his majesty’s service, then, and in such cafe, the said commissioners (hall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as (hall be appointed to receive such recruits as aforesaid;; officers or persons giving a receipt under their hands, acknowledging what men are lo delivered to him or them, which receipt they are hereby required to give. 

XIV And be it further enatfted, That the respective officers who (hall receive such new raised men, (hall pay to the clerk appointed by the commissioners, for the use of the officers of the parish or town fo employed in the nrffing such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty (billings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man fo raised; and (hall also pay, for every such new raised man who (hall have a wife or family, any sum not exceeding forty (billings, nor less than ten (billings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed, into the hands of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit of such parish or township in which such new raised man (hall have gained a settlement, and whose wife or family may become chargeable to such parish or townfh'.p respectively; .which sum (hall hi fettled by the commissioners present at the meeting when such person (hall be enlisted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number or children, or other particular circumstances of such person fo enlisted; for both which payments the clerk (hall give a receipt; and the sum of sixpence per diem for keeping every such new raised man who (hall be delivered as aforesaid, according to the number of day that the officers of the said parish or townhall have kept him in custody, pursuant to the powers granted by this aft, until such delivery; the said allowances of twenty millings, and of 

six 

1778.] .Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 53. 11j 

(ixpence per ditto, in cafe of dispute, to be ascertained and dito be fettled ftribmed to or amongst the said churchwardens, overseers, con jlables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and such other pari(h and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgement and direction of the said commissioners, or the major part, of them then present. 

XV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au commission thority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any three or 

more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby aulho ncy allowed to rifed and empowered, by and out of the said sum of twenty hil parish officers lings, herein before directed to be paid for the use of the officers * «• to the of the parish or town fo employed in the raffing of such men, to jv**1 allot and order such sum as they (hall think fit, to the respective 0 high constables, within their refpetfive limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and Service in the execution of this at, not exceeding the sum of two (billings. 

XVI Provided always. That no person (hall be enlisted by able-bodied the said commissioners, by virtue of this aft, who is not such 

an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free 00 m 1 

from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or 

infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a 

soldier; and that no man be enlisted for his majesty’s Service by and none un 

virtue of this act, who (hall appear, in the opinion of the com jj?’ ** n°lfl 

miflioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive the im Sf age^etl 

pressed men, to be under the age of Seventeen years, or above 

the age of fortyfive years, or who (hall be under the size of five 

feet four inches without (hoes. 

XVII And, for the better preventing any disputes which may Ptrfom dif 

arise about paying for the fubfifence of those persons who, having thede! 

been apprehended and detained by virtue of this aft, may afterwards scription of be difebarged upon examination before the commissioners and military this pa officers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if rise not to be any person being judged by the commissioners not to be within *!!^l1theif 

. the deferiptioh of this aft, (hall be by them discharged, the of pen 1 fleers of the pari(h or townhall be entitled to no consideration for their expenses in keeping such person; and if any person If within the being judged by the commissioners to be within the defeription de!fnp£ja^ of this aft, (hall be rejected by the military officer, such officer ™ office, be (hall pay to the officers of the pari(h or town (ixpence per diemf (hall pay the for the whole time that they (hall have kept every such person, expenses of to be charged to the account of his respective regiment or com keepingtbenu pany; and every officer who (hall object to any person delivered obje&ionsto to him by the commissioners, (hall specify his objection to such be Specified, person, whether it (hall be to his age or size, or bodily disability, and the grounds of such objection (hall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the said commissioners, and they (hall proceed accordingly; and every officer who (hall refuse or dif ***j°n$ °* charge any person delivered to him by the commissioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the defeription of this act, (hall, tothefecre without delay, transmit to his majesty’s Secretary at war, his rea tary at war. (bn for such refusal or discharge, in writing, attested hv himself. 

XVIII And 

” 4 

Inhabitants 

required to be assisting herein. 

to t. premium to such as (hall discover any 

rarpe^lun, le be inis lied. 

Clerks to be appointed by the commissioners at their first general meeting 

and at fubdi iifion meetings. 

Clerks to be paid by the officer % s. for every man in listed. 

The second and sixth lection i of the articles of war to be read to oew raited men. 

Names of the man, parish, time of enlisting, etc. to be entered in a book. 

Attested copy thereof to be 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 53. [1778. 

XVIII And it is hereby enacted and ftridmy enjoined by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish and townlhipj where any persons deferibed as aforesaid do abide, or are to be found, at the instance of anyone or more of the commissioners appointed for the execution of this a, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or cooftable, of the same parish or township, (hall (not having a lawful or reasonable excuse to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his majesty’s service by this adt deferibed. 

XIX Jnd9 to encourage fucb inhabitants and others to ajjijl in discovering and apprehending such persons deferibed as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person (hall discover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to serve his Majesty within the defeription of this adt, fo that he dull be apprehended and enlisted before the commit fioners as aforesaid, (uch person, for every man fo difeover ed and enlisted, (hall receive, from the officer to whom such man (hall be delivered, the sum of ten (billings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the officers of the parish or town for every man enlisted by virtue of this a, and the remainder only of the said twenty (billings shall, in that cafe, be paid to such officers. 

XX And be it further enadied by the authority afopefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commifiioo ers, at their first general meeting assembled, to appoint a clerk to attend them, then and at each of their subsequent meetings; and for the commissioners of the several subdivisions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their rcfpcduve meetings in each subdivision wherein soldiers are to be lifted as aforeiaid; and such respective clerks, as a reward for their labour and pains in the execution of this adt, (hall be entitled to, and (hall receive, for every man who (hall be lifted in pursuance of this adt, at the meetings whereon they (hall respectively attend, the sum of two (billings of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective officer who (hall receive such new raised men respectively. 

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commissioners, or such of them as (hall be present at such meeting for lifting of foldiexs as aforesaid, (hall cause the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion, to he read to such new railed men, in the presence 8f the said commissioners then tficre $ and the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, (hal forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them or their clerks for that purpose, of the names of such new raised men, and of the parishes or places of their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where such men were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and for what regiment or company they were fo received, and the sums paid $ and (hall cause 

true 

X 

*778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.53. 125 

true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by the said transmitted, commissioners, or any three or more of them then present, with J *^ forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, to be adrairajty, *tc. transmitted into the admiralty, or office of his majesty’s secretary at war for the time being, to be compared with the muster roll; and every clerk, for every neglect or default in not trans on penalty of mining the said copies or duplicates of such entries to the ad 10 * mnralty, or office of the secretary at war, as aforesaid, (hall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Application Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such °* lbc penal person or persons who (hall inform or fuc for the same, in some tjr’ of the courts of record at Wtjlminjler^ or the court of sessions in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the pay of evsry such Commence, new raised man, fo delivered to the officers or persons appointed ment of folio receive them as aforesaid, (hall commence from the time 0f dier«payj his being taken and secured as aforesaid; and from and after After article such delivery as aforesaid, and reading the said articles of war, of war arc every person fo raised (hall be deemed a listed soldier to all in tents and purposes, and (hall be subject to the difeipline of war, to martial law. and, in cafe of desertion, (hall be proceeded against as a deserter by any law now in force, or by any law to be made for punish tnent of deserters; and no person fo lifted (hall be liable to be taken out of his majesty’s service, by any process other than for some criminal matter. 

XXII Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the au commtflion thority aforesaid, That it (hall be lawful for the commissioners, ^cnt ** who (hall have been present at any such meeting where any new * raised man (hall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the emit, may, major part of them, upon the demand of such man, or of any upon demand other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk within four I days after such meeting, and by him notified to each of the said jn*t a further 

commiflidners, to appoint a further meeting of the said commis meetingi fioners, to be hoi den within six days after the making of such demand, unless the party appealing (hall require a further reasonable time; and if, upon further and more certain informa ^ot tefbe lion, the said commissioners, or the major part of them at such within the de fur the r meeting, (hall find that such new raised man was not, feription of at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within the this are defeription of this ad, they are hereby required to certify the fo^e^the^ same, under their hands and seals, to his majesty’s secretary at secretary at war, who, on the receipt of such certificate, (hall cause the man war, who to be forthwith dischargedj and the recruiting officer (hall, on cause the such perfon’s receiving his discharge as aforesaid, cause to be J! ^ H 

Eaid to such man the sum of one (hilling for each day he (hall ave been fo detained in the service as aforesaid, to be allowed orto such officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above such each day be ftbfiftence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by (hall have been the commissioners (hall repay to such officer (without see or detained, other dedudion) the several sums before paid to him by the said C cr, C officer, and (hall give back the receipts taken as above directed ^ exchange for a copy of the man’s discharge 5 and in cafe no full, received 

such of him, etc. 

126 

If no discharge be obtained, clerk to pay over the turns deposed to the proper periods. 

None to be enlisted till the Turns payable by the officers are first paid. 

Officers may 

secure im prefied men. 

Keeper to be a»lo*ed fheir iabfiftence money. 

Civil officers to be aiding in securing them, and to be allowed for their trouble. 

coratniffion ers may levy a fine, not * exceeding 101. on gaoler for escape of men, 

and on parish officers for neglect of duty. 

Person ob ft ruling the execution of 

Anno decimo octavo Georoii III c.53. [1778. 

such discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then though said clerk (hall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the time that such new raised man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without fee or deduction, to the persons respectively entitled thereto under the directions of this act, the several fuens deposited in his hands for that purpose. 

XXIII Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained shall be construed to extend to empower the said commissioners to enlist any personas a soldier, until the several sums herein directed to be paid, by the respective officers appointed to receive such new raised men, shall be first paid to the person or persons respectively authorised to receive the same. 

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the officer or officers, and other person or persons, appointed to attend the said commissioners, and to receive such impressed men, shall, in cafe he or they shall find it necessary, secure such imprefted men in some secure house or place, to be provided by the justices of the peace, in their petty or fpeci^l sessions, for that purpose; but in cafe no such house or place shall be fo provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where futh man shall be received into his majesty’s service, or in the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, town, or place, where debtors are not usually confined; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, of prison, shall receive such impressed men, until they can be removed, without fee or reward; and such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence for such meo during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the constables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, shall (if required) be assisting to such officer in conveying such man or men to such secure place, goal, or house of correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable sum or sums as the major part of the commissioners then present shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require such assistance. 

XXV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impoie upon any gaoler, or keeper of a house of correction, or prison, who shall suffer any person committed to his custody, in pursuance of this act, to escape; or upon any high constable, churchwarden, overseer, petty constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default, in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners, and to pay the laid fine to the informer or informers. 

XXVI And be it furthef enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever dull wilfully do any 

act 

1778.] Anno dedmo octavo georgh III c.53. 127 

a<sl or thing whereby the execution of this adi, in the searching tw*»fiu» 

for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, tor'clt io 

(hall be hindered or frustrated, every such person (hall, for 

every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, 

to the use of the informer or informers 5 and all and every such 

offences may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by 

any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling 

in or near the place where such offence (hall be committed; 

who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by which maybe 

distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering livid by di 

the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offenders have 

no goods and chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty, then 

to commit him or her to the county gaol or house of correction, 

thereto remain for the space of three months, without bail or 

mainprize. 

XXVII Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That Voters for this act (hall not extend to the taking or levying any person to n, cher °* fcrve as a soldier, who (hall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners then present, that he hath any vote in the be lifted, cie&ion of any member or members to serve in parliament, in any county, city, borough, town, port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain. 

XXVIIL And it is hereby enacted. That no person who, at No military the time of the execution of this at, (hall have any military of officer roay (ke or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia) iloi^mrol * (hall execute any power or authority by this at given to com mifltoners as aforesaid. 

XXIX And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action, plaint, fuit, or information, (hall be com a^10118, menced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he 

or they (hall do in purfttance or execution of this adt, the same (hall be commenced within six months after the offence committed; and such perfoh or persons fo sued, in any court what,, soever, (hall and may plead the general ifiue, not guilty, and General iffut. upon any issue joined, may give this aft, and the special matter in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff or prosecutor (hall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict pafs against him, the defendant (hall recover treble costs; for which they (hall have the tyke remedy as in Treble cots any cafe where costs by the law are given to defendants. 

XXX Andy for the better obviating such frauds and abujes as may be praflifed in difeharging of soldiers, it is hereby further enacted 

by the authority aforesaid. That no private soldier, who No soldier or (hall be duly lifted into his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, (during the time foch soldier (hall remain in Great Britain) w'iciioufa cer (hall be discharged from his Majesty's service, without thexon tificite from frnt of the colonel, or, in his absence, the field officer command tot colonel, ing in chief the regiment, first had and obtained in writing"urt ctc* der their hands and seals for that purpose; in which writing the cattfe of his difehargfe (hall ber expressed, and & duplicate or copy of which a of every fuoh discharge forthwith transmitted to the secretary at duplicate to 

be tranfnoitud 

138 

to the secretary at war. 

Officer breaking this order to oe cashier td. 

Impressed men, after 5 years service, to be discharged, if they demand it. 

Clerks to be rewarded for their trouble in t ran emitting dupli cates, etc. 

His Majesty, when a sufficient number of men (hall be raifod, may, by proclamation, etc. suspend the execution of this aft; ormayfufpend or enforce it in any county or place. 

Persons employed in the execution of this ad, exempted from the penalties of ads JK5 Car. a. 

Anno decimo odavo Georgii III C 53. [1778. 

war, to be by him kept and entered in a book; or if a marine, without the consent of the lord high admiral, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, first: had and obtained; and any officer that (hall presume to discharge any soldier enlisted pursuant to this act, in any other manner contrary to this ad, (hull, .for such offence, be calhiered. 

XXXI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That every person who (hall be impressed upon this ad, after he (hall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, during the space of five years, (hail be at liberty, if he think sir, to demand his discharge from the colonel, or, in his absence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, unless the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe such person (hall remain in service during the continuance of war; and such discharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of such colonel or officer, who is hereby empowered and requited to give the same accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXIL And be it further enacted. That the said several clerks to the said commissioners, provided the said copies or duplicates be duly transmitted into the office of the admiralty, or secretary at war, as aforesaid, (hall have and receive, by the hands of the paymasters of his majesty’s land forces and marines, or one of them, such rewards as the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, upon consideration of the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, bo roughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this service, (hall judge the said clerks severally and refpedivelv to deserve. 

XXXIII Provided always. That his Majesty, when he (hall be satisfied, by the said returns of the commissioners, or otherwise, that a sufficient number of recruits in the whole (hall be raised for his present service, may be graciously pleased to suspend or stop the further execution of this ad, by proclamation, or order in council, or other public notice in the London Gazette; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXIV Provided also. That his Majesty, when he (hall judge it expedient for his service, may at any time suspend or enforce the execution of this ad, in any county or place of Gnat Britain, by notice from his majesty’s secretary at war; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no commissioner, churchwarden, oversee constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, who (hall be employed in the execution of this ad, (hall be liable, for or by reason of such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned, in an ad made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, For preventing dangerswhich may happen from popish recusants or in one other ad, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary 

(entitled. 

!77$0 Anno decimo o&avogeorgii III c.53. 129 

(entitled. An act for abrogating the oaths of allegiance and fupre• 1 gui Sc Mar. maty, and appointing other oaths); or in one other act, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King william, the Third, ( entitled, An act & *4 

for the further security of his majejiys person, and the frcctjfton of u * 5* the crown in the protejlant line; andfor the extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors.) 

XXXVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That no per Commission 

fon or perfoos, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or comers in England missioner for any county, riding, city, borough, cinquc porr, * 

or place, of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (except such taken the 

as duly qualified themselves to be justices of the peace, or com oarbs ap miflioners for executing the fa id a & for the land tax made and panted by passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any as subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpose), (hail be ( capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commissioner or commiflicners in the execution of this ad, or executing any the powers of the commissioners therein mentioned, (unless it be the power hereby given of administering oaths), until such time as he or they respectively fliali have taken the oaths appointed by an ad of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of King william and Queen Mary, inti 1 Gu! Mar. tuled. An act for the abrogating the oaths of supremacy, and allegi €ittce, and appointing other oaths); and also in the said ad, (entitled, An act for the further security of bis majejiy's person, and the nd & *♦ of the crown in the protejlant line; and for cxtinguifnng the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors); which oaths it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said commissioners to, administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said commissioners; and that no person j}or commis or persons, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or commissioners for any parr of Scotland, (except such as duly qualified equalised themselves, according to the laws of Scotland, to be commis themselves as fioners there for executing the said ad for the land tax made and rh *1til€rc parted in the fifteenth year of his present majestyyreign, or any subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpose), (hall be capable of acting as a commissioner or commissioners in the execution of this present ad, in any part of Scotland until such time as he or they respectively (hall have duly qualified thfcm selves, according to the laws of Scotland, for that purpose. 

XXXVII Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any comnvfflon person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, emn England town, or place, in England, ivales, or Berivict upon Tweed, (except 

as before excepted) (hall presume to ad as a commis taujn fioner in the execution of this ad, before he (hail have taken the oaths, said oaths which by this ad he is required to take, and in the manner hereby preferibed, he (hall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or forfeit tool, on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his majesty’s Yol. XXXII K courts 

Commissioners for the county, ttc. at large, may a d for any city, etc. 

Anno dedmo octavo Georgii III c.53. [1778. 

courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and commis and that if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any jioner*inscot* (hire, ftewartry, burgh, or place ill Scotland, (except as before an *50 * excepted), (hall presume to ad as a commissioner in the Execution of this ad, before that he (hall have qualified himself according to the laws in Scotland, he (hall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty sounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer in Scotland, in’ the same manner as any other penalties are there recoverable. 

XXXVIII Provided also. That in cafe there (hall not be a fufikient number of commissioners for any city, borough, town, port, or place, of Great Britain, (fcr which by this ad commissioners are specially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective qualifications required by this ad 5 then, and in every such cafe, any the commissioners appointed for the county, (hire, or ftewartry at large, within which such city, bo » town, or place, doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ad as commissioners in the execution of this ad, within such city, borough, town, port, or place 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no commissioner of the land tax, not being a justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a borough, thall he capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this ad, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county at large, within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Angle fey, Merioneth, Cardigan, Caermarthen, Glamorgany Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the ridings in the county of Tort, unless such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his otfcn estate, by virtue of the fakl ad for the land tax, made and parted in England, in the fifteenth year of his majesty’s reign, or any subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpose; or unless such person fo appointed to be a commissioner (hall, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds, or morse, within the said county or riding respectively \ thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XL And it is hereby further enacted. That if any person awicd prefum intended by this ad to be disabled for the catife last mentioned. 

Qualification ot com mir lioncri for counties at large within Eng land. 

Persons dif 

ing to ad, foiieit 50 I. 

comnvflion trs may ad 

(hall nevertheless presume to ad as a commissioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, every such person, for such offence, (ball forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform or fuefor the same, to be recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid. 

XLI Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That 

o no 

1778.] Anno decirno octavo Georgij TIT. C 53. 131 

‘ no person who i appointed ro be a commiftioner for executing fr an dty, this a d in any part of Grjnt Britain, (hall be disabled, for the **£1*°^ cause last mentioned, from adding as a commiftioner within bitantr.or and for any city, borough, cinque port, or corporate town for inns of only, whereof he shall be an inhabitant at the time of the exe court, cution of this ad, or from adihg as a commifiioncr within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery. 

XLII And whereas Jonte doubts may arise whether mayors, laiu. ffi* another chief magijlrates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate end cingue ports, for which commissioners are penally appointed by virtue of this ah, can afl as commissioners for executing this afi in the faia cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports', be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all mayors Mayor, ba? bailiffs, and aether chief magistrates, who are appointed coinmif to ad 

fioners for executing this ad, shall be, and have power to ad as f, on«ni f^ci comm.ffioners for executing this ad, within and for any city, ally appoint borough, town corporate, or cinque port, wherein they inhabit ed. at the time of executing this ad, as well where commissioners are specially appointed by this ad, as where they are net. 

XLIII And whereas it may often be expedient for his m/efl/s 

service, that the commissioners hereby appointed fall execute this aft in 

cities, towns, or other places, where it may not be convenient to enforce 

the execution thereof through the county in which such city, town, or 

place, hall be refpeflivdy situate be it therefore enacted by the 

authority aforesaid, That the mayor or other chief magistrate of Chief magt* 

every city, town, or place, Hull, upon receiving notice for that it rates of CI 

purpose from the fecretarv at war, immediately proceed to put t, e, clc* upon *■- n • #.. * rirl i nonce from 

this act in execution within their respective junfdidions, in the tf, e fccrerarjr 

same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such mayor or at war, to 

other chief magistrate had received such notice from the (heritf enforce this 

of the county in which such city, town, or place, shall be respectively 

situate;; thing in this ad contained to the contrary didioni? 

notwithstanding. 

XLIV And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no badiffs fol bailiff s follower or afllftant, employed or belonging to any (he tterc jiff, bailiff of liberties, marlhalfea court, or any other person or nat deemed to persons that shall be fo employed by any one that (hall have the f Ho any power of executing any warrant or process whatsoever, shall be calling, deemed thereby to follow or exerclfeany calling or employment, or to have a sufficient support and ma.ntenance, within the intent and meaning of this ad. 

XLV And forrfmuch as great incovcniencies may happen by bn~ prejfwg men during the time of harvest, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Labourer?, day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, un having proper till the twenty-fifth day of October following, no harvest labourer, liable Voor person workiog at hay harvest or corn harvest work, within the he imported time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be from May 15, imprefied by virtue of this ad, but (hall ba'ttee and exempted t0 from the same during the time aforesaid;; they have a certificate under the lunds of the minister, and of one church 

K 2 warden 

*32 

Com million cisior executing this at \%iihin the caitieof York. 

oorntniflion ers for ex cuting th s ad in thrtap wood. 

Officer not attending to receive i reruns, commissioners may adjourn, ant order the detention ot tr>e i id pit fit d men. 

Notice of adjournment to be given to officers at tending xhis fervict, etc. 

Officer to pay fubfiltence money for eveiy recruit, 

and incidental charges. 

Continuance of this ait. 

Anna decimo o£hvo Georgii III c.53. [1778. 

warden or overfecr of the poor, or elders, of the oarilh or place where they live, allowed under the hand and feal of one jufiice of the peace of the same county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or place; fthich certificate shall be given gratis. 

XLVI And for the more easy and better puttingthis aft in ext cut'wiy he it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three or more commissioners for putting this ad in execution in the several ridings of the county of Tor, (being justices of the peace), though not all of the same riding, may, within the castle of Yorky or limits thereof, execute the powers of this ad. 

XLVII And whenas diverse foldierwho have deserted his ma icjlf s service, have been harboured in a certain place called threap wood, lying within or near the counties 0/chefter and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the town 0/ Cuddington in the [aid county i/'chcfhrr; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar the commissioners hereby appointed for the county of Chejlery and the officers of the laid town of cuddington, fnalh execute this act in the said place called 7hrcopwood9 according to the true intent and meaning thereof. 

XLVI II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if at any of the meetings of the commissioners by this ad appointed in any of their subdivisions, they (hall not be attended by some proper officer appointed for the receiving of recruits, cither through negligence or any unavoidable accident, then, and in that cafe, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for thd said commissioners to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such persons as (hall have .been then brought before them by the parish officers to be enlisted, or such of them as they (hall think duly qualified for his majesty’s service; and the said commissioners (hall give notice to any of the officers attending on this service, in the county or place where such subdivisions (hall lye, of the day of such adjournment; and the said officer is hereby required, either to attend himself, or to appoint some other officer to attend such commissioners, and to receive such persons as the said commissioners (hall enlist into his majesty’s service; and the officers fo receiving the recruits flvall pay, to such per Tonne as the commissioners shall appoint, sixpence per diem for the fubliflence of every recruit then enhfted, from day of the.laft meeting of the commissioners to the said day of adjournment, the same to be. charged to the account of the several regiments or companies into which the said recruits (haft be enlisted, together with such charges and expenses as shall appear to the (aid commissioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the find persons, from the day of the former meeting of the said commissioners to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding three pounds. 

XLIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this ad, and everything herein contained, (hall be and continue in force until the end of the next'felfion of parliament, 

* L And 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 53. 133 

L And be it further enafied by the authority aforesaid, That Form pre the several entries which the commissioners of the land tax are ^ 

by this al required to make, of the names and descriptions of tties' pupliant all volunteers, and also of all impressed men, together with the to this aft. other particulars herein before dire&cd, be made according to the form hereunto annexed. 

Height. d scrip. tic a of the Re. cruits. For V -- hit C run prukj. For what Co: p' entered vo luuunly. | m | C a Officer v>hol rccei V CI or retutrd the J Recruit, and; on wnat Day. 1 

Recruit's Name. ' Ejt 1 I | laches, j i' 03 3 1? IL c r ■ C Or whn Grounds rctuud. 

/ • 1 - 

K 3 C AP. 

<^.ooqle 

Anno deeimo octavo Georgii III c.54. [1778, CAP. LIV 

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Turn of money out of the linking (upd; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the fervice.of the year one thousand fevcn hundred and seventy eight? nd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this (eflion of parliament; and tor carrying to the aggregate fun a sum of moncry which hath arisen by the two sevenths exede. 

preamble. 1.156, 1091. is. 8d. 1 q. granted out of the finking fund, for the : trvice of the current year to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to rale the (aid (urn, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking lund: Alt persons who Dull lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of loan, 'with orders lor iepavment of the money, with interest. Orders to be re gillered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken, on foilcituie of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of regdtery or payment. Auditor, C neglecting his duty, liable for damages, C to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the regiilcring, where orders are brought the same day; nor it (ubftquent orders are paid before others not brought in cdurfe, lo as money be rdeived lor the piecedmg orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it fiiali be judged more advise able, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills ioftead of loans i and te bills in such cafe to be made in the manner prescribed by the land rax aft of this fefiion. All advantages and penalties in the land tax aft of this ftffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made fortn, extended to this aft. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. flank authorised to lend to hi lyiajfttyr the lum of 1, 296, 209!. is. 8d. halfpenny: notwithstanding an act of 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariac. The sum of 703, 790!. 18 s. 3 d. halfpenny, surplus of the finking fund: and 4, 976!. 1 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46, 8151. remaining of the deductions of 6d. in the pound upon all, salaries, C from the crown; and, 9211, 3s. 10d. savings from the pay of his Majesty's national tioops; and 17, 690!. sayings from the pay of sundry regiments; 

'and Inch moneys as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5. 17781 and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; (hail be applied towaids making good the supply. The moneys aiifing by the land tax, malt tnx, lottery aft, loans, (1, 500, 000!.) further Joans, (500, 0001.) vote of credit, and 703.790i, 18s. 3d. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on Ap il 5, 1778, of the furplufics of the finking fund; and 4 976 1 17 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46, 825b remaining of the deductions of 6d. in tilt pound upon all salaries, See. and 37, 911 I. 3 s. lod. savings out of the pay of the national troops; and 27.690!. sayings out of the pay of sundry regiments of foot; and such moneys as fiiali be paid into the exchequer betwem April 5, 1778, and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1, 196, 209b is. 8d. halfpenny, by this aft granted, out of the excesses, CC nnpofing the finking fund; together with the money arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; and also such sums of money as his Majesty (hall direct to be applied to the public (ervice, which (hail arise out of tbc sale of the ced d iihnds in the Welt Indies: fiiali be applied to the uses following; : 3.097, 895b 16s. towards naval services; 'i, ooo, oool. towards paying off dnl difctiarging the debt of the navy: 4000!. to the royal hospital for fed.mu at Greenwich, C 382, 816 b is. 8d. for the charges of the office ot otd nance; 300, 4.83 b 13 s. od for the charges of the office of ordnance not provided fqr in 1777: 4, 8; 3 666b 15s. nd. halfpenny, towards maintaining the land forces of which 634.24.0l 38. ud. for defraying the charges of 10.057 effective men, C and 3113 invalids for guards, C in g<eat Britain, See 960.843b 18$. qkb for forces and garrisons in Africa, ice, 51, 913 b is. 6 d. to make good the difference of pay between the Bri 

*35 

1778.] Anno decimo o<5tavo Gegrgii III C 55. 

ti(h and Irish eftabliffiment of troops serving in America * 71, 473!. 18 s. 6d. halfpenny, tor general and * general staff officers in Great Britain: 56, 0741. 19 s. 46- halfpenny, for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1778: 367, 1031. 98. rod. for 13, 471 troops of Hesse Cassel, C 35, 4411. 19s. i. halfpenny, for two regiments of Hanau, C 1, 6451. 17s. id. to make good a deficiency of a vote of lait session * 8s d. q fora regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 9471. 15s 8d. for 4, 300 Brunfwickers, Sec. 34, 0071.1s. nd. fer 1, 141 troops of bran debourgh Anfpach* 47, 1601. 13s. 3d for provisions tor foreign troops serving in America: 17, 3791.10s. 8d, for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign troops for 1778: 186, 6311. 14s. 6d. tor augmentations of bis Majdty's forces, from their commencements, C 90, 939]. 15 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines: 7111. d. to the two troops ot horse guards reduced, See. 1381. for pensions to officers widows, Sec• *05, 4311. 15s. 5d. to the outpenlioners of Chelsea Hospital: 18, 8951. 5s. ad. tor augmentations of the forces: 80, 3191. 14s. id. for augmentations of the forces, from March 15, to Dec. 14, 17781 401, 6111.9 s. for the embodied militia from March 16, to Dec. 14, 1778: 37, 559 k 7*. 6d. for militia cloaching for 1778: 45, 608k is. for three regiments to be raised in North Britain, from April 15, to Dec. 14, 1778: 18, 071!. 11s. for infantry, cof Anhalt Zerbft : 1, 406, 913 k is. 4d. 1 q. towards extraordinary expenses of the land forces, See. not provided tor: 1 500, 000 k for discharging exchequer bills of last (effion: i, ooo, oook tor paying off the exchequer bills of last session: 19, 100k to make good to hi Majelty the like sum issued in pursuance of the addreffts of the house of commons: 3, 100 k for the civil eftabliffiment of the island of st.john: 1, 8661. for the civil eftabliffiment of Georgia: 4, 7011. 10s. 5d. for supporting the civil eftabliffiment of Nova Scotia: 4, 950k for the civil eftabliffiment of East Florida: 4, 9001 for the civil eftabliffiment of West Florida 1, 371!. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America 13, 000! for maintaining the Britiffi sorts, con the coatt of Africa * 5.550 I. for supporting the civil eftabliffiment of Senegambia: 105, 117k 8s, 3d. for the expenses of recoining the deficient gold coin : 6, 998k 11s. don account of new roads, See. in the highlands of Scotland: 56, 680). as. 6d. for the relief of American civil officers, C 6 400 k to Mr. Moore, for his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3, 000 k to the Rev., Mr. Forlter, fdr his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3, 000k to the Rev. Dr. Flcxman, for ditto; 500k to Mr. Cunningham, for ditto: 9, 075 k 3 s. <iid. to mike good to his Majesty the like Aim issued to Duncan Campbell, for the expense of confining, See. convicts on the Thames : 43, 6111. 10s. 9d. halfpenny, to the linking fuhd, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1777, Sec. and 38.493k as. 7d. halfpenny, to make good the defi.iency of grants for the service of the year 1777.. The said aids to be applied only to ibe uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. By aft 17 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 93, 616k 8 s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying laid officers, to be difpoled of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty (hall direst. 31, 154k 17 s. 8d. : q. remaining in the exchequer of the two fevcnttis excile, to be carried to the aggregate fund. 

CAP. LV 

An act to permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any British plantation in America, or any British /}/ tlenient on th^coajlof Africa; and for further encouraging the ' fijheries and navigation 0/* Ireland. 

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the encouragement of trade, it is amongst other things, emitted. That, 

K 4 from 

Preamble. Aft 15 Car. 1 recited. 

136 

After June *4, 

»77'o, ail 

^ciods, the produce or inctniitaltuie or Jroiand, (except wool, aud woolfbn and cotton inanu failure si hats, glass, hops, gunpowder, and coals)! may be exported from thence dirttly to America, or the coait of A t rica: and all British goods, (except woollen manufactures and glai*)i and aho ad foreign certificate goods. 

Mailer of the 'veljel export ing goods as abovementioned, to po diue a proper cfmficai** to the collector, etc of the colioms at te port of hu arrival $ 

and deliver an invoice of the particulars of tus lading. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 55. f 1778. 

from and after the twenty fijth day of March, one tboufandfix hundred and sixty four, no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, Shall be imported into any land, ijland, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majefiy belonging, or which Shall hereafter belong unto, or be in the pojfejfion of, his Majtjly, his heirs andjuccejfors, in Asia, Africa, or America. (Tangier only excepted), but what shall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and Jhipped in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed: and inherent it is thought proper to allow the exportation of goods, (except as herein asur excepted) directly from the kingdom of Ireland, to the British plantations in America, or into any of the [ettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflcmblcd, and by the authority cf the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one ihoufand seven hundicd and seventy eight, it (hall ant may be lawful to export from the kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the British plantations in America, or the Wejl Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, in (hips or veitels which may lawfully trade to and from thole pkces, any goods, wares, ard merchandise, being the produce or manufacture of Ireland, (wool and woollen manufacture in all its branches mixed or unmixed, cotton manufactures of all sorts mixed or unmixed, hats, glass, hops, gunpowder, and coals, only excepted); and all goods and Commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which have been or may be legally imported from thence into the laid kingdom of Ireland, (woollen manufactures in all its branches, and glass excepted); and all foreign certificate goods, which have been or may be legally imported from Great Britain into Irelandany law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the matter, or person having the charge of every (hip or vessel exporting any such goods from Ireland to the said plantations or settlements, shall, upon his arrival there, produce to the collector or other principal officers of the customs, or other public officer at the port or place where he shall arrive, a certificate, under the hands and feal of office of the collector and comptroller of the cuttoms of the port in Ireland where he took in his lading, that oath had been made before them, by the exporter of such goods (which oath they are hereby authorised to adminitter), that the goods mentioned ip such certificate are bona fide of the produce or manufacture of Ireland; or that the same are of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which had been legally imported from thence into Ireland; or that they are foreign certificate goods, which had been legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland, (as the cafe may be?); and (hall also deliver an invoice of the particulars of his lading to such officers, in the manner directed. 

X 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.55. 

by an ad of parliament, made in the third and fourth years of the reign of Queen Anney entitled. An Qft to permit the exportation Irish linen cloth to the plantations, at\d to prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland; and (hall in all other respects, not altered by this ad, comply with the regulations preferibed by the said recited ad, or any other law now in force in this kingdom, refppding (hips trading to the said plantations or settlements; otherwise such (hips, and the goods laden on board thereon, (hall be subject and liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as if this ad had not been made. 

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to permit the exportation from the said kingdom of Ireland to any of the places aforesaid of any foreign linens, whether the same be white or brown, or checked, or painted, stained, or dyed, in the said kingdom of Ireland. 

IV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be conrtrucd to extend, to any bar iron, to iron slit, rolled, plated, or tinned, nor to any sort of manufadured iron wares, until a duty of two pounds ten (billings per tonne, on such bar iron, and also a dutvof three pounds three (billings and eleven pence Irijk, per tonne, on such flit, rolled, plated, or tinned iron, and manufadured iron wares, exported from Ireland to he British colonics or plantations in America, or to any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, (hall be imposed by some ad or ads of parliament to be made iq the kingdom of Ireland \ and that then, and in such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the commencement of, and during the continuance of, such respective duties, but no longer, to export any such iron or iron wares from the said kingdom of Ireland directly to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any settlement belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, in any (hip or vc(tel that may lawfully trade thither, subject to the regulations herein before mentioned; anything in this ad, or in any other ad, to the contrary not with (landing. 

V Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thbt if any bounty or premium (hall be granted of allowed in Ireland, on the exportation of such iron or iron wares from thence to the said British colonies or plantations, or to any settlement belonging to Great Britain on the coall of Africa then, and in such cafe, the liberty herein before given to export such iron and iron wares thither directly from Ireland, (hall, during the continuance of such bounty or premium, cease and determine; and such iron and iron wares (hall, in all respects, be subject to the like restrictions and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as such goods were and would be liable to if this ad had not been made. 

VI Provided always, and it‘is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no cotton manufadures of any kind, whether mixed or unmixed, (hall be prermitted to be exported 

Proviso relan ing to foreign linens. 

This ad not to extend to bar*iron, or iron wares, till certaia duties are, laid thereon by the i<i(u parliament. 

If any bounty (h 411 be granted in Ireland on the exporta, tion of such iron or iron wares, then the liberty grained by this ad to cease, etc. 

No cotton manufadures to be exported from Ireland to America 

v^ooqie 

*38 

etc without a proper certificate from ' some customhouse in Great Britain $ 

on forfeiture of the goods. 

The liberty hereby granted of exporting Iriffi mall u I afture*, etc. not to take place till duties are laid thereon equivalent to thole on the feme manufactures, etc. in Great Britain. 

Recital of i5geo.3.c.]i. 

and 16 Geo. 3* P 47- 

Anno decimo octavo Gborgii III 0.55, [1778. 

ported from the said kingdom of Ireland to any of thq places aforesaid, unless the perlon or persons exporting the same (hall produce and deliver a certificate properly authenticated frotp the customhouse of some port or ports in Great Britain, particularising the quantities, kinds, and marks, of such cotton manufactures, and specifying that such goods have been legally exported from Great Britain: and in cafe any cotton manufactures shall be offered to be exported from the said kingdom of zr/ land to any of the places aforesaid, without such certificate, or which on examination shall not correspond with the marks, numbers, and deferiptions, contained in such certificate, all such manufactures (hall be forfeited and seized, and appropriated, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors. 

VII Provided always, and it is hereby declared and tnafled. That the liberty hereby granted of exporting goods and merchandise, the manufacture of Ireland, to the places herein befofle mentioned, shall not take place except in such cafes as the said goods and merchandise now do, or hereafter shall, stand chargeable and pay duties and taxes, to as great an amount as goods and merchandise of the same denomination and quality exported from Great Britain to such places now stand chargeable with, (whether the said charges be on the importation of the materials of which the said, goods and merchandise are made, or by duties on the exportation of the same, or by inland excise not drawn back or compensated for by bounties). 

VIII And whereas by an att, made in the fifteenth+year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An acl for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season); it is amongfi other things provided and emitted. That no bounty Shall be allowed or paid for any Jhip or vejjel employed as therein mentioned, by virtue oj the said or any former att of parliament, unless the whole and entire property of such Jhip or vejfel Shall belong to some of his Majtjly's fubjetts residing in that part of his Majesty r dominions from whence such Jhip or vejjel Shall be refpettively fitted and cleared out : and whereas by another att, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the whale blhery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, ard the British dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the customs in the iftand of Newfoundland); it is among, fl other things provided and enatted, That no bounty Shall be allowed or paid for any Jhip which, from and after the first day ef Augult, one thousand seven hundred and je verity six, fioall be fitted out and employed in the whale fishery, in pursuance of the said att, unless the whole and entire property of such jhip or vejfel Shall belong to Jome of his Majesty's fubjetts rejiding in that pari of his Majesty s dominions from whence fitch Jhip or vejfel shall be re jpettively fitted and cleared out \ which said piovijocs have been found 

prtf 

i^ooqle 

*39 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 56. 

prejudicial, inafmucb as they prevent any co partner/hip between his Majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and his Majesty'e jub jells residing in Ireland, for carrying on the said fjhcries; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bounties (hall and maybe allowed and paid for any (hip or vessel, being the property of his majesty’s fubjedis residing in Great Britain or Ireland, employed in the said whale fisheries, which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, (hall befitted and cleared out frojn any port in Great Britain or Ireland, pursuant to the directions of those adls, or any other adt of parliament now in force, although the whole and entire property of such (hip or vessel hall not belong to some of his majesty’s fubjedis residing in that part of his majesty’s dominions, from whence such (hip or vessel (hall be fitted and cleared out; anything in the said recited adls to the contrary notwithstanding. 

IX And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, all (hips and vessels whatsoever built in Ireland, and owned by bis majesty’s subjects residing in any part of the British dominions in Europe, (hall be deemed british built, and (hall be entitled to the like privileges and advantages in all respects as (hips built in Great Britain; and all (hips and vessels belonging to any of his majesty’s subjects residing in Ireland, and not jbritifh bmt, (hall be entitled to the same privileges and advantages in all parts of his majesty’s dominions as (hips belonging to his majesty’s subjects residing in Great Britain, and not British or irish built, are entitled to. 

CAP. LVI 

An all to permit the importation of cot tonne yarn, the manufaflure of Ireland, into this kingdom duty free. 

H E R E A S by an ot7, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fuens of money, payable upon merchandise exported and imported, a duty was mpofed upon all cotton yarn imported into England: and whereas it is expedient that cotton yarn, of the manufacture of Ireland, Should be imported into Great Britain duty free', be it therefore enacted by the king’s rhoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ihis present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no subsidy, custom, duty, or other impofitioo whatsoever, (hall be demanded, received, or taken, upon any cotton yam of the manufacture of Ireland, which (hall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain $ provided the mailer, or person having the charge of 

The bounties in the recited acts mentioned (hall be paid for all, vessels the property of his majesty’s subjects in Great Britain or Ireland. 

After June t 1778, all Arps built in Ireland, and owned by his Ms jetty's European subjects, to be deemed bri tifli'built, etc. 

Preamble. 

Adt 17. Car. C recited. 

After June 14, tt78, cotton yarn, of the manufacture of Ireland, may be imported into 

HO Great Britain duty free; the matter of the veltd bringing with Dim a proper certificate from the officers of the pott where the goods were put on (ward, etc. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III 0.57, 58. [1778. 

the (hip or vettel importing the same, (hall bripg with him a certificate or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the port or place in Ireland where such goods (hall be put on board, expressing the marks, number, tale, or weight, of the goods in each bale or package mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name or names, place or places of abode, of such other person or persons that (hall have sworn the goods therein mentioned to have been bona fide of the manufacture of Ireland, without fraud or covin, and where and to whom the faipe are conligned in this kingdom; and the matter, or person having the charge of the (hip or vettel in which such cotton yarn (hall be imported, (hall also, upon his arrival, make oath, before the collector, or other principal officer of the cuttoms, St the port of importation, (which oath such col!eftor? or other principal officer of the cuttoms, is and are hereby respectively authonfed to administer), that the said bales, parcels, and goods therein contained, are the same bales, parcels, and goods, which were taken on board, by virtue of the said certificate or certificates foto be produced \ any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary nolwithftandmg. 

CAP. LVII 

An act for railing a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the lei vice of the year one thoulaml seven hundred and feveuty ei^ht. 

Preamble. Commissioners of the treafur/ may raise 500, 000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1779, in manner as by the land tax aft of this fefl'1011 is prescribed, etc. i’he ciaules in the (aid aft relating to loans or bills, extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iftued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6; 1779. Action not to lie for such retufal. Money fo raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid \ and if none be granted before July 5, 1779, t0 chatgtd on the linking fond. Moneys lo ilfued to be replaced out of the fit it supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act 9 at 5^6 Gul. & Marie notwithihuidiog. 

CAP. LVIII 

An act to explain and amend so much of an made in the fourth 

year cf the reign of his present Majefiy, as relates to the preventing the ciandejline conveyance cf sugar and panelcs from the Britilfi colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain. 

Preamble. \KT H E R E A S, by an all made in the fourth year of the reign „ C V V of his present Mayfly, (entitled, An act for granting Qcr 

reciied/0 3 tain ^uties, n briti/h colonies and plantations in America \ for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act patted in the (ixih year of the reign of his late umjetty King George the Second, entitled. An all for the beltir securing and encouraging the trade cf his Mfefifs sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue 

of 

1778j Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 5$. <4<. 

of the said at, towards defraying the expenses of defending prote<5ting, nd securing, the ("aid colonies and plantations; for 1 

explaining an at, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, ahdfor the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing fevernl drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more eflfedtually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade Certain affida between thetame and Great Britain;) it was amongfi other things *, ts wer t0 be enacted That., from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, fhe'com^ck, one thousand Jeven hundred andfixty four, every person or personsy etc. by all per loading on board any Jhip or vejfel, in any of the British colonics or Tonne Shipping plantations in America, any rum or fpiritsffugars or paneles, melaffes any *’l, gars or or syrups, as of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation, jheuld, before the clearing out of the said Jhip or colonies in Vejfel, produce and deliver to the colie Clpr, or other principal officer America. the cujloms, at the loading port, an affidavit to. prove the said rum or (pirits, sugars or panties, melajies or Jyrups, to be the growth, produce, * 

or manufacture, of the said colonies or plantations, in the manner directed by the said act; and that suck collector, or other principal o fficers of the cu/loms, Should, within thirty days after the sailing of the Jhip or vejfel, transmit. an exact copy of the said affidavit to the fecre tary’s office for the respective colony or plantation where the goods were Jhippedy on forfeiture of five pounds, to be recovered in the manner V directed by the said act: and whereas by another acf, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so much of the said act as related to melaffes or Jyrups Bas been repealed: and whereas the re jlrictions and regulations, preferibed by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, have been found inffficient to Prevent the importation of foreign sugar and paneles into this king After March dom; for remedy whereof, may it please your Mfiejly that it may be ile^or enacied; and be it enaefted by the king’s moll excellent mnjefty, etc. flnll.witli by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and in 30 days temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a fie mb! ed, after sailing of and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the cen^y of the collector, or ofher principal officer of the customs, to whom affidavit to the such affidavit shall be produced and delivered, (hall (without see secretary's or reward,) within thirty days after the sailing of the ship or ofijce ior the vessel, transmit one exa<5t copy of the said affidavit, to the fecre cp pny * tary’s office, for the respective colony or plantation where the copy^ve jti sugar or paneles, referred to in the said affidavit, were (hipped; dices.ere.ot • arfd (hall also, within the like space of thirty days, transmit an th parish other exaeft copy of such affidavit to the j unices and vestry of the *hce the parish and panfhes, precinct or precincts, where the said sugar ar grew or paneles grew, or were produced and manufactured, on the penalty of forfeiting fifty pounds for every such omiitbn and ^1.**°* y neglect. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penally on in cafe any justice of the peace of the said colonies or plantations 

(hall, 

l.00q le 

14* fore they are properly authenticated. 

After March 

779>fugar or paneles imported into Great Britain from America, without a proper certificate, hall pay duties as foreign sugar, etc. 

Penalties to be sued for, etc. in the same manner as those mentioned in the before recited aft. 

Preamble. 

A * 3. recited. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii 111. c.59. [1778* 

(hall, ' from and after the said first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, fubferibe his name to any paper or parchment writing, purporting to be an affidavit for the purpose diredlcd by the said a & of the fourth year of the reign pf his present Majesty, unless the person or persons, purporting to make such affidavit, (hall actually appear before him, and be fwornupon the holy evangelists to the truth of the said affidavit, that then, and in every such cafe, every such justice of the peace (hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority dforefaid. That, from and after the said first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any sugar or paneles shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British colony or plantation in America, without, or (hall not be included in, the certificate required in and by the said acl of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, that then, and in either such cafe, all such sugar and paneles hall be deemed and taken to be foreign sugar and paneles, and (hall be liable to the same duties, restrictions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as sugars and paneles of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any French colony or plantation would be refpechvely liable to by law; anything in the said rccitej adi, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 

IV Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties herein before mentioned shall be sued for, had, recovered, di ftributqd, and disposed of, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as the several penalties mentioned in the said before mentioned adt, of the fourth year of the reign of hi present Majesty, are in and by the said adt directed to be sued for, had, recovered, distributed, and disposed of. 

CAP. LIX 

An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Grear Britain called England; and to eflablijh certain regulations with refpefl to officers crying in the corps of fencible men dire fled to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned. 

WHEREAS // j of the utmojl importance to the internal defence of this country, in times of war and danger of inva(ion, that the militia /i)ould be kept up as complete as possible: And whereas by an afi, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majejh, entitled, An acct to explain, amend, and reduce into one adt of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; it is (amongst other things) tnafted. That all such militia men, whose times of service in the militia hall be near expiring, dating the time the regiment, battalion, or independent company, in 

which 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.59. 143 

which they served, hall be embodied and absent from the county, ridings or place, to which they belong, Shall be returned, by the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, 

/* A county y riding, placeffor which they fervt, fo as that they 

may reach the f ’aid county by the expiration oj their term; but no provision is made for the immediate supply of others in the place of such militia men fo returned as aforesaid, the want of which, in actual itruafion, immediate danger thereof might be of the utmoji detriment to the public Jafety: and whereas it would not only greatly promote the public service, but be of much ease and advantage also to such personsas may be chosen by lot for such corps of militia as may be at a defiance from home, and to others, who may be willing to serve as fubjlitutes for the same, if such persons, whose times Shall be near expiring, were to be engaged to continue as fubjlitutes for such as may be chosen by lot, as aforesaid; be it therefore enabled by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Direftions'for whenever any corps of militia (hall be embodied and absent from cortunanding the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, the command ^hemditta'i*1 ing officer of such corps (hall apply to every man whose time embodied, and (hail be within four months of expiring, and who in his judge at a distance ment (hall be fit to serve, and inquire if he be willing to continue from home, his service for a further term of three years, and for what sum or price he (hall be fo willing to continue it, if required; and also that the commanding officer of every corps, during such time as the same (hall be embodied, and at a difiance from home, as aforesaid, (hall, on the first day of January, March, May July September, and November, refpedtiveiy, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting List of private of the county or riding to which his corps (hall belong, a list of all such private militia men in the said corps whom, upon ap f^nce, to be plication made as aforesaid, he (hall find willing to renew their transmitted to service as aforesaid; in which list (hall likewise be fet down the the clerk of ftim for which he (hall be fo willing to renew and continue his thc ' 

service as aforesaid; which list (hall be signed by the militia men mccun$» fo contenting as aforesaid, and be made in th$following form; 

144 Anno decimo octavo georgii III C 59. [177 8. 

dated the day of 

Name of the County. Names of the Men afluaily ierving. ifstibftifufe*, tor whom they ierve. Of tjic Parish of I ft the H undred of Time of his Service expire on the Engages to serve 5 Years longer if required, for the Sum of Signature of Lonfent. 

al. CD P. H. • \ ABE. 

r. 1. E.F. 

G.K. L M. R. N. t # CK. 

who (hall transmit duplicates to the clerks of the subdivision meetings: 

Seven day after which, subdivision meetings (hall be held. 

Business to be done at those meetings. 

and that such signature as aforesaid shall be binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes, on the person fo figriing as aforesaid. 

II And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the general meeting (hall transmit to each clerk of the several fubdivilion meetings rcfpecftively, duplicates or copies of such parts of the said lists as contain the names of such persons as serve for the parifties, town (hips, or places, within such respective subdivisions;; the clerk of each subdivision meeting respectively (hall, on receipt thereof, forthwith give seven days notice for a subdivision meeting to be held, at which the whole number, whose rhymes shall expire within four months of the date of the said lists, shall be chosen by lot, or otherwise supplied, according to the statutes in that cafe made and provided; and the deputy lieutenants or justices present at the subdivision meeting, when the men fo chosen shall attend to be sworn and enrolled, shall acquaint each man who shall be chosen for any parish, township, or place, in the laid fubjivifion, if there be any of those who are at that time serving for the same, who are willing to continue his or their service as fubftiture or substitutes for the next three years, after the expiration of his or their present term of service, and also with the price or prices for which he or they are willing foto continue the same; and the person or persons chosen as aforesaid shall declare whether he or they be willing to give the prices which shall appear, by the lists aforesaid, to be agreed to be taken by the persons then serving, who (hall have signed their consents as above directed; and such persons as are willing foto 

give 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 59. 145 

give the Turns To fet down as aforesaid, (hall signify their consent thereto, and (hall forthwith pay, into the hands of the deputy lieutenants or justices, such Turn or sums as (land respectively in the said lists against the names fo subscribed as aforesaid > sum or Turns of money (hall be, by the Taid deputy lieutenants or justices, remitted to the commanding offidbf of the corps of militia, and be by him paid to such persons refpecftively as (hall have engaged to Jjervc as abovementioned, who, on the receipt thereof, (hall be sworn and enrolled as is herein after directed : Jodjce to ad and that it (hall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace om ulti* for the county, riding, city, division, or place, where such re mcn> ^ to giment, battalion, or independent company, (hall happen to be, certify the. to administer the oath to every such militia man; and such ju same ftice is hereby required to certify such oath, under his hand ahd feal, to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independapt company, according to the form herein after directed; which certificate (hall be good and valid to all intents and purposes, as if the person fo sworn had been enrolled. 

Form CERTIFICATE. 

Jhirey 1 A. B. of the parish of C in the county of I). hired as a Form of certo tvit. J substitute to serve in the militia for E. F. of the pari/b tiiicatc. of G. in the county of H. came this day before me J. K. one of bis Mojejifs justices of the peace for the county of and took and subscribed the following 

oath; videlicet, 

I A. B. do Jincerely promise and futear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, his heirs andfuc ceffors \ and I do swear that lam a protestant and that I will faiths fully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the famey during the time which I am fo certified for, unless lam sooner difchargrd. 

So help me GOD. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In counties That m all counties where the number of men is sufficient to ^.g^i^two form two companies only, theeldeft captain (hall rank as major, companies but (hall only be intrtled to the pay of captain; and no clerk the eldeit cap (hall be allowed where the number of men is sufficient to form tain to rank as only one or two companies, but the receiver-general (hall pay ma)or>ctc* the money necessary for such number of men to the commanding officer of such company or companies, who (hall account with him for the same. 

IV And whereas, by the laws now in being for raifeng and training Acceptance oc the militiay within that part Great Britain called England, it is acommiflion provided, that the acceptance of a commiftion in the said militia hall jj* not vacate the seat of any member returned to ferve.in parliament: raen ntied, and whereat his Majesty has thought proper, for the more effectual or to be railed, .Vol. XXXII L pro 

* 

by 

146 Anno decimo o&avfr Georgii III C 59. [177®^ 

in Great Bn protection and internal defend of that part of Great Britain called th*n, ffil which Scotland, to direst that fencible men; in fevered of the Jbires in that jhalfnotbe Part f united kingdom, Should be forthwith raised and embodied : 

entitled to and whereas officers, serving in any of the said corps of fencible men, half pay, etc. will not, by virtue offuch service, be entitled to receive half-pay, or thereof t0 ave anp ran ** after the said corps Shall be difmijfed notvacatea Qn^ di[embodied, but will befimiiar to, and as near as may be on the seat in parlia same footing with officers Jerving in the militia rf England : and tntau whereas hit Majesty may think proper to grant commissions to officers 

to raie corps for the defence of this country, the officers of which corps may likewise not be entitled to receive half pay, or to hold any rank in the army, after the said corps Shall be reduced and disembodied; be it enadied and declared. That the acceptance of a commission in any corps of fencible men, raised or to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other corps which his Majesty may authorise and direct to be raised in any part of Great Britain, in which the officers (hall not be entitled to half-pay, or to any rank in the army, after the reduction of the said corps, (hall not, nor (hall be construed to vacate the seat of any member returned to serve in parliament. 

Officers in V And whereas it is necejfary to afeertain the rank to bt held by ue raised the officers of certain corps raised, or to be raised, within that part of cibie^n^and ^*reat Britain called Scotland, called fencible men, or of any other militia^fficers, arps f men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein to rank ac % officers Shall not be entitled to rank or half pay, except during the ' cording to time of the actual service of such corps, with 'refpefl to the officers of 

femority. militia of that part Great Britain called England, during the 

time that the officers of such corps, and of the militia, Shall serve together; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers of such corps ancnulihe militia, of equal degree, (hall rank according to the date of their respective commissions. Lord lieute VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where nanr, in cera battalion of militia is commanded by a lieutenant colonel, tain cafes, may w (ha]j have been commandant of the same for five years or commission to l°n8er> lt b.c.. lawful for the lord lieutenant of the county, a lieutenant riding, or place, to which such militia (hall belong, with the colonel. consent of his Majesty, to give to such lieutenant colonel commandant a commission of colonel, anything in any adl of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. 

No quarter VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore maiter, fur said. That no person, serving as quarter master, surgeon, or son^terk to ^>atta*l°n dark, in the militia, (hall, from the time of palling this be promoted abe appointed to any other commission in the militia, higher higher than a than that of a lieutenant, during the time he acts as such, lieutenant. though he (hold have such qualification as the law requires for such higher commission. 

Commanding VIII And whereas, in and by the said recited aft, it is (among(i officer, with other things) enabled. That when the militia of any county, riding, or of lewd * Should be ordered out into actual service, it Jfmdd and might b lieutenant, etc. lawful for the captain of any company of militia to augment his com may accept of pony, by incorporating, with the consent of bis filajeft/s lieutenant, 

., ■or. 

177*•] Anno dmmo osavo Georgii III C 59.' 147 

orin the absence of bis Majefiys lieutenant with the consent of two volunteers, to or more of the deputy lieutenants any number of persons who Should ratcd^nto'the offer themselves as volunteers and who Should appear to him to be other Compa juffiaently trained .and difeiplined* and provided with proper clothes nies, or to arms and accoutrements, and who Should take the oath and perform form a the other ah therein preferibed; be it further enacted by the au company thority a sore fa id. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commanding officer, with the consent of his majesty’s lieutenant, 0% in the absence of hi majesty’s lieutenant, with the consent of any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, to accept a number of volunteers to serve in the (aid militia, either to be incorporated into the other companies, or to be formed into a distinct company, In which latter cafe commissions may be granted by his majesty’s lieutenant to officers legally qualified to command the same. 

IX Provided always. That the number of volunteers in any Number of battalion (hall not exceed the number of men contained in any volunteers in one company of the said battalion; and though such volunteers to exceed (hold not be provided with proper clothes, arms, and accou the number of trements, upon the representation of his majesty’s lieutenant, or mtn in one of two or more of the deputy lieutenants, (uch volunteers (hall company of haye the same allowance, with regard to pay, arms, clothes, and thc fame*ctc# accoutrements, as militia men are by law entitled to, during the 

time of their continuing in actual service. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That pfficcrs intit no person who is entitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or taken jjjj tonne 

to forfeit or quit such half-pay, during the time he shall serve as forfeit the ' a lieutenant or ensign in any regiment, battalion, or independent same by fcrv company of militia, but that the same (hall nevertheless conti lns 88 l’cut< nue; and, instead of the bath now appointed, such officer (hall take the following oath; militia. 

I A. B. do swear That I bad not between the Oath to be 

any place or employment of profit civil or military t^cn by luc under his Majesty besides my allowance of naif pay as a reduced 0 ccrl* in late regiment of 

(or allowance as in 

late troop of horse guards or regiment ofhorfe 

reduced) Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant or ensign (as the cafe may b.c..) for serving in the militia of the county of 

And the taking the oath (hall be Efficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; anything in the said recited aft, or any other law, ftatufc, or ufage^to the contrary notwithstanding,, 

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That When militia at any meeting for any county, city, or town, whose militia (hall j? be at that time on aflual service, it (hall be lawful for any two deputy iieute or more of the deputy lieutenants of such county, city, or town, nants, etc. or for any one deputy lieutenant together with any one justice (hall have the of the peace of such county, to have and exercise all the powers f*me p°wert 

La. copratmcct, ngf’ 

148 Anno decimo octavo georgii III c.59, [17781 

asare vested in conferred, by the said recited aft, withrefpeft to the militia, on three deputy any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants to etcu by he re g, w^h any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy cited a. lieutenant together with any twojufticesof the peace, of any county at large, anything in the laid recited adt to the contrary notwkhftanding; and that the said deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, and justice of the peace or justices of the peace, as aforesaid, (hall have a power to adjourn themselves from time to time as they (hall see proper. 

Explanation XII And whereas doubts have arisen whether any principal or of the recited fubjlitute, duly Jworn and enrolled, according to the act of the feconi t^militia*men cat °/prejent Majesty, who Shall neglect to join the corps t6 which who (hall abbe belongs, or who after having joined it Shall desert or absent himself icond or de from his duty in the same, before the expiration of the term for which fert. be was fo Jworn and enrolled, can be taken up and punijhea according 

to law, after the expiration of the three years for which be was fo engaged and sworn; it is hereby declared to be the true intent and meaning of, the said adt, That every principal, substitute, and volunteer, (hall faithfully perform his three years service; and if he (hall abfeond or desert, or absent himself from his duty in the same, before the expiration of the time for which he was enrolled, whenever he is taken, he (hall be fubjedf to be punished for such default or desertion, and (hall be obliged to complete the remainder of his three years service as was unexpired at the time of such his default or desertion. 

Subftitutesde XIII And whereas several persons have made a practice of taking wid«vuffcr money toferve* and have deserted, and the pecuhiary penalty on such ing military" p*rf<ms in general cannot be levied for want offubjlance, and the alter 

Jmnifbment, native of six months imprisonment, in the common gaol of the county to erve three which they belong, tends not only to corrupt injlead of amending their years from the morals, but is a loss to the public as well as to their families, and also apprehension. a ra ixpence t0 fab parijb as is by law obliged to support fuchja milies \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every substitute, sworn and enrolled after pafling this aft, who (hall desert, whenever he (hall be taken, over and above fach military puniftiment as (hall be inflicted on him, (hall serve for and during the space of three years, to be computed from the day on which he was apprehended; and the commanding officer (hall order notice to be given, to the clerk of the fubdiviiion in which he is engaged to (erve, of his desertion, and the time of his apprehension, that he may make a fre(h entry of his name in the roll of the men to serve for such parish, for three years From the time of his apprehension, as aforesaid. 

When any XIV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in militiaman cafe any principal, substitute, or volunteer, (hall abfcdnd, desert, deserts, com or absent himself from his duty, and (hall not return or betaken ficer to certify n t^le Pace months, that then, upon certificate thereof 

the same to * from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or in the deputy dependant company, to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the lieutenants, peace of the hundred or division for which such person fo ab 

etc fconding, deferring, or absenting himself, was fo chosen by lot, 

'' ‘ hired. 

(^.ooqle 

xy78.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 59. 149 

.hired, or served as substitute or volunteer; and such deputy "ho (hall hold lieutenants and justices of the peace are hereby required to hold a fubdivifipn meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another per baiiojfor anson to serve and be returned to the regiment, in the room of such other person petfon fo having absconded, deserted, oi^abfented himself; and to serve in his in cafe such absentee (hall at any time return or be taken, he t00™* 

(hall, notwithstanding any person (hall be fo chosen to serve in his room, be compelled to serve out the remainder of his time, as herein before directed. 

XV And whereas, in order to evade the proviftons already made Persons bal by the laws now in being concerning the raijing of the militia, per lotted pre fons may pretend to be quakers who are not actually of that persuasion, j5nd'nsto 

be it enalled by. the authority aforesaid, That, from and after j^^eater the palling of this alt, when the lot (hall have fallen on any one tificate there being, or pretending to be, one of the people called Quakers, of, signed by no man (hall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker two routable within the meaning of the said recited alt, of the second year of tha/per” the reign of his present Majesty, unless he produces, before suasion 

* deputy lieutenant and justices of the peace at their subdivision meeting, a certificate, under the hand of two or more reputable housekeepers of the people called Quakers, acknowledging him to be one of their persuasion. 

XVI And whereas doubts have arisen whether persons employed Person em in his Majesty s dockyards, are by she said recited act, made in the Pjoyed ui his second year of the reign of his present Majesty, liable to serve, by notlia themselves or fubjlitutes, as militia men; for obviating such doubts, ble to serve as be it enalted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or per militia mentons altually employed or muttered in his Majetty's dockyards 

(hall be compelled to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve in the militia; anything in the said recited all, or any * other law, to the contrary notwithstanding, 

XVII Provided also, and be it further enalted, That no nor *h°fe efp person actually employed and muttered in his majesty’s Service ja 

at the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the Several gun wharves v\ce\ttbe * 

„ at Portsmouth, Ckathan\> Sheerness, and Plymouth, or at the Several Tower, Wool powder mills, powder magazines, or other storehouses belonging wichwarren, to his Majesty, under the direltion of the board of ordnance, 8 “n*tc (hall be compelled to serve personally or find a substitute in the w **,, C C militia; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Xyill. And be it enalted by the authority aforesaid. That Sergeants who any person who (hall have faithfully served as a sergeant in any ^rvld^years one corps of militia for fifteenyears, and who (hall be discharged i^any'one from the same, on account of his age or infirmities, during the corps of roi time the corps in which he served (hall be in altual service, htia, and dif shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the said corps, and the lord lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants of etcllhail be * the county, riding, or place, to which the said corps belongs, or entitled to exon the death or removal, or in the absence of the lord lieutenant, amination at by the commanding officer and three deputy lieutenants of the cala county, riding, or place, to which the said corps belongs, be Doar, e CL 

3 entitled 

l.ooqle 

y 

i go 

Sergeants on the eltabh'oi. 

the militia. 

Sergeants of Militia, who for misbehaviour, are re duced to the 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii HI. C 59. [1778. 

entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of five pence per diem, if the fatd board (hall judge him deserving thereof. rk. XIX And beitena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That any fc^hofpiufat p^rfoki being a sergeant on the eftabfifhment of Cbelfea Hospital as.aday, being at an allowance of twelve pence a day, and being appointed to appointed to serve in any corps of militia, (hall and may receive the said ai fli*11 lowance of twelve pence a day, together with his pay from the receive the said corps of militia; any law, osage, or custom, to the contrary faidallowance, thereof notwithftending. 

together with XX And be it enatfed, That any sergeant of militia (who 

their pay in fhali9 by the commanding officer of his regiment, or by the sentence of a court-martial, be found guilty of mifbsha^ing himself as such, and to have deserved being reduced into the ranks) (hall, besides any puni foment foto be inflicted by the court-martial, be obliged to serve in the regiment to which he belongs as a private militia man for the space of one year from the time ranks, (hall be of his being fo reduced into the ranks, rtotwithftaftding he may obliged to have already served three years before his being appointed a 

t her e in ^ not sergeant. 

withiianding XXI And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in they may have all counties where the number of men are sufficient to form already ftrved four companies, but are not sufficient to form a regiment, it (hall three years. ancj may ^ jawfu] t0 an(j for ^js majesty’s lieutenant to appoint In certain’ two persons legally qualified to serve without pay as field officers coumies, lord in such battalion, with the same rank a9 if the npmber were lieutenant sufficient to form a regimept. 

XXII And whereas the several militia asls do not sufficiently ex plain how far any person, chosen by lot to serve in the militia, hall be compellable to serve, if he has removed from the place wherein his name was inserted in the list before he was Jo chosen by lot: and whereas many impediments and delays have arisen to the militia service from 

to serve in the julh uncertainty and from the different opinions which prevail among be liable there deputy lieutenants and jujlices of the peace refpefling this yuejlion; 

to, not with andfervatits and unmarried men have availed themfehes of these doubts, and have frequently changed their places of abode on purpose to avoid the service, by which means the lots usually fall on married men, and the burden thereby becomes unequal; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That every person chosen by lot to serve in the militia, shall be liable to such service, notwithstanding such removal. 

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe three deputy lieutenants shall not attend at any 

nants (hall not anriual or other general meeting appointed, by virtue of the fe attend at any vera] jaws now jn force for raising and training the militia, sot we*the feme any c<>unty» riding, or place, that (wo or one deputy lieutenants to be adjourn or deputy lieutenant attending at such meeting, (hall and may ed. adjourn such meeting to any other time, and to any place in 

such county, riding, or place; and in cafe no deputy lieutenant (hall attend at the time and place appointed for such meeting, that then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy then 

and 

may appoint two field officers without pay, etc. 

Every person chosen by lot 

Handing he may have changed the place of his abode. 

If three deputy lieute 

1778-] Annodcdmo oftaro Georgii III c.59. 151 

and there attending, shall and may adjourn such meeting to any Other time, apd to any place, in such county, riding, or place. 

XXIV And whereas the families of fuhjlttutesy hind men, or when the fa 

volunteers serving in the militia when embodied and called out into mijies of fub o&ual fetvicoy and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the etc 

farijbes to which they belong; be it therefore enacted by the au chargeable to thority aforesaid. That one half of the allowance made to such their pa ifhes, families shall be reimbursed,, the overseer or overfccrs of the half the ex parish, tithing, or township, where the family of any such fub pen fh*j* be ftitute, hired man, or volyntcer, shall become chargeable, by the [heoverfeers* treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in which such parifti, by the trea tithing, or township, (nail lie; and the account of the said over furerof the seer and overseers, verified on oath before a justice of the peace county, etc. within the county, riding, or place, in which the family of such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, shall be chargeable, and counterftgned by a justice of the peaces for such county, riding, 

'or^lace, shall be a sufficient voucher to the said treasurer for the 

payment of such sum. 

XXV Provided always, That any relief which shall be given provi/o. to the family of any tpihtia man, during the time of actual service, (hall not deprive such militia man from voting for the de&ion of any member to serve in parliament. 

XXVI And whereas the deputy lieutenants, chief maglflrates, Deputy lieu and jtdflices of the peace, in several counties, cities, and places, where tenants, etc. the militia have been raifedy have in feme inflames proceeded to choose by indemnified hty and to swear in militia men and fuflitutes for such refttflivc r hav.ln5 counties, citiesy and places 9 previous to the times at which the same {^umen/etc. ought to have been done pursuant to the provisions contained in the previousto militia laws now in being; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, the times ap that such proceedings of the said deputy lieutenants, chief ma p°mtcd fr giftrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby declared valid and * at p*irpo e. effectual; and the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and 

justices of the peace, are hereby respectively indemnified for such their proceedings. 

XXVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. All milkia That any person holding, or hereafter accepting a commission officers above in the militia of a higher rank than that of lieutenant, not hav j^utenanr to ing already delivered in his qualification, who shall neglect to deliver in their deliver in, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or qualifications place, in and for which he is or (hall be appointed, a specific within six description of his qualification, in writing, signed by himself, ^p^ffingthis within six months after the palling of this adfor within the or after space of six months from the time of his accepting of such accepungtheir commission as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared inca commissions, pable of holding the same, and the said commission is hereby 

declared null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. to be void! 

XXVIII And whereas an att was made in the twenty-fourth The benefits year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, inti etc. granted tuledy An at for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the to justices by execution of their office; and for indemnifying constables, and ** af others, ailing in obedience to their warrants:) And whereas it is £ndcdto*cu 

L 4 fteceffary tenants, etc. 

Anno decimo txftavo Georgii ii. co. [1778. 

Preamble. 

A 11 and V % Gul 3. 

Certain clau lei in the said 

acting in exe ueceffary to extend the provisions of the said act to this aft, with re udauws fpe^ t0 ti*utenants and deputy lieutenants; be it therefpre enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every lieutenant and deputy lieutenant, acting in the execution of the militia laws (hall be entitled to all the benefits and protections by the faidact granted to such justices of the peace. 

CAP. LX 

An act for relieving his Majesty's subjects prof effing the popijh religion from certain penalties and disabilities impojed on them by ati at, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, entitled, An adt for the further preventing the growth of popery. 

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain provisions in an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the I bird, entitled. An act for the further preventing the growth of popery, whereby certain penalties and disabilities are impojed on persons profejfmg the popish religion; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That fo much, of the said adt as relates to the apprehending, taking, oj the wofecut!° pr°frcul*ng, of popifti birtiops, priests, or jesuits; and also lo ingpopiihbi much of the said ad as subjects popifti bishops, priests, or je (hops, etc. and suits, and papists, or persons profefting the popish religion, and impnfoning keeping school, or taking upon themselves the education or who keep government or boarding of youth, within this realm, or the fchoou} and dominions thereto belonging, to perpetual imprisonment;; disabling pa also so much of the laid adt as disables persons educated in the t, l\her>t popifti religion, or profefting the same, under the circumstances saint etc*in t^erc^n mentioned, to inherit or take by defeent, devise, or limitation, in possession, reversion, or remainder, any land, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and gives to the next of kin, being a protestant, a right to have and enjoy such lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and also so much of the said a as disables papists, or persons profefting the popifti religion, to purchase any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, terms, or hereditaments within tfie kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and makes void all and Angular estates, terms, and other interests or profits whatfoeverout of lands, to be made, suffered, or done, from and after the day therein mentioned, to or for theufeor behoof of any such perfonor persons, or upon any trust or confidence, mediately or immediately, for the relief of any such person or persons; (hall be, and the same, and every claufeand matter and thing herein before mentioned, is and are hereby repealed. 

1 jan(jg> II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every ct^undertitles person and persons having or claiming any lands, tenements, or not hitherto hereditaments, under titles not hitherto litigated, though derived 

(cent, etc. in England or wajef, etc.etc. 

repealed. 

Persons having or claim 

V 

cjooq le 

*77®-! Anno decimo odavo Georgii HI. C 60. 153 

rived from any descent, devise, limitation, or purcfyafe, (hall litigated, (hall have, take, hold, and enjoy, the same, as if the said ad, or anything therein contained, had not been made; anything in the said ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ad. 

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein ^ contained (hall extend, or be construed to affect any action or znf fuit now depending, which (hall be prosecuted with effect, and action now without delay. depending, 

IV Provided also. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, ctct or be construed to extend, to any person or persons but such nor to extend who (hall, within the space of six calendar months after the to, anx person parting of this ad, or of accruing of his, her, or their title, being of the age of twenty-one years, or who, being under the momht after, age of twenty-one years, (hall, within six months after he or (lie pairing this shall attain the age of twenty-one years, or being of unfound oc coming mind, or in prison, or beyond the seas, then within six months after such disability removed, take and subscribe an oath in the lowing oath, words following: 

I A. B. dfi fincerelj promise andjwear, That I will be faithful and The oath. 

bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Third, and him will defend, to the utmojl of my power, against all conspiracies end attempts whatever that Shall be made against bis person, crown, or dignity; and I will do my utmojl endeavour to difcbfe and make known to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, all treajons and tralter ous conspiracies which may be formed against him or them; and I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmojl of my power, the fuccejfton of the crown in his maje/ly’s family, against any person or persons whatsoever; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto the person taking upon himself the style and title of Prince of Wales, in the life time of his father, andwho, face his death, is said to have assumed the Jlile and title of King of Great Britain, by the name of Charles the Third, and to any other person claiming or pretending a right to the crown of theft realms; and I do wear, that Ido reject and detest, as an uncbrijlian and impious position. That it is lawful to murder or dejlroyany person or persons whatsoever, for or under pretence of their being heretics; and also that unchrijlian and impious principle, that no faith is to be kept with heretics: I further declare, that it is no article of my faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure, the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or by any authority of the see tf Rome, or by any authority whatsoever, may be dtpofed or murdered by their subjects, or any person whatsoever: and Ido declare, that Ido not believe that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince, prelate, 

Jlate, or potentate, hath, or ought to bave any temporal or civil jurisdiction, power, superiority, or preeminence, dir eftly or indirectly, within thij realm. And I do solemnly, in the presence of God, profess, tejlify, and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oath j without any evasion, equivocation, or mental reservation whatever, and without any dispensation already granted by the pope, or any authority of the see of Rome, or any person whatever $ and without 

thinking 

154 Anno decimo o6tn.ro gjkorgh III C 61. [1778. 

thinking that I dm or can be acquitted before God or man, orah/ofved of this declaration, or any part thereof although the pope, or any other persons or authority whatsoever, Jpall dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void. 

Cdtirt df 4 Which oath it (hall be competent to his majesty’s high court 

chancery,, of chancery, or to any of his Majesty's courts of record at cord at West the courts of great sessions within the principality of 

minfttr, courts Wales and county palatine of Chejler, the courts of chancery or of great ef common plea? within the counties palatine of Lancaster and fioiuin Wale, Durham, or to any court of general or quarter sessions of the etc. may ad peace Gf any county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town, or oath. r place, in the kingdom of England, or in the principality of Walts, to administer, and they arc hereby required to administer rhea register to same accordingly : of the taking and subscribing of which oaths be kept of the a register (hall be kept and preserved, in the manner prescribed fubfcnbine thc *aws now n h^ng requiring oaths from persons taking the same. offices or employments. 

Thia ad not V Provided always, and it is hereby insured and declared, to extend to That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be construed any popifti bito extend, to any popi(h bishop, pried, jesuit, or schoolmaster, AS, ctc hae V not ^avc ta^cn an hibfcribed the above oath in the takeitthe said ab°ve words before he (hall have been apprehended or any pro oath before he fecution commenced against him. 

was apprehended, etc 

CAP. lxt. 

An all for repealing certain provisions in two alls, made in the firjl year of the reign of Spueen Anne; one intituledan ad for the relief of the protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland; and the other entitled, An act for advancing the sale of the forfeited estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for such uses as the same were before veiled in the laid trustees 5 and for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to protestants; and for explaining several ads re!ative*to thc lord Bophin and ftr Redmond Everard. 

Preamble. Wf H E R E A S by an act, poffed in the firjl fejfion of the firjl VV year of Spueen Anne, entitled, An act for the relief of the aftof1 Anns prote^ant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland, it is en fess. 1! n * abed, That all difpofetions and Jales of the several lands, tenements and hereditaments, efiates and interefis, therein mentioned, which bad been then sold or controlled for, or Should be thereafter sold, by the trufiees therein mentioned, Should be made to protejlants only; and that every papijl, or per Jon profejjing the popish religion, Should be disabled and made incapable to take any part thereof, or any interejl in or out of the same \ and that all conveyances and declarations of trufl to any papijl, or person proftjfing the popish religion, concerning the same, Should be void and of none effell\ and that no such papijl, or person prof effing the popish religion, during his continuing to be such, Should be capable to inherit, take, or make title to, by defeent, pur chase, limitation. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo gborqii III c.61. 155 

mi tat ion, devise, or other conveyance, or to have, hold, or enjoy, 

^ the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, ejiates or tnterefts, or any trust or interest therein; /&?/ // <wiy ptrofejfing the 

popifi religion, or educated in the same, and not having solemnly and publicly renounced it, being of full age, ball not within the fpcce of, 

six months after the accruing of bis or her title, or, being under the age of eighteen years, hall not, within six months after be or fie Shall attain the age aforesaid, take the oath of allegiance and fupremacy9 and fubferibe the declaration in the said act mentioned, and continue to'be a protestant, every such person Shall be disabled to Inherit or take by defeent, devise, or limitation, or pur chase, any of the said estates or tnterejls, or any trust or interest in or out of the same; but that, during the life of such person, or till tis conformity, the next of his kindred who Shall be a protestant Shall have and enjoy the premises, without being accountable for the profits; and that all leases for lives or years, or otherwise, to be made of any of the said premises, Shall be made to such persons only as are of the protestant religion: and if any such lease ball be made to, or in trust for, any papist, or person professing the popifi religion \ or if any such lease be made to a protestant, and the same hall be afterwards assigned to, or in trust for, a papist, or person profe/fing the popifi religion, every such lease and alignment Shall be void, and the person making such lease or ajfignment, and the person to whom, or for whose use or benefit, the same ball be made I in cafe of acceptance,) Shall forfeit treble the full value of the said lands fo assigned and accepted: and whereas tie said several prohibit Which was lions and penalties were re enacted and further enforced, by an act £ulth*jrhm" pajfed in the second feffton of thefirft years her majesty Sjueen Anne, the ** 

entitled. An act for advancing the fate of the forfeited estates in same year, Ireland; and for vesting such as remain unsold by the prefect felt. a. troftees in her Majesty, her heirs and fucceftbrs, for fetch uses as the same were before vested in the said trustees;; for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to proteftantej and for explaining several ads relative to the ford Bophin and sir Redmond Everard: may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritiial and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of same. That the said herein recited The recited ads, pa fled in the first year of the reign of her fate majesty ain Part Queen Anne, sofar as they prohibit, disqualify, or disable any kp<aled# papist, or person profiling the popifti religion, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any estate, right, title, interefi, claim, property, or demand, of, to, or in, any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates, or interests, in the said ads mentioned; 

r which inflict any penalty on the person making or accepting any interest in the same, (hall, from and after the patting of this ad, be repealed, and cease and be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. 

CAP. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 62, 63. [1778. 

Preamble. 

16 Geo. 3. C 4j. rccitec). 

CAP. LXII 

a to continue an act, made in the Jixteentb year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to authorise, for a limited time, the puniftunent, bv hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or mall become liable to be transported to any of. his majesty’s colonies and plantations. 

WHEREAS an oft of parliament was made in the sixteenth year of the reign ef his present Majesty, entitled, An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or (hall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty’s colonies and plantations : and whereas the f aid aft it near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said ad (hall be, and is hereby continued, continued till from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June, one June 1, 1 ?79* 'thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

CAP. LXIII 

An act for enabling trujiees under particular turnpike afts, to meet and carry such afts into execution, notuathjlanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the directions of such afts \ and for preventing disputes touching the payment of tolls for horses or carriages belonging to or employed by officers or soldiers on duty. 

Preamble. 

and further 

whereasi/to happened, and may hereafter happen, that the trujiees appointed, or to be appointed, by aft of parliament, for amending or repairing particular turnpike roads, have omitted, or may omit, to meet or adjourn in the manner directed by such afts respectively, or that the day or days, appointed for the first meeting of the trustees, has or have elapsed, or may elapft, before the passing of such afts respectively, whereby the intent of such respective afts hath been or may be frustrated; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in all cafes where the trustees, appointed, or to be truftcft ^dcjcr appointed, by any ad or ads of parliament, madeortobe made, repairing fr ame°ding or repairing any particular turnpike roads, (hall turnpikeroads not have met, or (hall not meet, on the day or days appointed, shall negledto or to be appointed, for their first meeting, by any such ad or ads meet on the respectively, or on any day or days appointed, or to be appointed, by adjournment, for their meeting, or have not adjourned, or (hall not adjourn, in the manner directed by any such ad or ads of parliament, or when the day appointed, or to be appointed, for the first meeting of the trustees, has elapsed, or may elapse, before the pafling of such ad or ads; it (hall and may be lawful for any five or more of the trustees appointed to execute such ad or ads respectively, in any or either of the cafes 

aforesaid. 

In cafe the 

day appointed, etc. 

any five true • may appoint a meeting. 

Go 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Geqrgii III 0^64. 157 

aforesaid, to cause notice, under their hands, to be affixed on all the turnpike gates which (hall be then erected on such roads respectively; or, if no turnpike gate (hall be then erected, to cause the like notice to be affixed in some dbnfpicuous place, in one of the market towns near the roads directed to be repaired as aforesaid, and also to be published in some newspaper circulated in that part of the country, at lead twenty days before the intended meeting, appointing the trustees to meet at the place where the lad preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the first meeting of such trudees, if no preceding meeting (hall have been held; and the said trudees, when met in pursuance of such notice, (hall and may, and they are hereby empowered to carry such actor acts into execution, in the same and as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes, as they might or could have done, if no such neglect or omission had happened, or such actor acts had been passed previous to the day or days appointed for the first meeting of the trudees respectively, and such trudees had met on such day or days according to such appointment. 

II And whereas disputes have arisen with respect to the exemptions meant to be allowed, by several afts of parliament for repairing Carnages and of public roads within this kingdom, for the horses of officers and ^incai^m" soldiers upon their march or duty, and for carriages attending them; the armsor^ in order to prevent such disputes for the future, be it enacted baggage of and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no toll or duty officers or whatsoever (hall be demanded or taken, by virtue of any adt of march parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for repairing etc exempted any of the public roads within this kingdom, for or in respect firom tolls; of any horses belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march or upon duty, or for any horses, cattle, or carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled officers or fofdiers; and no carriages fo employed (hall be subject to be. 

weighed at any engine erected, or to be erected, upon any turn Suchearriaget pike road, or the owner or driver thereof liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is or may be * allowed by law to be conveyed in any such carriage, any adt of parliament made or to be made to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

CAP.. LXIV 

An adt for enabling bit Majesty to raise the fuip of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned. 

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for t, ooo, ooo1. Treaftiry nny raise the faiqe by Joans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pie fenbed by the land tax att of this session, concerning loans, etc. The claufcj, etc. in the said adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, etc. to be made in pursuance of this adt. Principal and intered, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none sufficient be granted before July 5, 1779* *bcn to be paid out of the (inking fund j and the moneys fo issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank empowered to advance, on the (aid credit of loan, any sum not exceeding i, ooo, oool. 

CAP. 

v ooq ie 

f 

156 Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.65. [177s. 

CAP. LXV 

An afl for fettling and securing a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham hall defctnd, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late earl to his Majesty and the public. 

Most gracious Sovereign, 

Preamble. THERE AS we your Maiefifs mojl dutiful and loyal 

.VV commons did unanimously adarefs our [elves to your Majesty, humbly to beseech sour Majesty that you would be gractoujly plea fed to bejlow fomefignal and lajling mark of your royal favour) on the family of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, and to ajfure your Majesty, that whatever, from sour princely goodness your Majesty Should think proper to be granted) this houfey animated by the gratitude which they, in common with the tejl of your majejly*s fubjefls) feel towards the memory of that upright and diftnterejled minijlet) and ambitious of giving a tejlimony of their approbation to that public virtue anafpirited conduct which dire fled the councils of this country in the lajl glorious andfuccefful war would, with the greatejl cheer fullness) make good to your Majesty) to which addrefs9 your Majesty was pleased to return this mojl gracious answer; That your Majesty would take the J'ame into your consideration) and that you would do therein what Should appear to your Majesty to be mojl proper, agreeable to tbl desire of your faithful commons; and also by your majejly*s mojl gracious mejfage, to declare, that your Majesty being) deferous to comply) as speedily as pojfiblc) with the said requejl of your faithful commons) haa given directions for the granting to the present earl of Chatliam, and to the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, to whom the earldom of Chatham Shall descend an annuity of four thou fund pounds per annum, out of the civil lijl revenue; but that your Majesty) not having it in your power to extend the effects of the said grant beyond the term of your majejly*s life, recommended it to the house to conjider of a proper method of extending) securing) and annexing the same to the earldom of Chatham, infucb manner as Should be thought mojl effectual for the benefit of the family of the said William Pitt earl of Chatham: we, your majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty’s most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted'; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the An annuity of authority of the same, That in lieu of the said annuity of four 4, oool. per thousand pounds ptr annum, fo directed to be granted to the piridu™ut of pre/cnt car Chatham) and to the heirs of the body of the late the aggregate kvilliam Pitt) to whom the earldom of Chatham (hall defunct, to John feeftd, as aforesaid, one annuity, or yearly rent or sum of four 

u thou 

N 

1778*] Anno decimo octavo Georoii III C 65. 159 

thousand pounds of lawful money of Gnat Britain, (hall be iflu earl of chat ing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the jam ai^cl?f duties and revenues which compose the fund commonly called thetate will pt jfggrtgate Fundy and every or any of them, (after paying, or ]iam Pitt earl reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as ofchatham, have been directed by any former aft or aftsof parliament to be ro rh01ntl^ji paid out of the same, but with preference to all other payments ^veend! which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said aggregate fund and the same (hall from time to time The said an be paid quarterly, in manner and form following; that is to "1^7 b say. To John now earl of Chatham, and to the heirs male of the * body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham begotten, to whom the (aid title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham (hall de icend; which (aid annuity or yearly rent or sum (hall commence and take effect from the fifth day of Juljy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, and (hall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to say, the tenth day of Qflobiry the fifth day of January y the fifth day of April and the fifth day of July, by even • and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made at the paymaa* tenth day of Qflobtr, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven g IO hundred and seventy eight. 

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho The eirl of rity aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Chatham, to said John carl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of his the (aid father, the said late William earl of Chatham, for the time being, annuity with to whom the said annuity or yearly rent or sum (hall deicend, a jointure of being at the age of twenty-one years, or above, by any deed or »>oool. yearly, deeds in writing to assign, limit, or appoint, any part of the said 

annuity or yearly rent or sum, not exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds yearly, by way pf jointure or provision for any woman or women which he or they respectively (hall happen to marry or take to wife, for the life or lives ot such wise or wives; but that the said annuity (hall not be charged or chargeable with more than one such jointure at any one time. 

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cbmmiffion that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of ®rr®a^rth 

his majesty’s treasury now being, and the high treasurer and ggn wayrantl under treaiurer of the exchequer and commissioners of the trea for payment fury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and re of the said quired, by warrant under their hands, to direst the auditor of j5syniwi3iout the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to wyfrtu make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity or yearly rent or sum of four thousand pounds, as She same (hall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, (hall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity or yearly rent ox sum to the said John 

uooqle 

io 

Such warrants, after signed, to be Valid, notwithstanding the demise of his Majesty, C 

commissioners of the treasury, See. without fee or reward, tp do all things necessary to render this ad effectual 

Receipt of the earl of Chatham, C (hall be a sufficient discharge. 

The annuity to be tax free. 

If officers of the exchequer (hall refuse to pay the annuity on demand, C they may be profccuiedfor the same. 

Anno decimo o£uvo Georgii III C 65. [177** 

eari of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said late William earl of Chatham begotten as aforesaid, or to such other person or persons as (hall be entitled to receive any part of the said annuity as aforesaid, at the respective quarterly feast days in this ak before appointed for payment thereof, without any further or other warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf. 

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this at; and (hall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or bv or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices, of them, or any of them. 

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 

the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all such as, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or (hall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this at, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.. 

VI And beitena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said John earl of Chatham, and the heirs, male of the body of the said late william earl of Chatham and of such other perlon or persons as (hall be' entitled or authorised to receive the said annuity or yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, (hall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf \ and that the said annuity or yearly rent or sum, and every part thereof, (hall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatsoever: and in cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer (hall refuse dr neglect to pay the said annuity or yearly rent or sum, or any phrt thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, or to do any a necessary to enable the said John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said William late earl of Cha~ tbamy and such other person or persons as (hall be entitled to receive the said annuity, or any part thereof, to receive the same, then the said John earl ofchatham^nd the heirs male f the body of the said William late earl of Chatham, and such other person or persons as shall be entitled to receive the said annuity or yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, or any of them, their executors, 

and 

1778-] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.66. II 

and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and (hall or may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of /uch sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly rent, or sum, or any part thereof, as (hall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when demands (hall have been legally made of the payment of thd said annuity, yearly rent, or sum, or arty part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any aft necessary to be done by such officer or Officers respectively. 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That the said annuity, yearly rent, or sum of four thousand earl of Chat 11 pounds, (hall be, and the same is by this aft veiled in the said ham, C John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the said late William earl of Chatham, to whom the said title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham (hall descend; and that the same, and not to be or any part thereof, (hall not at any time or times hereafter be al5en£f r, n aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or encumbered, by the r 

said John earl of Chatham, or by any of the heirs male of the said term than the late William earl of Chatham, for any greater or larger estate or life of the time than during the natural life of the person fo aliening, con * p^yi veying, disposing, charging, or incumbring the same, or fo as to prevent the same from defrendinj* to the heirs male in tail, according to the limitation aforesaid, other than, and according except in to, and in pursuance of, the power for making such jointures as making join aforesaid * 

VIIL And be it declared and enabled by the authority afore Public aft. said. That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all cafes, and in all courts and places, to be a public aft. 

CAP. LXVI 

An act for making proper drains and sewers, for the purpose of carrying off the water from the prebendal ettate of Halliwell and Finlbury, in the suburbs of the city of London j and for other purposes therein mentioned. 

Preamble, Recital of aft 9 Geo. 3. and an indenture dated May 30, 1769, 

Mayor, C empowered to make a new sewer) and to appoint commiflioa, ers. Commissioners to consist of the commissioners under the act 11 Geo.3. 

'Mayor, See. may appoint officers. Part of the new sewer to be under the management of the commissioners, C for Holborn and Finlbury divisions. Power for digging for materials. See. Preamble, reciting that great benches will accrue to certain parts of the county of Middlesex, from the ' 

new intended fewer: in confederation of which, the court of (ewers for the said parts are to pay 1501. per annum, into the chamber of London, by half yearly payments. Certain parts of the new sewer to be completed by June *4, 1779. The said yearly Aim of 1501. to be placed to the account of the commissioners underaft XI Geo. 3. In cade of default of payment, ' how the same (hall be recovered. Commissioners of (ewers to make an equal pound rate for raffing said 1501. per annum, C within certain limits of the county of Mi idlefex, according to the yearly rent of the premises to be rated. In default of payment of said 1501, per annum, mayor. See. irtipowered to make a pound rate for the deficiency. All tenants, Sec. to pay rates, whether rated or not, Direftioni for affiffing * vol.xkm. M houfea 

ljooqie 

Anno d«6xnx> octavo Geqrph III c.67. [1778, 

houses let out in lodgings, crates for hqpfes, C unteaanted, to be paid by owners, or future occupiers. Dead walls, meeting hooks, See. to t assessed. Who (hall pay suck a&fltmeate. How they may be recovered. Bates (hall be paid by obiter of prfinifes. This aft n tft fcfr peach any agreement betwfpn landlord and tenant Opart of fewer un*. powered to compound for rates to be made by them, Sec. Court pf fewera may alter rates within certain limits. Collectors to be appointed by the court of sewers. Court of (ewers ins powered to pay debts. Common oauofil, pr cpmmi$ofters, may appoint collectors, who are to pay the money into the chamber of London. Golleftor* refuting to account, (hall be committed. Court of sewers may make additional allowance to thdf clerk, see. Collectors, Sec. may examine books relating to the poor’s rates Vestry clerk, Sec. to give them copies thereof, on paying a d. for every ye names, Sec. Penalty on nriltft or refpfal for tonne day. Court of few erf empowered to make new (ewers, Sec. within the limit of Fiqfbury, Sec. The court of fewprt may communicate the sewers wjthin pipftniry, ftp with the new fc«yer in the prebend) eft ate, nd the sewers iq the city o London; but not to exceed in width or depth, the bead of the fewer with which the same Stall communicate, see. The fuxveyor of the commiftiooers under the act of i r Gfa. 3. empowered to (top up such sewer, see. (b coia* rounicating. Penalty on persons unftopping fuejr sewers, ftc. Surveyor to inspect sewers. Sec. Penalty on persons interrupting commiftioners, workmen, Sec. in executing this aft. Penalties bow to be disposed of. iveara we, ryciting part of the wft it Qfo* }• [dating to the aftfimrnts. The foramiflionrrs und*r the act 11 Geo. 3. empowered to apply 9 competent part of the (ewer rate directed to be raised by (he fame aft. in aid of taw Other rates. Sec. Court of sewers empowered to alter the portion of pipes Sec. Owners of private dsains to cleanse the same. Penalty on negle6c thereof. Property of the fewer. Sec. vested in the comnuffioiiers of fewer foe Holboufn and Finftmfy divisions. Vacant ground lying open, or roads opt of repair, see. to be mclofed and amended. If owners, Sec. neglect, edmmiffionen to complete the same, and tq be reimbursed by the parties negltfting. This aft to commence at the time of hokling the next court of sewers for Holbourn and Finfbury divisions. Fines, forfeitures, and Tate, how to be recovered and applied. Warrants to he jfiued by the pourt of fevers, to be according to Uve forqa annexed Charges of diftrela to be levied by the persons making the faiqe. Clerk, Scc. to fyrnmon the court of sewers when necessary. Court of (ewers, in the name of their clerk, Sec. may bring actions for penalties against this aft, or for the rates. Sec. How plaintiff to proceed in such actions. Court of sewers may administer an oath, C Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings wot to be qua (bed for want of form. Orders of the court of fewtrs to be evidence. Laws relating to (ewers to be in force in Holbourn and Finfbury divisions, Sec. except in the cafes before mentioned. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fe (lions. Limitation of aftiops. General issue. Treble costs. This aft not to extend to' (ewers, Sec. within the liberties of the tower hamlets. Sec. Comrniffioners empowered to setup bafsj posts. Sec. for the safety of foot paftengers. Property of bars, posts, Sec. veiled in the citizens of London. Penalty on persons obstructing furveyore. Sec. in erecting fences, or for pulling up or damaging the Tame. pub)ick aft Form of warrant of difttefe for nonpayment of the rates. Forpi or warrant for want of distress of goods for nonpayment of rates. Form of warrant for wane of distress for nonpayment of fines, Sec. Form of warrant of diftrelif for nes forfeited to, let, or impoied by, the court of fevers 

CAP. LVII 

An act for autknriftng the justices of the peace for the county of hfiddk fcx to fed the prefeit feftioudtaufe for the (aid county, and for enabling them to build answer fofion house in a more convenient fttuation, and to keep the same tn repair and for applying the font of eleven thoo fand poptub (to he borrowed upon tbd credit of the ferplufes of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans fund) towards defraying the expanse of building the foid f<ffioa*hoofe» 

Preamble. 

1778.] Anno decitno octavo Georgii III C 68 — 70. I $3 

Preamble. Letters patent of the 7 James 1. recited. Soon after the date date thereof. Hick's h%11 was built, C The inheritance of the feite of Hick's Hall in the Custos Rotulorum and ofhers. The present session lioafe ioconveaicnt and ruinous. Commissioners appointed \ who are to Cake down the present session houft, and use or sell the materials. The cite of the present effion house to be given to the public. commission trs for Saint Sepulchre's to pave the (cite of the present ftffion house, and adjoining watch house, See who (hall be paid 3001. for the same, out of the moneys arifiag by this al Commissioners may purchase a piece of ground for building the feffiomhoufe. Bodies corporate, See. enabled to convey their estates to the Commissioners. If the parties (hall not agree. 

Sec. the rccempence to be ascertained by a jury. Jurymen to be sworn. 

Witnesses may be examined on oath. Vtrditt of a jury. Scc. to be final, 

Reeomponce to be paid to parties within a month after adjudication 

On refufel to accept thereof, the same to be paid into the bank. Jurors may be challenged. Commiffionen may fine the (herifif or others making default. Cemmiffioners may cause any building on such piece of ground as they (ball purchase, to be taken down) and a new fdfion houle to be erected * which (ball not be affdted to any tax at a higher rate than what the ground and buildings were assessed in 1777. The session bouse not to be begun till a plan and efiimate are made and agreed to. Occupation of the euboo bouje to be regulated by the justices. New fe(fion«bou(e to be ‘ ■ 

repaired out of the county rate. No repairs above 51. to be done until an efiomate and contra made and agreed to. Justices may provide a convenient place sot bolding their lemons until the new effioo bouse be 

By the jaft mentkmcd aa, the corporation of London were empowered to borrow 9 56*000!. on the credit of the orphans' fund $ and the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued sot 46 years. Said fund computed to be more than fuffirient for the purposes to which it it applied. City of London to pay an annuity of 4951, to the commissioners for executing this a. The mayor. Sec. to grant no bonds for (ecuring the annuity. An annuity of 4i. 10 s. to be payable on each bond. Bonos to be numbered, and assignable by indoriement. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. Orphans' fund charged with the annuities. Treaforer of the county to pay to the commissioners so much money as (hall be necessary (besides the atorefaid 11, 0001) for executing the purpofea of this a#j fo as the same (hall not exceed 4000!. Expencts Of this a how to be paid. Commissioners may appoint officers, and AU - low them salaries. place and time of meeting of the commissioners Manner of adjourning. Proceedings to be entered in a boojc, Stc. A yearly account of all moneys received and paid, to be made by the treasurer, and depofittd with the clerk of the peace 1 and alio all books, plana Ac, Books, Scc. may be inspected. Limitation of actions. General utue. Treble oofts. Bonds, Sea directed by this a not liable to any duty. Publiek a. 

CAP. LXVIII 

An a for building a bridge across the river Tawey, at a place called The Which Tree, in the parish of Lknfamlett, to me opposite (bore in the parifh.of Llangtvelach, in the county of Glamoigan: for making, proper avenues or roads to and from the (aid bridge) and aho for repairing and widsning the road from pentre brook, near a place called Abernwyberthy, in the parish of Saint John's, near Swanfca, to the said intended bridge. 

CAP. LXIX 

, An aa fo* repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Stirling 

CAP. LXX 

An act p enahla Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pur at the t»ws f findboi^in the county of Eljpa and 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.71. £177il 

CAP. LXXI 

An act for impowiring the mayor, aldermen, aud commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to make a street or opening from Moorfields, opposite chifwell street, towards the east into bifhopffratg street; and also from the east end of chifwell street westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the credit of the furplufles to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund, the sum of fixteeq thousand .five hundred pounds for such purpose. 

Preamble. Aft 9 Geo. 3. recited Common council empowered to make a new ttreet from Moorfields to bifhopfgate ftreer, C which my be railed to any height they think proper Ditches and watercourses to be airbed over or filled up; and drains or fewrrs to oe made, Sec. Common council empowered to purchase houses, lands. Sec. for the purposes aforesaid. The said power limited to ten years. Bodies politic, Sec. trustees, and other persons, empowered to sell and convey lands, Scc, when parties refuse to treat, Sec. the mayor's court to issue a precept for impanelling a jury; who are to be drawn as aft 3 Geo. a. directs. Jurors may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on oath. Sec. Jury to assess the value on oath. Verdict of the jury, Sec. to be final. Previous notice to be given to parties interested.. payment of the value afieflfed, premises to be conveyed to the city. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found. Sec. court to order the purchase money to be paid into the bank, Sec. subject to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition. Verdifts and judgements. See. to be entered among the records, Sec. Immediately after verdifts and payments, C premises to vest in the city. Mayor's court, on petition, may invest the money in the public funds. If the money is not paid, Sec. the (aid verdifts and judgements not to be binding. purchase moneys of premises held in trull, to be invested in other purchases to the same uses. Bargains and (ales to have the force of fines and recoveries. Persons having any right, C in lands fo purebafed, to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred: but may recover the purchase money, Sec. from persons receiving the same. After purchase, tenants to deliver possession within six months after notice. On refusal, court to issue a precept to the fhenflf to deliver possession. Mortgagees, on tender of principal and interest, to convey their mortgages: on refusal, interest to cease. Upon payment of such principal and interest into the bank, premises to vest in the cky. Moneys to be paid or tendered before using the premises. Court of aldermen may fine (heriif, jurors, or witnesses, for not attending, Sec No person (hall be compeliable to sell part of his premises, if he is willing to sell the whole Common council empowered to let, fell, C any ground not necessary for the purposes of this aft; and to grant licences tor building on part of the streets, Sec. No porticoes, benches, balconies, bow windows, or other projections to be made. Moneys arising by such falet or licences to be appropriated to the purposes of this aft. Common council may enclose the paftages, Sec. which adjoin to the intended streets, for the purposes of this aft. Tithes of houses laid into streets to be valued by a jury, and charged on the city estates. Common council empowered to appoint committees. Persons interested not eligible on such committees, ferfons not free of the city may be employed by committees. Directions for giving notice of contracts Recital of an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Mar. for raising the orphans' fund. A duty of 6d. per chaldron laid on all coals and culm brought into the port of London. Aft si Geos. continuing the said duty for 35 years', Scc. aft^geoh 2. for building Blackfriars bridge: aft 7 Geo. 3. for completing the same, Scc. On July 5, 1776$ $8, 5001. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, Scc. 715001. for embanking the Thames; 30, 0001. for redeeming, the tolls on london bridge; 50, 0001. for building Newgate; and 10, 0001. for lepairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers gr?nted to the corporation of London by the act of 7 <3cq*3 156, 000!. to be borrowed at jl. 10s. percent, per ann. 

; a ” 4 “The 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III c.yt. 

The orphans fund was charged with payment of moneys thentofore borrowed, and also the said sum of 156, 0001. and to render the said fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further coptinued for 46 years, See. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund How the furpluftes were to be difjpofed of. Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective turns borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, C In cafe of any deficiency in the said fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Common council empowered to raise 16, 500!. upon the orphans fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4i 10s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. The orphans' fund charged with such annuities. Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to cease; but the principal to be dill payable. Deficiencies in payment of the said annuities, to be paid out of the chamber of London. The 16, 5001. to be applicable only for the purposes of this aft 5 and if any surplus, to be applied to increase the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements. Common council empowered to appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money, to give security. Penalty on officers mif applymg any of the said moneys. City answerable in cafe of any mif applieation of the moneys. Amerciaments, Sec. against the city to be applicable to the uses of this aft, Sec. Disbursements of the 16, 5001. to be included in the chamberlain's annual account. This aft not to affect any of the city’s present creditors. Writings to be without damps. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Expenses of this aft how tq be paid. Didrefs not be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. See. Limitation of actions. General iffiie. Treble cods. Public aft. 

CAP. LXXII 

An act for erecting a building for holding the courts and exercising the jurisdiction of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Wedminfter, within the city and liberty of Weftminder, and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace and transacting the other pub lick buiinefs of the said city and liberty s and for appropriating part of the furpluftes of the orphans fund, towards defraying the expense thereof. 

Preamble. commifl}oners appointed, who may purchase a piece of ground for erecting a courthouse. No more than 7, 500!. to be expended therein. Bodies corporate, See empowered to sell and convey lands. The purchase money for lands in settlement, to be laid out in purchase of others to the feme uses. Commissioners empowered to build the court house. court house not to be taxed higher than the premises purchased were taxed. Commissioners not to purchase any ground till valued by a surveyor. Commissioners not to begin building the court house, until they have ap 

Eroved of a plan and agreed to an estimate thereof, and contrasted for uilding thereon. The expense of repairing the court house to be defrayed out of the county rates. By whose order the court house (hall be repaired. Recital of aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. for ettablifhing the orphans fund; and %\ Geo. a. and 7 Geo. 3. for augmenting the lame. City of London to pay an annuity of *471. I os. to the commissioners, by half yearly payments. The mayor, C to grant 55 bonds for fecunng the annuity. The bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. The justices to pay to the commissioners (out of the county rates) Aich further sums as (hall be neceflfarv, not exceeding 10001. Expenses of this aft how to be paid. Comnufiioneft may appoint officers, ' and allow them salaries. Place and time of firffc meeting. Fifteen commissioners may appoint an extraordinary meeting. Proceedings to be entered in a book. A yearly account of ail moneys re 

m3 ccivcd 

. 165 

r 

Anno decimo ottavo Georgii 111. c.73. £177$. 

ceiv«d and paid to be made by the treaftirer, and depocted with the clerk of the peace. Per font may inlpeft the books. See. When the court house u built, C the authority of the comtnifiioners to cease, and court hoafe veiled in tbs dean of Westminster, Arc Saving the rights of the justices for Middlesex to hold their meetings in Weitminfter. Writings to be without damps. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble cofu. Public aft. 

CAP. LXXIII 

An alt for paving the high street or rosd leading from alderfgate bars, in the parish of Saint fiotolph without ajdcrigatc, London, to the turnpike near the end of gofwell street, in the county of Middlesex;; for applying the sum of five thousand pounds, to be raised upon the credit or the furpluifes to arise out of a certain fund commonly called The Orphans’ Fund, for such purpoie. 

Preamble. Recital of aft 5 A 6 Gul. A Mar. for establishing the orphans.’ fund. A duty of 6 d. per chaldron laid on all coals or culm brought iota the port of London. Aft i Geo. %, by which tbc laid duty was further continued for 35 years. Aft 19 Geo. a. for building Blackfriars bridge. Aft 7 Geo. 3. for completing the said bridge, Ac. On July j, 1766, S, iool. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, Ac. 7, 500!. for embanking the Thames: 30, 0001. for redeeming the tolls on London bridge: 50, 0001. for building Newgate: and xo^oool. for repairing the Royal Exchange. Common council were empowered to borrow at 3!. xes. percent, per ann. for the purposes before mentioned. The orphans’ fund charged with the payment of moneys thentoforc borrowed, and also the fcid sum of 156, 0001. and to roodcr the find fund sufficient to pay off the said debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coats and culm was further continued fof 46 years, Ac. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the furpluffes were to be disposed of. Court of aldermen were to give six months notice of their intention to pay the respective fumt borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, Ac. In cafe of any deficiency in the laid fund, the same to be supplied out of the chamber of London. Common council empowered to pave the high street from alderfgate bars to the turnpike, and to appoint commissioners., commi(turners to consist of coramiifioners under the act of 11 Geo. 3. for paving the city, Ac. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Common council may order materials to be dug, Ac. and posts, bars, C to be removed; and may employ and contract with any persons for the performance of the works. Directions for giving notice of making contrasts. Common council or commiilioncrs may compound with persons for breach of contrast. Penalty on interrupting workmen. tl^e property of the pavements, Ac. veiled in the citizens of London. Penalty oit persons damaging the pavements, Ac. Common council empowered to sell old pavements. Common council empowered to raise pool, upon the orphans' fund. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities at 4 L 10 s. percent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for such annuities, assignable by endorsement. Orphans’ fund charged with the said annuities. Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied. Upon six months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to cease; but the principal to be still payable. In cafe of deficiency in the said furplufiea, the same to be made good out of the chamber of London. The pool. to be applicable only for tfie purposes of this all; and if any surplus, to be applied to incrcalc the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of rece ptg and disbursements. Common council to appoint oficers, and allow them salaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give ecu rity. Penalty on officers misapplying any of the said moneys. Penalty on officers taking fees. City answerable in cafe of any mi implication of the money. Amerciaments, Ac. against the city to be applicable to the Lies of this aft. Disbursements of the j, oool. to be included in the chamberlain’s annual account. This aft not to a/fcft any of the city's 

grefent 

i Anno decimo octavo Gjeorgii III c.74 — 79. 

present creditors. Writings not liable to stamp duty. Justices to determine complaints in a luminary way in cafes where no particular mode of recovering is directed. Penalties may be levied by distress. commis fidners may compound for penalties not exceeding CL Penalty on wit neftes refilling td attend, See. Saving rights of the commifnonerfc of fewdrs. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Expenses of this aft how to be paid. Distress not deemed to be unlawful for want of form, dice. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General ifnie. Treble coftt. Public aft. 

CAP. LXXIV 

An act to amend an act, parted in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the parifnioners of the pari Hi of Christchurch, in the county of Middlefe*, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhoufc, for the employing and maintaining the poor of the laid parish, and for the more cfteftual support and employment of the poor therein. 

CAP. LXXV 

An act for making a navigable canal from the town of Bafiflgftoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the cduntv of fturfey: and to the southeast fide of the turnpike road in the parifn of Turgus, in the said county of Southampton. 

CAP. lxxvl. 

An act for better paving, clean sin g, lighting, and watching, the ffreets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of St. Mary the Virgin atid St, Jadies the Apostle in the said town and county; and for removing and preventing nuiftices and annoyances therein. 

CAP. LXXVII 

An act for paving and repairing the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within such part of the liberty of Norton rofgate, in the county of Middlesex, as is extra parochial; and certain parts of magpie alley, and bloftom street, in thd parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the said county; and for removing obrtruftions and annoyances therein. 

CAP. LXXVIII 

An act for applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the furpluftes of a certain fund, commoly called The Orphans’ Fund, for the pufpofe of making a paflige for carriages from Spitalfields to fli fhopfgate street, in the county of Middlesex. 

Preamble. Aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of London to pay an annuity of 405i. to the commiflioncrs; and for that purpose to issue bouds under their common feal. Value and condition ot the bonds. Bonds to be numbered, and may be sold. Application of the money arising from sale thereof. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on six months notice. The orphans’ fund charged with the payment of the annuities.. Persons advancing money to pay expenses of this aft, to be allowed interest for the lame. Public aft. 

CAP. LXXIX 

Jtl a for pavings chanting, light, and thatching that town of 

Northampton; and for renaming and preventing objlrutlions, and annoyances therein. 

M 4 CAP. 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 80-85. £1778. CAP. LXXX 

An act for widening and improving a certain avenue called dirty lane, and part of brick lane, leading from Whitechapel to spi tal fields, in the county of Middlesex j and for paving dirty lane, andalfo the eajlftdc of petticoat lane, from Whitechapel high street to wentworth street; the aid avenue called wentworth street; from thence in one continued line, through Old montague street, chapel ttreet, and Princes kow, to baker's row inclusive, and the several Jlreets and pajfages leading into the same; and for removing all obfiruftions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future. 

CAP. LXXXI 

An act for continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two acts, one pajfed in the seventh and the other in the eighth years of his present Majestys reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over botley causeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks, 

'and Witney, in the county of Oxford. 

CAP. LXXXII 

An aftao enlarge the term and powers of several afts pajfed in the Jixth and twelfth years of King George the First, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefiy, and the ninth year of his present Majestys for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in they county of Hertford, to jjigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned. 

CAP. LXXXIII 

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, tor repairing the road leading from Long Horfiey bar or gate, on the post road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfiey, weldon bridge, and ivhittingham, to the river Breamijh, and from thence to Percy's Cross, in the county of Northumberland. 

CAP. LXXX IV 

An act to enlarge the term and powers of severed afts for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the county of Hertford j and the road jrom the bear inn in Hadley to the Angel in enfield chase; and also canewood lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said county of Middlesex;; the rood beginning at bar net Blockhouse and ending at the bear inn in Hadley aforesaid, 

CAP. LXXXV 

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made iff the thirty fccond*year of the reign of his 

* late nude fly King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aufierlands, in the west riding in the county of York 

CAP. 

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 86-92, 169 

CAP. LXXXVI 

An ait to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, pojfei in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chejler, to Whitecburch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the /aidaft mentioned; and for making a road of communication from the said road between Whitchurch Newport, to the present turnpike road from Newport aforesaid to Ecclefhall, in the county of Stafford. 

CAP. LXXXVII 

An ail to enlarge the term of an act pajfed in the thirtiethyearofhis late majefy King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcefter, through Silverflon and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to weston gate, in the parish of Wejlon on the Green, in the county of Oxford. 

CAP, LXXXVIII 

An ait for repairing and widening the road from the Birches Brook to buildwas bridge, and from thence to join they wattling street turnpike road at tern bridge, in the county of Salop. 

CAP. LXXX1X. 

An ait far enlarging the term and powers of an ait, made in the ' twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending; widening, and keeping in repair, several' ' leading from the market house in the town of Much fvenlody in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from gleeton hill to Creflage, in the said county. 

CAP. XC 

An ail to enlarge the term and powers of three ails, of the third and feventeen\h years of the rfign of King George the Seconds and the tenth year of the reign of his present majejly, for repairing the road leading from galley corner, adjoining to enfield chase, in the parish of South Mims, in the tountyof Middlesex, /i^ems ford mill, in the county Hertford. 

CAP. XCI 

An ait for repairing and widening the road from stoken church, in • the county of Oxford, to wheatley bridge, and from the said bridge to endow bridge, and from wheatley bridge to the mileway leading towards magdalen bridge; and from the mileway leading from Saint giles’s Church, near the city of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said county. 

CAP. XCII 

An ail for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing die highroad leading from 

Nortbal 

/ 

Anno decinao octavo oeorgii III C 93-96. ff 77 

Northallerton to that fodth Mall of the churchyard of the town of Tbirjk, and from the south edft end of the ftrett called 

finktll jlrut, in Thirjk aforesaid, to and through the town of Eqfingwtuld, in the county of to a place called Burton — 

flam near the city of York j and also the road from tbir/sb aforesaid to Tepcliffi* in the north riding of the county of Ytrk. 

CAP. XCIH. 

An alifor repealing ttrtaln parti if three feviral alls of, 

of the firjlf the fevtnttjtnth* and the thirtieth years of the reign of 

his late mmefly King George the, for repairing 

reads leading to and from the borough of Eveftum, in the county 

of Worceuer: and for repairing and widening the toad from Evesham bridge, in the find to that Globe Inn in 

Alceftcr, in that county Warwick. 

CAP. XCIV 

An all for enlarging the term ini poweri of an, made in the tbirttetb year of that reign of bit late majffly King George cond, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the eaffend of the town of Hertford in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to and from the 

town of Ware through Watton* to the north end of the town of Waliern* in the said county. 

CAP. XCV 

An aofor amending widening turning altering and repair the reads from whiftlc bridge, in a/barwick, 

in the aunty of Semerfet, to the turnpike parijb of 

Charminfter, in the county of Dorset,, from the croft in the town of Maiden Newton, to a flos water in the parijb of South Perrott, m the eounty ofdorfet; and from a place tailed furzc mdof Gate, in the parijb of Brbadwinfor, to lenhartt’s Water, in the parijb of Beamifter, and from bugler’s corner in town of Beamifter, to though Dorset (hire Inn, in the parijb of Woolcombe j and from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerhe Abbas, and front the t if Frsrmpton, join the western turnpike road near Steepletoh, in that said county of Dorset 

• XCVI 

An CL for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a mad in the thirty frond year of the reign of bis late majtfty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the jroad leading from the east fide of in the 

county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor and from thence to Waite Croft, and alio the road from the guide post in Barugb to a rivulet called Batugh, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the township of Cawtborne* in the said county. 

CAP. 

k 778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 97 — 103.' 171 

CAP. XCVII 

An act Jar more ejfeftuolly amending, widening and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the eounty of Somcrfct; and far repealing two acts, one of the twenty fifib year of bis late Majesty, A s/arr of the fifth year of 

his present Majesty, relating to the said roads; for amending, 

widening, keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining 

thereto. 

CAP. XCVIII 

dtf ir repairing and widening the road from the city */glou ccftcr the town of Stroud, a the county of Gloucester. 

CAP. XCIX 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, in the twenty 

ninth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the top of hinkfey bill to foxcombe hits Gate in the road leading to Farringdon in the county of Berks. 

CAP. C 

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty six tb year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several roads leading from the Red Pojl, in the parifti of Fivebead* through the towns of Langport and Sonterton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cambridge to Street Cross, in the county of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto. * 

CAP. CI 

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty ^jbeth year of the reign of his late m.d.. jefty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Maiet and foelcbefter\ in the county of Somerset, Jo far as the same relates to the toads * 

therein called The Ivclcheftcr Turnpike Roads. 

CAP. CL 

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, pafjed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucejler, towards Cheltenham and Tewkefiury, in the county of glose after. 

CAP. CIII 

An act for repairing and widening the road from chippenham bridge, in the county of Wilts, to the top of togg hill, in the county 0/giouceftef; and from thetlone pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said county of Gloucester. 

CAP.' 

£ 

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III C 104 — 109. [177 

An abl for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in th' ' year of the reign of his late majesty King George ttnt Secondy intituledy An afor repairing and widening the roads from Donnington high bridge to Hale Drovey and to the eightra mile stone, in the parish of twig tofty and to Langret Ferry $ in the county of Lincoln. 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in the thirty firjl year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffieldy in the county of Tork sofar as tbefame relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other ably made in the fir ft year of the reign of his present Majesty y for amending and rendering more ejfeblual the said abt. 

An abl to enlarge the term and powers of several ablsy pajfed in the fourth year of King George the First, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Readingy leading by and through the several parishes of Shiftfield and Heckfieldy in the several counties of Berkty Wilts and Southampton to Basing jlote, in the said county of Southampton. 

An abl to enlarge the term and powers of an ably pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Secondy for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpethy by or through Mitfordy Thropplty long witton9 and by the north fide of Rothley Pari Wally to Sting Crofsy and to the V High Cross in Elfdon9 in the county of Northumberland. 

An abt for continuing and amending an ably made in the twenty ft xth year of the reign of his late Majesty y for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrithy in the county of Cumberlandy by Hutton Hally over Skelton and Cajlle Sower by pafiuresy and southeast braham bridgey to Chalk Becky in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road, upon Cajlle Sowerby Pajlure aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejktty othermithejket newmarkety to Caldbecky in the said county. 1 

An abl to empower the trustees for amending the road fromuttoxetir to newcastle under lime, in the county of Stafford, to repair and widen the road branching out of the said road at lower lane, to the turnpike road on hem heath, in the same county. 

CAP. CIV 

CAP. CV 

CAP.' CVI 

CAP. CVII 

CAP. CVIII 

CAP. CIX 

CAP, 

* 77^0 Anno decimo octavo Georgii IIL C i 10 — 114. - iyj CAP. CX 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, pajfed in the. thirtieth year of the reign of bis mafejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of dapdon wharf, in the parith of Stoke, next Guldeford, through. Guldeford to andrews Cross, and to alfold bors, in the county 

of Surrey, and from thence to Sdint Marfs Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Suffer. 

CAP. CXI 

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, entitled. Aft aft for amending, repairing, and widening, the roads leading from the rye way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejleigne% in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leiniwardine;. and from Prefleigne aforesaid, to the top of trap hill; and from the rye way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop \ and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several other roads, branching out of the roads comprised in the said aft. 

CAP. CXII 

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to chain bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the direction post in Kingfthorpe, in the county of Northampton, to Welford - bridge, in the said county; andfor repealing several a ft 5, made in the eighth year of King George the Firjl, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads. 

CAP. CXIII 

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late mayfly King George the Second, entitled. An act tor repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighlye, in the west riding of the county of York, tp Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of fveftmoreland. 

CAP. CXIV 

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tetbury, in the county of Gloucester, to and through Malmelbury, to chippenham bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from Malmefbury to the turnpike road at or near jackament’s Bottom, in the said county of Gloucester; and also the road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmefbury, and to the turnpike road at Afton T urville; and also from Sherftone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath. 

CAP 

*74 

Anno derimo o&avogeorgii III CI 15, 116. (177^-c A P. CXV 

A ob for reputing an a8, made in the twenty-fifth year ef the. reign ef his late nujefiy King George the for repairing' 

and widening the road leading from a part of the road (directed to be repaired bean ad parted in the last session of parliament, from Cartifieto Newcafilt open Tyne) near y to 

another part of the road (lb making from Cartifie to neva tofilt) upon Sbildon Common, in the county of Northumberland 5 and for making, more efftflual provision for the repair of the said road. 

CAP. CXVI 

An off for altering, repairing, and, the road from Sumner 

Rods Bar, near the town of Hexham, in the Northumberland, to the town of Alrton, in the county of Cumberland. 

END of PART I. VOL. XXXII 

THE, 

% 

Statutes? at J, a*j|e, 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III Regis. 

Being the FIFTH Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain. 

by 

D ANBY PICKERING, of gray’s Inn, Eiq; 

Vol. XXXII Part II 

?le 

THE ' 

STATUTES at Large, canno 

regni G E O R g11 III 

lice Britannice, Francice, 

decimo Nono. 

AT the parliament begun and at west minster, the twenty-ninth day of November, 

Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, 

King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued by several prorogations, to the twenty sixth day of November, 1778; being the fifth session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain. 

• \ 

CAP. I. 

An act for further continuing an act, made in tie seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majtfly, entitled, An adt to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treafop, committed in any of his majesty’s colonies or plantation in America, or on thd high feasor the crime of piracy.! 

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of Preamble. 

the reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An at to L qwt nr. empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, cap. 9; recited or fufpeaed of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy;) which was to continue and be in force until the first day January, one thousand fevtn hundred and seventy 

eighty and no longer: and whereas an act was made in the laji sessions of parliament for continuing the said act until the firs day of January, one thoufandfevtn hundred and seventy rnnfy and no longer: 

Vol. XXXII N and 

and further continued till Jan. 1, 1780. 

Preamble. 

The term limited by lav for paying the drawback on the exportation of muslins and white cal L coesj extended' ' 

decimo nonogeorg 11 III ca — — X 779- 

and whereas it is expedient that the aid first mentioned tiff Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said first mentioned ad, and all and every the daufes, provisoes, powers, and qualifications therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer. 

CAP. II 

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. At Jour billings in the pound. 

CAP. III 

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service cf the year one thoulaad leven hundred and seventy nine. 

CAP. IV 

An at for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muslins, calicoes, and coffee. 

WHEREAS there are great quantities of mujhns and white calicoes fill remaining in the kingdom, which were imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which, by reajon of the interruption given to trade by the rebellion and dif urbane es fubftjling infevera I of the British colonies in North America, the proprietors of such goods have not been, and may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time should be granted for the exportation of such goods; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, for all muslins and white calicoes which were imported by the said united company into this kingdom, in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, one thousand seven hundred and fevernty four, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for all muslins and white calicoes imported into this kingdom' by the said united company, in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which (hall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for all muslins and white calicoes which have been exported from this kingdom, and which were returned 

here 

1779-] Anno decimo norio Georgii III C 4. 

here for want of a market abroad, on or before the thirtieth day of Dumber, otie thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and which (hall be re exported again from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, whether such mud ins or calicoes (hall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed, in this kingdom, or not, the exporter or exporters of such goods (hall be allowed and paid the same drawbacks, under the like rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled and liable to, in cafe such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation or return thereof; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithffanding, 

II And whereas by an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An adt for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins and calicoes imported by the Eafi India company in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company to expose to sale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such bohea teas as (hall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the thip shrewsbury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three,) it was, amongst ottier things, enacted, that, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the time of importation, there Should be drawn back and allowed, for all coffee which Should be exported from this kingdom as merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, to the exporter or exporters thereof such and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under such rules, regulations, fecuritics, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been entitled to in ease such coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the times of the importation thereof: and whereas very small quantities of coffee are exported from this kingdom to Ireland or the plantations, thp principal ana chief of such exportations being to Germany, and other parts of Europe; and it is expedient that the said in part recited aft Should extend to other foreign parts; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, that the said in part recited ad (hall extend, and be construed to extend, to allow the like drawback for any coffee which have been exported from this kingdom to any foreign parts, since the fifth day ok April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and which then remained in the said company's warehouses unfold, or which (hall be hereafter fo exported to any foreign parts within the term of five years from the importation thereof, under the same rules and regulations, securities penalties, and forfeitures, as the former drawback was allowed; anything in the said recitedad, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

N 2 CAP. 

*77 

16 Geo. ftt. cap 51, recited 

Part of the said ad, i elating to tne drawback on the exportation or coffee to Ireland or America, extended to other foreign Parts. 

*78 

Anno decitno nono Georgn III C 5. [1779* 

CAP. V 

An <7/7 for granting relief totht copters of with rtfpifl to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom. 

Preamble XU«E *E.A.S .hism&fy, order in dated the 

reciting hi V V twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand fevtn hundred and Ma jetty’s or fevinty eighty was pie ofed to order that general reprifah be granted der in council qgainft the Jhipsy goods, and fubjetlsy of the French kingy and that as of July »9, wn Qn £js Majgjiy s jbfts and/trips y as also all other tips and vtf g 1 fels that hall he commi/fmeiy by letters of mark or general reprifah 

or otberwifty by the commifftoners for executingjhe office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, ball and may lawfully seize all /bips9 vef~ felsy and goods belonging to the French king or bis fvbjefisy or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the French kingy and bring the jame to judgement in any of his Majestys court of almiralty within his Majestys dominions: and whereas it is expedient that the several pfovifions of an a ft made in the lost fe/fton of parliament, (entitled y An act for the relief of the captors of prizesf with refpett to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom) should be extended in like manner to all prize goods which have been or may bey taken from the French, in purfuaace of his Mojejly's said order in counjel\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords piri tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited adt, made in the lad lesion of parliament, and all the articles, cfoqfes, and provisions therein, (hall extend, and be construed to extend, to all prize goods which have been taken. fr°m t^jc trench since the twenty-ninth day of July, one thou 

July'v9” *!778, fond seven hundred and seventy eight, or which (hall hereafter C be taken, during the continuance of the present hostilities with 

Francty by any of his majesty’s (hips or vessels of war, or by any private or other (hip or vessel having commission or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britainy or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britainy for the time being, for that purpose. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all (hips or vessels which (hall have been, or which (hall be lb taken as aforesaid, (hall, upon condemnation as lawful prize, be subject and liable to the same duties, cuftonas, restrictions, and regulations, and (hall be entitled to the same privileges and advantages in all respects, to which (hips and vessels taken and condemned as prize are subject and liable to, and entitled to, by any law or statute of this realm. 

III Provided always, That nothing contained in this aft, or ia any other actor acts of parliament made in this kingdom, (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any (hips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be taken as prizes and 

same cuttomi, brought into the kingdom of Ireland, from the payment of any fic. at if lm 6 i cuftorns 

iggeo. III cap. 15, extended to prize taken from the French since 

Such priae* after condemnation, to be fubu ft to the same duties, etc. as other prizes. 

Prize Good brought into Ireland Jto be subject to the 

1779o Annd decimo none gfiorgir III C 6. *79 

customs or duties, or from being subject to such restrictions and ported there as regulations to which the same now are or may be liable, by vir 'incrchan lic* tue of any law or statute made in that kingdom, in cafe the same had been imported there as merchandise in the ordinary course of the trade, and not brought in a9 prize. 

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore direftionsre feid. That if any tea, or other Eaji India goods, which are or may latin t0 be liable to any duties ad valorem, which (hall be taken and » 

condemned as prize, shall be exported from this kingdom to as prj4c Ireland, the certificates, coequets and other documents, (hall ex and exported press the price or value at which such goods were sold by the to Irelaud. captors or their agents upon condemnation * and such coequets and other documents shall have the same force and effedf, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, upon the importation of such goods into Ireland, as if the said goods had been imported by, and sold at, the Tales of the united company of merchants of \ England trading to the East Indites. 

CAP. VI 

An act to authorise the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time beings to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral sir Hugh Palliser again the honourable admiral Augustus Keppel, to be hoiden on Jbore. 

WHEREAS by the laws now in being court-martial for the prcambie> trial of officers, mariners, soldiers, and other persons in or be longing to his Majefifs fleets are to be hoiden on jh'ip board, and no member of such court-martial after the trial is begun can go on Jbore until sentence be given, but is to remain on board the Jbip in which the said court first ajfembles, except in cafe of sickness: and whereas the commissioners for executing the office cf lord high admiral have intimated an intention to order a court-martial, on a charge exhibited by vice admiral sir Hugh Palliser aga nfi the honourable Augustus Keppel, admiral and commander in chief of a fleet of his Majejiys Ilips of war, for the trial of the said admiral on that charge: and whereas, by rtafin of his infirm slate of health, the necejfary attendance of the said admiral on such court-martial may greatly endanger After the bis life; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may been court-martial acted;; be it enabled by the king’s most excellent Majesty, (or the trial by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and pi rhall temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled', have been and by the authority of the same. That it (hall and may be law constituted full for the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for execut sworn, it ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, to order that, after such court-martial shall have been du venient place If assembled and constituted and the members thereof, and the on shore as judge advocate duly fwomv according to the laws now in being (hall he ap the said court shall be adjourned to, and hoiden in, suck convenient place on (hore, as to the said lord high almiral, or the 0f ad laid commissioners for.executing the office of lord high admiral, miralty. 

N 3 (hall 

i So 

No member of the court-martial to depart from the house in which it (ball be held during the trial, except in cafe of sick gefs. 

Anno dedmo nono Georgii IIL C 8. [1779. 

shall seem necessary or expedient 5 and such court-martial is and shall hereby be authorised and required to adjourn to such place accordingly, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

II Provided always, and be it further enacted, that, after such adjournment (hall have taken place, no member of such court-martial (hall separate and depart from the house in which such court-martial (hall be directed to be held until the trial is ended, except in cafe of sickness, to be judged of by the said court, upon pain of being cashiered from his Majerty's service; and that the (aid court-martial (hall be held and proceed in all other respects in the same manner and form as if the same (hold continue on board the (hip in which it is originally to be assembled. 

CAP. VII 

An all for making the church or chapel erected by Charles Roe Esquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of Chester, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the same, and veiling the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the laid Charles Roe, his heirs and assigns; and for other purposes. 

Preamble; recking that Charles Roe esquire hath built a church in Macclesfield, and incloied a burying ground for the same, Sec. Church or Chapel to be consecrated, C and made a perpetual cure. Right of presentation veiled in Mr. Roe, Scc. Minilbr incorporated, and the Church or Chapel veiled in him. Church or Chapel to be fubjell to the jurii diction of the bishop of Chester. Not to be deemed a new pari(h, nor to jifclt any afleftments. Duty of the minister or curate. Miniller absenting, or neglecting his duty, cure to be deemed vacant, and filled up by Mr. Roe, C If vacancy not filled up in a certain time by Mr. Roe, C the right of nomination to lapse in the usual order. No marriages or buryingplaccs in the new church. Chriftenings and burials to be re eiftered in the old chapel. Double fees for churchings and burials; one half of which to be accounted for to the Minister, cof the old chapel. How to be recovered. Rates for burial in the new burying ground. Church or chapel wardens to be appointed by Mr. Roe, his heirs, &c„ .Clerk, organist, See. to be appointed by Mr. Roe, C Rents of (eats to the amount of isol. per Ann. veiled in the church or chapel wardens; the tell may be let or sold by Mr. Roe, C Seats for the rector and wardens to be reserved. Rents of pews to be entered in a book. Rents of seats to be paid half yearly: on failure thereof, how to be recovered. .Wardens to pay salaries to mihifter, Sec. to provide books, bread and wine. Sec. for the sacrament, and to repair the Church. If salaries are not paid within 30 days after due, bow they may be recovered. Not more than half a year’s ar rears to be recovered from succeeding wardens. Wardens to keep an account of receipts and dilburferaents; and to account and pay the surplus money to Mr. Roe, Sec. Mr. Roe to pay aool. for the augmentation of the chapels of Rainow and Saltersfordt on failure thereof, this all to be void. Rights of the vicarage of Preftbury not to be prejudiced. General saving of rights. Public all. 

CAP. VIII 

An all for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore. Preamble. After *5 March, 1779, during the continuance of this a pvery marine officer and private man on Shore, who (hall mutiny or desert, etc. or list in any other regiment, etc. or (hall be found sleeping on, or (hall desert, his post, or hola corefpondence with the enemies of his Majelly, or shall strike, or disobey his superior officer; (hall suffer death, t>r such punishment as a court-martial thall inflih, The lord high ad ‘ miral. 

1779‘] Anno dcdmo nono georgh III C 

roiral, or commissioners for executing that office, may grant a commission for holding a general court-martial, C court-martial may inflict corporal pumfhment for immoralities, C Lords, See. of ibe admiralty iin powered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, Sec. and to constitute court-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be fo punishable by this aft. General court-martial not to conftft of less than 13 } and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. cburt martial may administer an oath to witneflls. Officers to be sworn. judge’s charge before oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what number of officers (hail concur. See. Hours of trial. The party tried entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. Scc. of court-martial to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, C None to be tried a second time for the same offence. Sentence not to be revised more than once. Deserters beyond sea, Sec may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft not to exempt any on shore from ordinary process. Persons acquitted, See. by the civil magiitrate may only be cafiltered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, See. to be delivered pver to the civil magistrate, Sec. Penalty on officers refusing to deliver over offenders. Fictitious names allowed by his majesty’s order upon the muster rolls for the maintenance of officers’ widows, not to be conitrued a falie mutter. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in uo dittillers or (hopkeepers houses, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering men contrary to this aft, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justice, and be relieved. Officers and marines to pay rates for their provisions. What innholders nay allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters, and the constables to billet the same accordingly. No paymaster, C to make deduftioqs out of officers or 

jprivate men's pay. Exception. Officers to give notice to inkeepers of ubfiftence moqey in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, Scc. for marines quarters. Officers not given notice of subsistence money, and paying quarters, Paymaster to satisfy them out of the arrears: and in cafe of no arrears due, the paymaster may deduct out of the next subsistence money Officers negleftmg to be cashiered. On moving fvom quarters, the officer to make up accounts, arid give certificates for money due. Paymaster to pay the turn certified for. Officers, ftc. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direst. Justices may order constables, to provide carriages for the marine forces in their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forceing wagons to travel more than one days’s journey, C Penalty on ccnttables. Scc. Neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the conitable’s extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No wagon, C to carry above 10 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives, C not to be quatered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constables may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice. Justices to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up defertert. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, Scc. This aft to extend to deserters, See. in Ireland. Continuance of this aft. Offences against former afts may be inquired of and puniftied as under this aft: Provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial; except ih cafes of desertion only. No volunteer liable to pcocefs, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process; otherwise the prisoner to be discharged, with costs. Plaintiff giving notice may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on constables, Scc. neglecting 

N, 

L oo<?le 

a Anno decimo nooo Georqii III C [1779. 

to quarter rear iocs; or taking money to excuse any person from quarter jng} and on victuallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order Constables to give an account of the number of officers and private men, and where quartered. Clause for relief of persons hastily lifting themselves. As often as it (hall be nectflary, officer of tile marine and land forces msyfit in con}unction upon court-martial f taking rank according to the leniority of their comnvffions. Nfyine forces being born as part of the compliment of any (hips of warfare liable to be governed by fjhe rules cftablifficd by aft %% Qto. II 

CAP. IX 

An act for allowing the importation of fine organzined Iuliat| thrown silk in any ships or vefiils9for a limited time. 

preamble. \X7HE R E A S by an act made in the fecottd year of tba W reign of their late majesties King William and £>ueeu Mary 

(entitled, An act for the difeouraeing the importation of thrown silk)) ft other things in the said act contained, the bringing in cf thrown ft of the growth or production of Italy is prohibited, fltf less imported in fitch Jbips or vessels, and navigated in fiucb manner? as in and by an act) made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second (entitled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of (hipping and navigation,) is directed and allowedf and brought from some of the ports of those countries or places ipber*' of the same is the growth or production, and which Shall come dire ft If 6y sea, and not otherwise: and whereas there is at present very great and immediate want of organzined thrown silk from Italy, for the use and purpose of warp in the silk manufacture) without which the manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of manufacturers muss be unemployeds be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Italian organ parliament aftertibled, and by the authority of the same, That kined thrown it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to im silk maybe import or bring into this kingdom from any port or place, or in any veflll and3ny ^^por vefol Whatsoever, until the expiration of twenty days after from any the commencement of the next session of parliament, organzined place, for a LI thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy, anything mned time, contained in the said recited afts, or any other aft, to she contrary thereof notwithfianding. 

Certain kinds II Provided always. That this aft, nor anything herein of thrown silk contained, (hall extend to give liberty to import any Italian to which the thrown silk that (hall be coarler than a sort thereof known and portation diftinguilhied by the name of Third Bolonia, nor any sorts of hereby given, silk commonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy, nor any ifhali not ex other thrown (ilk of the growth or production of Turkey, fierfia, India, or Chinay under the penalty, of forfeiting all filch thrown silks as (hall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this aft; one moiety whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who (hall, seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by bill, 

7 plaint. 

1779-1 * Aano dcciroo new Georgji III e. 10. 183 

plaint, or information, in any of hi? majcfty’s court? of record at ffeflminjtery wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law, (hall be allowed. 

III And, for the better and more effectual execution of this All organzin act, and to prevent the importation of any sort of thrown (ilk d thrown silk not organxined, be it further eoacted apd declared. That all imported by Inch organxined thrown, silk as is allowed to be imported by JJVJ* tiu this acf, wheresoever landed, (hall be brought tp his Majefty’? brought to the customhouse at London to the intent that 00 other sort of custom boufc thrown silk may be imported than that allowed by this a, at London, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown (ilk as (hall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this ac; one moiety whereof (hall be to the use of his Majesty bis heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person pr persons who (hall seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of jaw, (hall be allowed; anything to the contrary hereof in anywise nptwithftanding. 

CAP. X 

Jn aft for repealing an act made in the hji jejjion of parliament, entitled An act for the more easy and better recruiting of hb Majefty’* land forces and marines; and fer fubfituting aether and more effectual previftons in the place thereof 

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majesty's land forces and Preamble. 

marines, it is necejjary that a new supply of men be forthwith raifedy in the mojtfpeedy and effectual manner, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common consent and grant in parity went: and whereas it is highly expedient that further and other frovifions be made for that purpose than those contained in an act made in the hjl fejfton of parliament, (entitled, An acfc for the 18 Geo. ?« more easy and better recruiting of his majesty’s land forces cad. $5, red and marines;) be it therefore enabled by the king’s mod ex cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, and repealed, from and after the pafiing of this a, the said recited acl (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that within and A levy of throughout the several and respective counties, (hires, fte able-bodied wartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parirties, ^|*5etobe towns, and places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual jh*ougb©ut levy of able-bodied men to serve his Majesty as soldiers, (hall great*britain, be forthwith had, made, practised, and put into execution, according to the rules and directions of this present act. 

II And it is hereby further enacted, That the justices of Justice of the the peace of every county, (hire, ftewartfy, riding, liberty, or peace, coinplace, within the kingdom of Great Britain, as aforesaid;; all and every the persons who were named or otherwise ap anj pointed to be commiflipners for putting in execution an act of trates otcor 

parliament, poratioinam! 

184 Anno decimo nono georgii III C 10. [1779. 

burgbs.to parliament, made and passed at Westminster in the fifteenth 

execotioir year ^ his present Majesty, (entitled. An afl far 

9 granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great 

Britain, for the fervue of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five,) or any subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpose, within the several and respective counties, (hires ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, therein particularly expressed, who are (till living and have duly qualified themselves according to the said ads or (hall quality themselves according to this present ad, in that behalf, (hall be commissioners for putting in execution this present ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs cinque tports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were fo named and appointed respectively; and that all and every the acting justices of the peace, and magistrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or (hall beading in any of his majesty’s commissions of the peace, or in the mhgiftracy of such corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this ad, although not specially named or appointed commissioners by the said ad or ads), (hall be likewise commissioners for putting in execution this present ad, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commissions and jurifdidions respectively: all which commissioners, by this ad intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to use their ut mod care and diligence that his majesty’s service in making such levies as afote&id be not disappointed or neglected. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice tor that purpose from the secretary at war, (hall (end precepts to the respective bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurisdiction of the said (heriff, directing them to summon the several justices of the peace, and commissioners of the land tax, in their respective divisions and liberties, to attend at the usual place of meeting in every division, upon a certain day in the said precepts named, (such day not to be named within six days after the date of the said precepts,) within the time limited by the 'secretary at war. Notice of the (notice of which day (hall be sent to the war office and ad midday of meet ralty upon thi issuing of the precepts by the (heriff,) to qualify themselves for the execution of this ad; and the said commis war’ fioners (hall then and there appoint the several times and places for the succeeding meetings, in each of their respective subdivisions, during the continuance of this ad, and (hall have power to adjourn, from time to time, as they (hall find convenient; and the said justices of the peace, and commissioners 

________ the land tax, at such their first meeting, or at some other 

n^ingsfand meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, (hall ifliie issue precepts their precepts to the high constables, headboroughs, or other 

proper 

and to take care that his majesty’s fer vicofee not neglected. 

High (heriffs, C upon notice from the secretary at war, to lflue precepts for fumraonin^ the com mi f fioners to meet, and. qualify them. 

. the war office, C commiffio pert to ap point the times and places of their (hcceeding 

*779*] Anno decimo nono Georoii III C 10. 185 

proper officers, for the respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, wa for that pur penrakes, or other subdivisions, within the said counties, (hires, p?**to fiewartries, ridings, or divisions, as aforesaid * precepts ^ a‘ (hall contain an account of the times and places appointed for * the fuccceding meetings, and (hall be returnable on a day therein to be named; and such high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers are hereby required forthwith to signify the times and places fo appointed for such meetings to the federal commissioners residing within their respective districts; and the said commissioners affcmblcd at such first meeting (hall and to give also give notice of the time and place of all and every succeed notice tr.ereof ing meeting, to, be appointed as aforesaid, to the secretary at war, or to the military officer or officers whom they (hall have foau attend ** learned, by notice from the secretary at war, or secretary to the this service. admiralty, to be directed to attend this service. 

IV Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That all Sheriff! to be reasonable charges or expenses incurred by any (henff, or de, *, the puty (heriff, in the execution of this adt, (hall be allowed in the curr^inthe accounts of such (heriff at the reeeipt of his majesty’s exche execution of quer, or repaid by the lord high treasurer or the commissioners this adt. 

of the treasury for the time being. 

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe proviforclat the (econd meeting, appointed to be held in any subdivision, second (hall be at fo great a distance of time as to render it inconvenient 

to issue warrants for bringing persons before such coins * missioner at the second meeting, then the commissioners of such fqbdtvi(ion respectively may adjourn themselves to some convenient day previous to such second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid. 

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, 

at their first general meeting assembled, to appoint a clerk ay Tppoint' to attend them then, and at each of their subsequent meetings, a clerk * and for the commissioners of the several subdivisions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their respective meetings in each subdivision wherein soldiers are to be enlisted, as herein afiter mentioned; and such respective clerks, as a reward for their labour wf»o (hall re and pains in the execution of this adt, (hall be entitled to, and CC ve fr (hall receive, for every man who (hall be lifted in pursuance of jjftvctat their this adt, at the meetings whereon they (hall respectively attend, respective the sum of two (billings of lawful money ot Great Britain, to be meetings, paid by the respective officers who (hall receive such new raised men respectively. 

VII Provided always, and be it enacted. That no person Commission 

or persons, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or com era in England missioner for any county, riding, city, borough, cinque port, ** 

or place, of England, jvales^ or Berwick upon Tweed, (except the such as duly qualified themselves to be justices of the peace, or oaths appom commissioners for executing the said adt for the land tax made by as and passed in the fifteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, or 

any fublequept adjt pr acts of parliament for that purpose)) 

be 

186 

i Geo. I. 

and6.goe.ui. 

no commis lionert m scot land, nil they have qualified themselves as the laws there direct 

commission crs in England acting before they have taken the oaths, 

forfeit too 1. 

nd com an if (loners in Scotland) sol. 

Anno dccirao nono grorcni till. C io. f 1779; 

be capable, in England, Wales y or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commidioner or commissioners in the execution of this adfor executing any the powers of the commifiioners herein mentioned, unless it bethe power hereby given of administering oaths, until such time as he or they (hall have taken the oaths appointed by two ads of parliament, one made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An afl for the further ftcurhy of his maje/fy’s person and government, and the juccejfon of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and (eeret abettors;) and the other made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for altering the oath of abjuration and af furanae\ and for amending so much of an ail of the seventh year of her late majefiy £)ueen Anne, entitled, An adt for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned, to persons indited of high t reef on or misprision of treason;; oaths it (hall and tnay be lawful to and for any two or thore of the said commissioners to administer, and they arc hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said commissioners: and that no person or persons hereby appointed to be a commissioner or commissioners for any part of Scotland, (except such as duly qualified themselves, according to law, to be justices of the peace or commissioners there for executing the said adv for the land tax made and passed in the fifteenth year of his majesty’s reign, or any fubfequetit act or adls of parliament for that purpose)) be capable of acting as a commissioner or commissioners in the execution of this present adl, in any part of Scotland, until such rhyme as he or they respectively (hall have taken and fubferibed the oaths of allegi gance and abjuration, and have fubferibed the a flu ranee appointed by law to be taken and fubferibed by persons in offices of public troff in Scotland 

VIII Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, riding, town, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upontweed, (except as bcfo.e excepted) (hall presume to ads as a commissioner in the execution of this adt, before be (hall have taken the said oaths which by this adt he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prescribed, he (hall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his mqefty’s courts of record at Wefimitfler, wherein no efloin, protc&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any (hire, ftewartry, burgh, or place in Scotland, (except as before excepted), (hall presume to adt as a commissioner in the execution of this adt, before that he (hall have qualified himfirff according to the laws in Scotland, he (hall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer 

in 

*779-3 Anno decimo none Geokgii III C 10. 187 

in Scotland in the lame manner as any other penalties are there recoverable. 

IX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority q^alrficahen aforesaid, That no commilfioner of the land tax, not being a 

justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a bo Jounces at rough, hall be capable of acting as a com midi oner in the exe large withia cution of this ad, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or England, for any county at large within England, or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York unless such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, hi the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his own estate, by virtue of the laid ad for the land tax, made and palled in England in the tifteenrb year cf his majesty’s reign, or any subsequent ad or ads of parliament for that perpoie; or unless such person fo appointed to be a commioioner that, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds, or more, within the said county or riding respectively;; thing herein contained to the contrary noewith standing. 

X Provided always, and be it enacted. That no commis anj ^ Waks. fioner of the land tax, not being a justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a borough, (hall be capable of acting 

as a commilfioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county within the dominion of ivaus, unleft such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same county. Cor the value of sixty pounds per annum, r more, of his own estate, by virtue of the said ad for the land (axe made and palled in England in the fifteenth year of his majesty’s reign, or any subsequent ad, or ads of parliament for that purpose, or unless ich person fo 1 appointed to be a commilfioner shall!, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of sixty pounds, or more, within the said county, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XI And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person Person dif 

intenckd by this ad to be disabled for the cause last. mentioned, ahled prefam shall nevertheless prefame to ad as a commilfioner in the exe ^ | 

cution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, every r 50 ’ such person, for such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty 

pounds, to any person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminftir, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid. 

XII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That commission no person who is appointed to be a commilfioner for executing erg may ad this ad in any part of Great Britaint shall be disabled, for the for any city, cause last mentioned, from acting as a commilfioner within arcfofca and for any city, borough, cinque port, or corporate town bitants, or for only, whereof he shall bo an inhabitant at the time of the exe inns of court. 

cution 

1 $ 8 

In cafe of insufficiency of commiftion ers for any city, etc. those for the county at large, may aft for the same. 

Mayors, bai ]iffs, etc. may aft as commissioners specially appointed. 

No military officer may be a co m mi lion cr. 

commissioners empower ed to levy such men as are herein described j 

and to call in the aflfiltance or parish and town officers and 

to meet in their fub divifioos. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C to. [ 1779. 

cution of this aft, or from acting as a commissioner within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery. 

XIII And be it further enacted, That in cafe there (hall not be a sufficient number of commissioners for afiy city, borough, town, port, or place of Great Britain, (for which by this act commifiioners are specially appointed,) capable of acting according to the respective qualifications required by this aft then, and in every such cafe, any of the commifiioners appointed for the county or (hire or ftewartry at large, within which such city, borough, town or place, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may aft as commifiioners in the execution of this aft, within such city, borough, town, port, or place, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XIV And whereas. doubts may arise whether mayors, bailiffs and other chief magifirates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports, for which commifiioners are specially appointed by virtue of the faidaft for the land tax made in the fifteenth year of bis Majefiy's reign, or any subsequent aft or afts of parliament for that purpose, can act as commifiioners for executing this aft, in the said cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all mayors, bailiffs, and other chief magifirates, who are appointed commifiioners for executing this aft, (hall be, and have power to aft as commifiioners for executing this aft, within and for any city, borough, town corporate, or cinque port, wherein they inhabit at the time of executing this aft, as well where commissioners are specially appointed by this aft, as where they are not. 

XV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That no person who, at the time of the execution of this aft, shall! have any military office or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia, or any regiment of fencible men,) (hall execute any power or authority by this aft given to the commissioners as aforesaid. 

XVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective places or^ftations, (hall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause to be railed and levied, at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, within their several limits and jurisdictions, all able-bodied idle and disorderly persons, who cannot, upon examina on, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some fubffance sufficient for their support and maintenance, to serve his Majesty as soldiers; and to require and command all and every the high conffables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty confta conftabjes, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parish and town officers, or any of them, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the performance of this his majefiy’s service; and for that purpose the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are to meet 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III C to. 189 

in their respective subdivisions, according to the appointment 

of the justices and commissioners as aforesaid, and to issue out and issue ge 

their warrants under their hands and seals, thereby requiring neral 

and commanding such churchwardens, overseers ot the poor, bringing be 

petty constables, head boroughs, tithingmen, or other parifti or fore them, at 

town officers, or elfe requiring and commanding the said high their second 

constables to issue their precepts to such churchwardens, fubdiyifion 

overseers, petty constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and 

other parish ana town officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, fn the de 

to make, or cause to be made, a general search within their re feriptionof 

fpeftive parishes, townships, cpnftablewicks, or other places, for this aft. 

all such persons as they can find who are or (hall appear to them 

to be within the defeription of this aft, and to briqg all such 

persons before the commissioners who have power to execute 

this aft in and for such county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, division, 

or place, at such time and place as (hall have been appointed, 

by the justices and commissioners as aforesaid, for the fecopd 

meeting of the said commissioners in their respective subdivisions, 

(which time and place (hall be prefixed in the said 

warrants and precepts respectively)) afterwards the said Subsequent 

commissioners, within their respective limits and diviflons, (hall meetings to be. 

meet at such convenient time or times as they (hall think fit, in at fiicb times 

order to issue their warrants or precepts for making general jjcacc* M 

searches for persons within the (aid defeription, and for bringing thought fit. 

them before the commissioners at any future times and places 

appointed by the justices and commissioners as aforesaid, during 

the continuance of this aft. 

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons guilty That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in goj^ans their respective places and stations, (hall be, and are hereby fonvifted in a authorised and empowered to raise and levy, or cause to be penalty not railed and levied, to serve his Majesty as a soldier, (at any time exceeding 40j. or times during the continuance of this aft, within their respective 

limits and jurisdictions, and subject to the several rules neu ofall1 and regulations herein specified for the raising and levying per legal penal fons who have no lawful trade or employment,) all able-bodied ties, persons who (hall be guilty of illegal landing, running, un(hipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandises, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of customs or excise, the same duties not having been paid, or secured, or of aiding or affiftine therein, and (hall be thereof convicted, before one or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed, in any penalty not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of such penalty, or any puniftiment to which such person may be liable by any law now in force. 

XVIII And be it further enacted. That no bailiff’s follower Bailiffs follow, or assistant, employed or belonging to any sheriff, bailiff of 

liberties, Marjbalfia court, or any other person or perfpns that c^?dfe any (hall be fo employed by any one that (hall have the powey of employment, executing any warrant or process whatsoever, (hall be dene withinthisaft. u thereby 

* 

l.ooqle 

1$0 

Person can vtde<j of leaving their fa vm\wt chargeable on the parish, may be errlifted bf the justices, etc. 

(Hta reviving any focti person to pay 40*. for the use of the overieers. 

Justices, on information, etc. where any able, bodied men are to be found, ijtay ifliie a warrant for apprehending them. 

able-bodied men only to be edified \ aad none under 16, nor above jo years of age, 

Anno decirtio nono Georgii III C 16. c1779* 

thereby to follow or exercise any calling of employment, of to have a sufficient fapport and maintenance, within the intent and meaning of this aft. 

XIX And whereat by an act of the seventeenth year of king George tin feeond, (entitled An act to amend and make more effeftaai the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and drforderly persons, and to houses of corfeftion,) the jufttcet in fejfions are required to adjudge all persons, convicted of running away from and leaving their families chargeable upon the parish, incorrigible rogues, and to adjudge them to Jujfer the punishments allotted under the said act to incorrigible rogues; be it hereby enacted that the said justices in session (hall be empowered, instead of the said punishments allotted to such persons convicted of running away from and leaving their famil.es chargeable upon the parish as aforesaid, to enlist the said persons, and to deliver them to lame officer empowered to receive recruits under this aft; and such persons (hall have the articles of war read to them, and (hall be deemed enlisted to all intents ind purposes whatsoever; provided always, that such persons do not lie under any disqualification Of sickness or inability recited In this aft; and the said officer (hall, upon the receipt of every such person fb convicted, pay to the said justices, for the use of the overfcers of the poor of the parish upon which the said person (hall have left his family chargeable, the sum of forty (billings. 

XX And be it further enacted, that any justice or justices of the peace may, upon his or their own knowledge, or information upon oath, where any able-bodied man or men, within the defcriptioft of this aft, is or are to be found, iflbe a warrant to the constable or other parish or town officer, or to any other person or persons, for apprehending such man or men; and the constable, or other parish or town officer, or other person or persons, upon the receipt of such warrant, is and are hereby required to apprehend such man or men, and such rftan or njeti (hall be secured and enlisted in the manner herein directed m relation toother persons apprehended in pursuance of this aft: and where any man (hall be apprehended and enlisted in confe qoencc of such information as aforesaid, the whole of the twenty (billings, by this aft directed to be paid by the officer to whom such man (hall be delivered in pursuance of this aft, (hall be paid to the informer or informer?. 

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no person (hall be enlisted by the said commissioners, by virtue of th\i aft, who is not such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a soldier; and that no man be enlisted for his Majesty's ferviceby virtue of this aft, who (hall appear in the opinion of the commissioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive such men, to be under the age of fixteenyears, or above the age of fifty, br who, being under the age of eigh* teed years, (hall be under the size of five feet three inches, without 

1779*] Anno decitno nono georgii III C to. 191 

out (hoes, or being above the age of eighteen, (hall be under the size of five feet four inches, without (hoes. p r 

XXII Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this teimprelfcd0 aft (hall not extend to the impressing any person to serve as a who hath a soldier or as a seaman, who (hall make it appear, to the satis vote tor mem faction of the commissioners then present, that he hath any ber °* parha vote in the.eleftion of any member or membefs to serve in par mcnt* liament, for any county, city, borough, town, port, or place, 

within the kingdom of Great Britain. 

XXIII And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be After the fe lawful to and for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, cond meeting constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other officers, of e °°m•' any parith or townftiip, or any or them, at any time after the mrf&nofficers said second meeting of the said commissioners, having a proper mayfearchfor warrant or precept as aforesaid, to search for and apprehend all andfecure 

or any such person or persons as they, or any of them, (hall such persons find, or (hall appear to them to be within the description of this ?* toctdeifcrip aft, and to secure such persons (in cafe they (hall think it northeast g0nof this P ceflary) in the goal or house of correction, or other proper place aft, and con of fccuritx, of the county, town, or place, where such persons *eyth?1” shall be apprehended, and with all convenient speed to bring orca ice such person or persons before one or more of the justices of the peace of the county, (hire, fiewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they (hall have been fo apprehended, to be examined; and if the said justice or justices (hall judge the person or persons, fo brought before him or them, to be within the nextroeet the description of this aft, it (hall in that cafe be lawful for the jngof the said justice or justices to commit such person or persons as afore coauniffion said, (in cafe they (hall think it necefliry;) and the keeper of cr, C such goal or house of correction, or other proper place of security, as aforesaid, (hall receive such person or persons without fee or reward, and the parish officers (hall allow such keeper, out of the poor’s rate of the parish or place where such person or persons (hall be apprehended, sixpence by the day for each person during the time that they (hall remain there, or (hall convey them before the commissioners, at their next meeting for lifting of soldiers, to be examined, and (if adjudged by the commissioners to be within the description of this aftj to be lifted and delivered into his majesty’s service, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft. 

XXIV And it is hereby further enacted and strictly enjoined Inhabitant 

by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish *° 

and townftiip, where any persons deferibed as aforesaid do abide 

or are to be found, (at the instance of any one or more of the 

commissioners appointed for the execution of this aft, or of any 

churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or constable, of the same 

parish or townftiip,) (hall (not having a lawful or reasonable 

cause to the contrary) be aiding and auifting in the furtherance J ^cmi5l, S 

of his majesty’s service by this aft deferibed* dlfcovcminy 

XXV And, to encourage such inhabitants and others to assist proper perso# in difeovering and apprehending such persons described as afore? 10 as he be 

Voi. XXXII O infilled. 

Persons ob ftrulfing the execution of this alt to toiieit ioi.j 

itref*. 

192 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 10. [1779. 

said, it is hereby further enaaed by the authority aforesaid. That if any peffbn (hall difeover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to serve his Majesty within the defeription of this alt, fo that he (ball be apprehended and enlisted before the commissioners as aforesaid, such person, for every man fo difeovered and inlifteri, (hall receive, from the officer to whom such man (hall be delivered, the sum of ten (billings, out of the twenty (billings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the officers of the parish or town, for every man impressed by virtue of this alt, and the remainder only or such twenty (billings (hall, in that cafe, be paid to such officers. 

XX VI And be it further enaaed by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatfoever(hall wilfully do any adfc or thing whereby the execution of this alt, in the searching for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, (hall be hindered or frustrated, every such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any two or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace, dwelling in or which may be near the place where such offence (hall be committed; who levied by di have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by di (tress and sale of the offender’s goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offender has no goods and chattels fuflicient*to answer the said penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or house of correaion, there to remain for the space of three calendar months without bail or mainprize. 

Commission XXVII And be it further enaaed by the authority afore ersto examine said. That the commissioners for executing this aa, who (hall the persons attend this service at the place or places for lifting soldiers in foi°eftieni C pur^uance of this aa, (hall ftrialy examine the persons who * ' (hall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers, 

constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parish or town officers, as aforesaid; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to administer an oath to each and every person who (hall appear and give evidence touching any person fo brought before and, if found them in pursuance of this aa: and in cafe the said cbmmif proper for the fioners, or the major part of them then present, upon examina service, to de tion of the persons fo brought before them, (hall find that such persons (hall come within the deferiptions herejn mentioned; and the said commissioners, and the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to receive the impressed men, (hall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as soldiers in his majesty’s service; then, and in such cafe, the said commissioners shall cause such persons to be delivered over, by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as (hall be appointed to receive such recruits as afore 

rroteedwhen said ^ any rac app^r to .the officer, under 

^ i whole 

liver them to the military officers. 

1779*] Anno decitno nono georgh III C to. igj 

whose command such impressed men (hall be, that any such implied mett men are more proper for his majesty’s service by sea than by fhai1 be found land, then it (hall and may be lawful for such officer to carry such men before any three of the commissioners authorised to f rvice ttunr ■put this aft in execution; and if such commissioners (hall the land, judge such persons to be more proper for his majesty’y service by sea than by land, then it (hall be lawful for such officer to cause such men to be delivered over to any commission officer of his majesty’s fleet to be appointed for entering such persons to serve as common sailors in the said fleet, such officer giving a receipt under his hand, acknowledging what men are fo delivered to him, (which receipt he is hereby required to give,) and also repaying to the land officer the expenses incurred by him on account of the said impressed mem 

XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enabled by commiffiori the authority aforesaid, That it (hall be lawful for the com *rs present at missioner who (hall have been present at any such meeting acny^n^ where any man flrall have been delivered over as iafarefaid, cruit, may, or for the major part of them, upon the demand of such man, upon demand or of any other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk ™adyn hls within four days after such meeting, and by him notified to point as^urthef each of the said commissioners, to appoint a further meeting meeting of the same com mi (Turners, at which any other commissioners, may also attend, to be held within six days after tl\e making of such demand, unless the party appealing (hall require a further reasonable time; and if, upon further and more certain and finding imformatioq, the said commissioners, or the major part of him not to be‘ them, at such further meeting, (hall find that such man was lbe f not, at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within fh^aftare0 the defeription of this att, they are hereby required to certify to certify the the same, under their hands and seals, to his majesty’s same to the secretary at war, or secretary to the admiralty, or to the general **. 

officer whom they (hall have learned, by notice from the fe ^ man cretary at war, to have been appointed to command his Mato be difebarg jefty’s forces in the district where such commissioners ad, who, ed. on the receipt of such certificate, (hall cause the man to be forthwith discharged; and the recruiting officer (hall, on such Officer to pay perfon’s receiving his discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid him X for to such man the sum of one (hilling for each day he (hall have fl^uhaseb!f a been fo detained in the service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such detained! * officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above such subsistence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by the Clerk to repay commissioners (hall repay to such officer (without see or other deduction) the several Turns before paid to him by the laid officer, and (hall give back the receipts; taken as above directed ctc. * 

in exchange for a copy of the said man's discharge; and in cafe ^ ' 

no such discharge (hall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the V no di said clerk (hall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the cbar®* time that such man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, ^^y*<>cvfr without fee or dedudtion* to the persons refpeaivdy intitfed thefumi de 

O 2 thereto 

A 

Officers may secure imprcf fcd men. 

194 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 10. lr779- 

poiited to the thereto under the directions of this aft, the several sums depo proper persisted j0 hjs hands for that purpose 

• *. Provided always, 'That nothing in this a, contain 

lifted till the" all be construed to extend to empower the said comxnif ‘fums payable fioners to enlist any personas a soldier, until the several sums, by the officers herein directed to be paid, by the respective officers appointed, are first paid, to receive such new raised men, (hall be first paid to the person or persons respectively authorised to receive the same. 

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appointed to attend the said commissioners, and to receive such impressed men, (hall, in cafe he or they (hall find it necessary, detain such impressed men in some secure house or place, to be provided by the jufticesof the peace, in their petty or special sessions, for that purpose; but in cafe no such house or place (hall be provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where such men hall be received into his majesty’s service, or in the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, " town, or place; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive such impressed men until they can be removed, without fee or reward; and such keeper (hall be allowed the usual subsistence for such men, during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they (hall be delivered as aforesaid;; the constables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, (hall, if required, be assisting to such officer in conveying such man or men to such gaol, place, or house of correction, and (hall be allowed such reasonable sum or sums as the major be allowed for parl 0f the commissioners then present (hall appoint, to be paid t eir trou ic .y the officer or officers who (hall require such assistance. 

Officer not at XXXI And be i: further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tending to re That if at any of the meetings of the commissioners by this ceive recruits, appointed, in any df their subdivisions, they (hall not be may^djourh, 8 al, en<ied hy f°me proper officer appointed for the receiving of and order the recruits, either through negligence or any unavoidable acci detention of dent; then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such persons as (hall have been then brought before them by the parish officers to be enlisted, or such of them as they (hall think duly qualified for his majesty’s service; and the said commissioners (hall give notice to any of the officers attending on this service, in the county or be given to » place where such subdivisions (hall be, of the day of such ad ding^ivfcr" journ^entf and the said officer is hereby required, either to vice, C attend himself, or appoint some other person to attend such commissioners, and to receive such persons as the said commis officer topey fioners (hall enlist into his majesty’s service; and the officers for re subsistence ceiving the said recruits (hall pay to such personas the said com wryweruit m, fl"l0ners appoint, sixpence per Diem for the subsistence 6f y * every recruit then enlisted from the day of the last meeting of 

the 

Keeper to be allowed their subsistence money. 

Civil officers to be aiding in securing them, and to 

the impressed men. 

Notice of ad, iournment to 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Gecrgii III C 10. 195 

the commissioners to the said day of adjournment, the same to 

be charged to the account of the several regiments or companies 

into which the said recruits (hall be enlisted, together with such and incidental 

charges and expenses as (hall appear to the said commissioners charsc, > 

to have been incurred, on account of the detaining the said persons, 

from the day of the former meeting of the said commtf 

fioners to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding three 

pounds. 

XXXII And, for the better preventing any disputes which personsdif may arise about paying for the subsistence of those perronscharged as not who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this ^ ^ cad, may afterwards be discharged upon examination before the this ad, pa commiiiioners and military officers, be it further enacted by the rith not to be authority aforesaid. That if any person, beingjudged by the com allowed their mifiioners not to be within the description of this ad, (hall be by expenses them discharged, the officers of the parish or townhall be entitled 

to no consideration for their expenses in keeping such person;; if any person beingjudged by the commissioners to be If within the within the description of this ad, (hall be rejected by the mill description, taxy officer, such officer (hall pay to the officers of the parish or j^officei^he town sixpence per Diem for the whole time that they ffiall (hall pay^he have kept such person, to be charged to the account of his re expenses of ' lpedive regiment or company; and every officer who (hall ob keeping them, jedto any person delivered to him by the commissioners, (hall Objections to specify his objection to such person, whether it be to his age or be specified, size, or bodily disability, and the grounds of such objection (hall to by comb forthwith, as far as may be, inquired into by the said commissioners. missioner and they (hall proceed accordingly; and every officer Rcafonsof who (hall refufeor discharge any person delivered to him by the discharge to commissioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the description beirantmitted of this ad, (hall, without delay, if a lana officer, transmit to his |°rthe recrc “majefty’s secretary at war, or, if a marine officer, to the fecre ££ at mr tary of the admiralty, his reasons for such refusal or discharge, in writing, signed by himself. 

XXXIII And be it further enacted. That the pay of every new raised 

such new raised man, fo delivered to the officers or persons men toreceive appointed to receive them as aforesaid, (hall commence from Pay from tl!e the time of his being takefn and secured as aforesaid, and no i^nxfecured person, fo enlisted or entered in pursuance of this ad, (hall be an(j „ot liable to be taken out of his majesty’s service by any process, to arreits for other than for some criminal matter. debt. 

XXXIV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority commission aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said may levy commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon a not*x any gaoler, or keeper of a house of corredion or prifbn, who on^aofer for (hall suffer any person, committed to his custody in pursuance efcapeofmen, of this ad, to escape; cr upon any high constable, churchwar ancj on pari(h den, overseer, petty constable, headborough, tithingman, or officers for other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default negledof 

in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or duly any of them directed in pursuance of this ad, a fine not exo 

3 cceding 

196 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 10. [1779* 

ceding ten pounds; and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and falc of the offender’s goods rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers. 

The feeond XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and sixth see That the fajd commissioners or such of them as (ball be pre articvsvf war nt at mect*ng fr lifting of soldiers as aforesaid (hajl to be read to cave the feeond and sixth fe<5lior: s of the articles of war again ft pew rtifed mutiny and desertion, to be read to every man raised by virtue ipcti, cof this adl, in the presence of the said commissioners and the said commissioners (hall tender to every such man the oath directed by the third fe6tion of the articles of war to be taken by such persons as voluntarily enter into his majesty’s fenricc, (which oath the said commissioners are hereby authorised to Coramiflion administer)) the said commissioners, or any three of them ers to certify present (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to certify *ha*y^cy unc^cr their hands, that such person or persons is or are duly that the 2d enlisted; setting forth the name and pariffi, or last place of and 6th ftdi abode, of him or them respectively, if known and that the fe ons of the ar cond and sixth sections of the articles of war against: mutiny and tide of war desertion, were read to him or them, and that he or they had 

them *xc *° *la^en the oat mentioned in the said articles of war, or had 

* refused to take the said oath, and (hall deliver.fuch certificate, 

together with such men, to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them; and that it (hail and may be lawful for such 

officer or officers to confine such person or persons unril he 

or they (hall take the said oath; and such person or persons (hall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and (hall and may be proceeded against as if be or they had taken the said oath according to the said articles Names of the of war j and the said commissioners (hall also forthwith cause an men, parish, entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept C to be cn by them or their clerks for that purpose, of the names of fuqh book * n.cw raised men, of the parishes or places of their last abode, (if 

they can be known,) and of the time and place when and where such men were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and for what regiment or company Attested copy they were fo received, and the sums paid; and (hall cause thereof to be true copies or duplicates ovf such entries, attested by the said wfthln **0 ^ commissioners, pr any three or more of them then present, dayi^to the within forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, admiralty, C to be transmitted into the office of the admiralty, or of his mien penalty of jefty’s secretary at war for the time.being; and every clerk, for ?ol. every neglect or default in not transmitting the said copies or 

duplicates of such entries into the office of the admiralty, or of the secretary at war, as aforesaid, (hall forfeit the sum of ten Application pounds; one moiety thereof tp the use of his Majesty, his pftheptnalty. heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who (hnll inform or sue for the same in some of the f ourts of record at wijlminjury or the court of sessions in Scotland. 

XXXVI And 

1779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C io. 

XXXVL And be it further enacted, That' the said several clerks to the said commissioners, provided the said copies or duplicates be truly transmitted into the office of the admiralty or secretary at war, 'as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the hands of the paymaster pf his majesty’s land forces and marines, or one of them, such rewards as the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being upon consideration of the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, boroughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this fervioe, (hall judge the said clerks severally and respectively to deserve. 

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That the several officers who (hall receive impressed men raised in the manner herein before mentioned, (hall pay to the clerk appointed by the commissioners, for the use of the officers of the parish or town fo employed in the railing such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty (billings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man fo impressed; and shall also pay, for every such man who (hall have a wife or family, any sum not exceeding forty (billings, nor less than ten (billings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed, into the hands of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit of such parish or township in which such man (hall have gained a fettlemenr, and whose wife or family, may become chargeable to such parish or township respectively;; sum (hall be fettled by the com mifljoners present at the meeting when such person (hall be in lifted or entered, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number of children, or other particular circumstances of such person fo enlisted j for both which payments the clerk (ball give a receipt; and the sum of fixpenceper Diem for keeping every such man who (hall be fo delivered as aforesaid, according to the number of days that the officers of the said parish or townhall have kept him in custody, pursuant to the powers granted by this aft, until such delivery; the said allowances of twenty (billings, and of sixpence per Diemy in cafe of dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or among the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tything men, and such other parish and town officers, or any or them, according to the judgement and diferetion of the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present. 

XXXVIII Provided always, and be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by and out of the said sum of twenty (billings, herein before directed to be paid for the use of the officers of the parith or town fo employed in the railing of filch men, to allot and order such sum as they, (hall think ht to the respective high constables, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and service in the execution of this aft, not exceeding the sum of two (billings. 

O 4 XXXIX And, 

*97 

Rewards for 

coraraiffioaer* 

clerk. 

Officers to pay to the parish officers, for their trouble, xos. for every such man $ 

and to the church wardens, See. from 10 s to 40 s. if such man have a wife or family. 

as (hall be fettled by the com million,, 

and 6d. per Diem to the parish officers for the time they shall have kept him. Disputes relating thereto to be fettled by the commissioners. 

coramiflion ers may allot, out of the money allowed to parish officers, as. to the high constables. 

198 Anno decimo nono georgh III C 10. [1779. 

Every person XXXIX And, for the encouragement of fit and able pcr 

voluntarily fons voluntarily to enter into his majesty’s service, be it enacted int?tledto te That cvcry fach Person who (hall, on or before the first 3i. 3s. boun day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty volunta ty moi)ey. rily enter into his majesty’s service, before the said commissioners, at their first or any subsequent meeting, upon being duly attested, (hall receive the sum of three guineas from the officers appointed to receive them, and (hall forthwith be delivered to Volunteers to the said officers; and the said com missioner (hall cause an entry ove^to*the* t0 mace n fmc book to be *cept by them, or such clerk as military offi they ball appoint, of the names of such volunteers, and of the cers; and an parifties or places of their lqft abode, (if they can be known,) entry to be # and of the time and place whep and where they did fo enter laces' them (elves, apd f the sums paid to them, and by whom such of?bode, ac. payments were made, and of the names of the officers or persons who received such volunteers, and for what regiment or Duplicates of company they were received; and (fial} cause true copies or du entriestobe plicates of such entries, attested by three or more of the said tbe^ar^office0 ‘commi(fioners then prefenr, within forty days after the delivery See. * °1 such volunteers, to be tranfafitted into the office of his Ma 

jefty’s secretary at war for the time being, or into the office of The admiralty if the volunteers be delivered fqr the marines. 

the war, if they demand 

Volunteers to XL And, for the greater encouragement of all persons irceive pay who (hall be fit and willing to serve his Majesty as volunteers, pftheir*n mc LI further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That the pay ing; Clf ?ntcr cvcry such person who (hall enter into the service Of his Majesty 

as a volunteer, in pursuance of this ad, or with any recruiting officer or sergeant, during the continuance of this ad, (hall commence from the time that he (hall fo enter himfelt and to be dif into his majesty’s service; and that every such volunteer, after charged at the jie shall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, veto or of bi heirs and fupceftors, during the space of three years, (hall • * - be at liberty, if he (hall think fit, to demand his discharge from 

the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, unless the nation (hall be, then engaged in a war, and in that cafe such person (hall remain in service, during the continuance of war; and fuph discharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of such colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby required and im powered to give the same accordingly, on pain of being cashiered. 

XLI And it is hereby further enabled, That no person who (hall enter into the service of his Majesty as a volunteer in pursuance of this at; or with any recruiting officer or party during the continuance of this aft, and (hall not desert the same, (hall, at any time after the expiration of such piilitary service, to fcrve parish be liable in his person to do any highway duty, commonly cal led Statute duty, or be appointed to serve as a peace officer, pr rr. lu * pari(h officer, or be liable to serve in the militia, or in any pf his majesty’s land or sea forces unless he (h^ll confepf there: 

: 

Volunteers, after expiration of their service, not liable to statute duty, or 

1779*1 Anno dedmonono Georgii III C to. 199 

to 5 and that every such volunteer, after such military service as but may fet aforesaid, (hall have the like privilege in respect of setting up exa> and exercising any trade, and of not being removable unless tracdc, nagree heihall become actually chargeable, as by the statute, made in able to Aft the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An s <*»• 3* * adl to enable such officerj, marinerj, and soldiers, as have been in the sea or land service, or in the marines, fence the twenty second year of bis late mqjejly King George the Second, to exercije trades, is given to those who have served according to the said recited aft; and all other the benefits and advantages therein exprefted (hall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such volunteers, and also the wives and children of such volunteers as aforesaid, to all intents and purposes, as if the said aft, and and every clause thereof, were here again particularly repeated and re enacted. Volunteers 

XLII And be it further enacted, That if any volunteer dischargedbe shall be wounded or maimed in actual service, fo as to become [a^on'of^thelr unfit for military duty, and (hall be discharged oh that account term of fo. at any time before the expiration of the term for which he vice, on ac was engaged to serve, the same (hall be expressed in the discount of charge given him, under the hand and feal of his commanding officer j and every person fo discharged (hall be entitled to the ua fcrvicef" same privileges, benefits, and advantages, of every kind what to be entitled ioever, as if he had continued for the full term ot his engage to the same tnent in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; anything contained in this or any other aft to the contrary fcrvc^ t^c thereof notwithstanding. full term. 

XLIII And be it further enacted, That every person who (hall impressed be impressed in purfuanceof this aft, after he (hall have continued men, after 5 jn the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, years service during the space of five years, (hall be at liberty, if he (hallbc think fit, to demand his discharge from the colonel, or, in his they^emand absence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to it. y which he (hall belong, unless the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe such person (hall remain in service during the continuance of war; and such discharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of such colonel or officer, who is duly empowered and required to give the same accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XLIV And, for the better obviating such frauds and abuses as No soldier or maybe praftifedinthedifehargingof soldiers, it is herebyenaft marine to be <ed by the authority aforesaid, That no private soldier, who (hall di/ebarged be dqly enlisted or impressed into his majesty’s service by virtue of this aft, (hall, during the time such soldier continues in bis colonel Great Britain, be discharged from his majesty’s service without etc. the consent of the colonel, or, in his absence, the officer commanding the regiment, first had and obtained in writing; and any officer of his majesty’s land forces, marines, or sea service, 0®ce.r* who (hall presume to discharge any person, enlisted or impressed pursuant to this aft, in any other manner contrary to this aft, contrary to shall by falfc muftcr pr certificate, or in consideration of a this aft or II gratuity 

cjooqle 

200 A'hno decimo nono Georgii III C io. [1779# 

permitting gratuity of any kind, or by any other collusive or evasive ways aa^l^rvk* or means *hatfoever, suffer or permit any person who (hall lsabe ca **’ voluntarily enlist, or be impressed into his majesty’s service ftuered. by virtue of this aft, to avoid the actual service hereby intended, such person or persons (hall not only lose the benefit of this a eft, but every such officer (hall, for such offence, be cashiered. 

When any XLV And, for the better preventing such frauds andabufesas "ew^led may be practised by any pretended ignorance of the terms under lorn his rtpu any non commission officer or soldier may have entered 

menr, his 5 into the service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That name, de.. any person, who (hall be duly enlisted or impressed' ' C into his Majesty's service during the continuance of this aft, ectin the mib j0*0 the, regiment or company in which he is to serve, his lickbook. his name, defeription, and terms of service, (hall be entered in thcieof; * the public book of such regiment or company; and a copy of 

such entry (hall be delivered, as a certificate for every such person, (igned by the commanding officer of such regiment or company. 

and when XLV I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

draughted That whenever and as often as such person (hall, by the necessity into pny other 0f the service, be draughted into any other regiment or company, company to cntl7 be made in the same manner in the public be entered book of such regiment or company; and the commanding accordingly, officer thereof is hereby directed to add to the certificate the circumstance of such person being draughted, and at what time, and to sign his name and rank thereto. 

Persons em XLVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, execution of That nocommiflioner, churchwarden, overseer, constable, head this aft, ex borough, tithingman, or other parifti or town officer, who empted from (hall be employed in the execution of this aft, shall be liable, the penalties for or by reason of fach execution, to any of the penalties men car a tioned in an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of 5 * ** King Charles the Second, for preventing dangers which may happen 

from popijh recusants; or in one other aft, made in the first year of the reign King William and Queen Mary, entitled, aft for abrogating the oaths of allegiance andfupremaey^ and appointing other oaths; or in one other aft, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the and 15 & 14 reign of the late King William the Third, entitled, An aftfor. Gul. 3. the further security of bis Majejlfs person, and the fucceffton of the 

crown in the protejlant line; and for the extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors, 

Imitations of XLVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action, plaint, fuit, or information, (hall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they (hall do in pursuance or execution of this aft, the same (hull be commenced within six months after the offence committed, and (hall be laid or brought in the county or place where th fast was committed, and not afterwards or elsewhere; and 

such 

liooqle 

201 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 10. 

such person or personsfued, in any court whatsoever, (hall and may plead the general issue not guilty, and upon any issue joined General issue. may give this a A and the special matter m evidence; and if the plantiflf or prosecutor (hall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict or judgement upon demurrer pafs against him, the defendant (hall recover treble costs, for which he (hall have the like remedy as Treble costs. in any cafe where costs by the law are given to defendants. 

XLIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Adt 14 Geo. *. his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An a for the sofar as it re. rendering the jujlicei of the peace more safe in the execution of their extended office) and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to^ftice^and to their warrants, fo tar as the said adt relates to the rendering commiffiotithe justices more safe in the execution of their office, (hall ex ers acting tend, and be construed to extend, to the justice or justices of under autho the peace, and the commiftioner or commissioners acting under ^ 0 1 14 the authority, or in execution of this adt; and no action or fuit (hall be had or commenced, or writ issued out, or copy of No a&ioo to writs served upon any peace officer or officers, or any other ** coramen person or persons, for anything done in the execution of this ic 

adt, until notice in writing shall have been given to him or doneincxe them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the attor cution of this ney for the party commencing such action, or suing out or ?&# hlf notice (Serving the copy of the laid writ; which fipd notice in writing (hall contain the name and place of abode of the person who is thegplty.t0 tp bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney (hall be underwritten or indorled thereon; and such defendant or defendants (hall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this adt, Defendant at any time within fourteen days after such notice, tender, or may tender cause to be tendered, any (urn or sums of money, as amends 4i?ends for the injury complained of, to the party complaining, or to ned?," the said attorney; and if the same is not accepted of, such de and plead’the fendant or defendants may plead such tender in bar of such ac same in bar,. tion or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court and if, upon ilfue joined upon such tender, the jury (hall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said jury (hall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, who (hall in such cafe be entitled to his and their treble costs. 

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No action to That if any action (hall be brought against any justice of the b.c.. brought in peace, commissioner, or other officer, employed in the execu f^imtof1 tion of this adt, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the executing this person instituting such action (hall, previous to the commence adt, till notice ment thereof, intimate by himself, orchis agent or attorney, his has been given said intention, and grounds of complaint, fo as that the justice, commiftioner, or other officer, may have opportunity of make may tender ing due amends for the injury intended to be prosecuted;; amends, tie. if the said justice, commiftioner, or other officer, (hall make it 

appear, 

Anno derimo nono Georgii III C 10. [1779. 

appear, to the fatisfaaion of the judge before whom the Aion is brought, that such due amends was tendered and refused previous to the commencement of the aaion, the said judge (hall give decree for the defender, who (hall, in such cafe, be entitled to treble costs of fuit. 

Where the LI Provided always, and be further enaaed by the authority ^rotebtel^fe foresaid. That where a verdia (hall be given for the plaintiff, [br*doing the n any action to be brought against any justice of the peace or aaion com commissioner, or any peace officer or other person, for seizing, plained of, the taking, imprisoning, or detaining, such plaintiff in execution titled a un<^cr colour of any authority or authorities hereby 

mages nor g*vcn> an<*lt appear to the judge or court, before whom colts i the same (hall be tried, that there was a probable cause for doing 

the aa complained of in such aaion, and the said judge or court (hall certify on the record that there was probable cause, as aforesaid; then, and in such cafe, the plaintiff (hall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of fuit. 

but if the LII Provided always. That where a verdia (hall be given caufeof aaion for the plaintiff in any such aaion as aforesaid, and the judge was roalici or court, before whom the cause (hall be tried, (hall certify ed, he on record that the injury for which such aaion was 

have double brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the plaintiff costs. (hall be entitled to double costs of fuit. 

His Majesty. when a fufiici ent number of men (hall be raised, may, by proclamation. C suspend the execution of this a&j 

or may suspend or enforce it in any county or place. 

Volunteers to enjoy all their privileges, & C not with Handing such fuf peniion. 

Chief magistrate of cities, See, upon notice from the secretary at war, to enforce this aa within their jurisdictions. 

LIII And be it, further enaaed, That when his Majesty (hall be satisfied, by the said returns of the commifconers or otherwise, that a sufficient number of recruits in the whole (hall be raised for his present service, or for other sufficient reasons, it (hall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the execution of this aa, with refpea to the whole of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by proclamation or order in council, or other public notice in the London Gazette, or by notice from his majesty’s secretary at war \ anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

LIV Provided also. That his Majesty, when he (hall judge it expedient for his service, may at any time suspend the execution of this aa, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his Majesty's secretary at war; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

LV Provided always, and be it further enaaed, That all persons who (hall enter as volunteers during the continuance of this aa, (hall be entitled to the same bounties, privileges, immunities, and advantages, as are herein granted to such volunteers, notwithstanding any such suspension as aforesaid. 

„ LVI And whereat it may often be expedient for his Majesty s service, that the commissioners hereby appointed hall execute this aft in cities, towns > or other places, when it may not be convenient to enforce the execution thereof through the county in which such city, town, or place, Shall be respectively situate 5 be it therefore enaaed by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor or other chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, (hall, upon receiving 

notice 

t ooqle 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C io. 203 

notice'for that purpose from the secretary at war, immediately proceed to put this adt in execution, within their respective jurisdictions, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such mayor or other chief magistrate had received such notice from the (heriff of the county in wjiich such city, town, or place, (hall fee respectively situate; anything In this adk contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

LVII And, forafmuph as great inconveniences, may happen Labourer, by impressing men during the time of harvest, be it therefore havingproper enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the certificates, twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and bevnprcffcd seventy nine, until the twenty-fifth day of Oflober following, from May »5, no harvest labourer, or person working at hay harvest or corn to O. *5. harvest work, within the time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be impressed by virtue of this aft, but (hall be free and exempted from the same, during the time aforesaid, provided they have a certificate, under the hands of the minister, and of one church warden or overseer of the poor, or elders of the parish or place where they live, allowed under the hand and feal of one justice of the peace of the same county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or place; which certificate (hall be given gratis. 

‘ - LVIII And, for the more easy and better putting this adk commission into execution, be it enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That ers for exccu any three or more commissioners for putting this adt in execu the tion in the several ridings of the county of York, (being justices caftleofyork. of the peace, though not all of the same riding), may, within the castle of York, or limits thereof, execute the powers of this adk. 

LIX And whereas diverse soldiers who have defer ted his Ma commi/fion jejiys service have been harboured in a certain place called Threap crsforexecut wood, lying within or near the counties of Chester and Flint, or xleap.wood! one of them, and adjoining to the town of Cuddington, in the said p county of Chester, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners hereby appointed for the county of Ckejler, and the officers of the said town of Cuddington, (hall execute this adk in the said place called Threapwood, according to the true intent and meaning thereof. 

LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continuance That this adt, and everything therein contained, (hall be and ot this st. continue in force until the first day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer. 

LX And be it further enacted. That the forms of pro Forms 0f pro. ceedings relative to the several matters contained in this adt, ceedings to be which are fet forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto an ufa as fet nexed, (hall be used upon ill occasions, with such additions j * the 

and variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the lc C C 

Particular exigencies of the cafe; and that no objection (hall e made or advantage taken for want of form in any such proceedings by any person or persons whomsoever, 

LXU, 

204 Anno decimo nono georgii III C 10. [1779. 

Form pre LXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, feribea for hat the several entries, which the commissioners for executing triv purfaant arc squired to make, of the names and deferiptions of 

to this aft. all volunteers, and also of all impressed men, together with the other particulars herein before directed, (hall be made according the form hereunto annexed. 

U 

Recruit's Name. •e Height. > 09 O deferip tion of the Recruits For what Corps pressed. For what Corps in haed voluntarily. Sum paid. | By whom i paid. 1 Officer who received or refused the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused. 

n r Inches. 

The 

1779 ] Anno dedmo nono Georgii IIL C io. 

The SCHEDULE, 

(fating the Fofms) to which the Ail refen. 

No. I. 

Form of a Warrant to a High Conjiabk. 

To High Conjiabk of 

To wit, 

JW 

E, whose names and seals are hereunto fet, 

of the commifftoners appointed (among others) to put in execution an ait of parliament, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, in titulei, [insert the title or the ado, by virtue and in pursuance of the said ait, hereby ftriflly enjoin and require you, upon receipt hereof \ to issue your precept to the churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty constables, bead boroughs, tithingmen, and other parijb and town officers, within the several parijhes, town{hips, confab lewicks, and other places, w//af/z the diflrifl or division of [ ] 

aforejaid, and every of them, requiring them diligently to make or cause to be made a general search within theirre fpeflive parijhes, townjhips, confablewicks, or other places, for all such able-bodied idle and disorderly persons, do not exerdfe and indufirioufly follow Jome lawful trade or employment, or have some Jubfance sufficient for their support and maintenance, or who Shall appear to them to be able-bodied idle and diforderh, and not to exerdfe and indufri oufly follow some (pwful trade or employment, or have some fubfance sufficient for their support and maintenance \ and all able-bodied persons who Shall have been convifled, before any jufice or jufices of the peace, of illegally landing, running, unjhipping, concealing, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of cufoms or excise, the same duties not having been paid or Jecured, or of aiding or ajjifiing therein, in any penalty not exceeding forty poundsand to brirtg them before us, or such other commifjmers for putting the said act in execution as ball meet for that purpose at in the parijb of within the said diflrifl or 

division, on the day of 

at of the clod in the every such 

personas they ball find, or who are or jhau appear to them Vo be within the above defortption, to be then and there examined and dijpofed of according to the said act of parliament• 

Given 

L ooqle 

Anno decimo nono georgii HI. C io.. [1779. 

'Given under our hands and seats, at. aforesaid, 

the day of in the 

year of the reign of our sovereign lord George the Third, King of Great Britain, QV. and in the year of our Lord. 

No II 

Form of conviction of offenders against this ai 

TIT remember id, That on this day of To wit. j £> in the year of the reign of his present 

majejty King George the Third, A. bof is duly 

convicted before us, and other commiffionersfor putting in execution an ad of parliament, made and passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majejty King George the Third, entitled, [insert the title of the ad] for that he, the said A. B. on the day of 

lajl, did 

• 

Wherefore we, the said commijjtoners, do adjudge, that be, the said A. B. do pay the sum of as a fine for such 

offence, in purjuance of the powers in us vejied by the said act of parliament. 

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year above written. 

No. III 

Form of a warrant of distress. 

To 

) t?orafmuch as A. B. late of was, on the 

To wit. J JL day of duly convicted before us 

and other commijfiiners for putting in execution an act of parliament, made and passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, [intert the title of the ad] by the oath of CD a credible witness, for that he the said A. B. on the day of lajl, did by reafim whereof 

We did adjudge and have adjudged him to pay the sum of as a fine for fucb offence, in pursuance of the powers in us vejied by the said act of parliament: and whereat it appears to us that the said sum of is not yet paid, we therefore authorise and require you forthwith to make distress of the goods of him the said A. B. and if, within the pace of five days next after fucb distress by you token, the said sum of 

ball not be paid, that you do cauje the said 

goods 

1779-] Anno decimo nono georgh III C io. 

goods by you seized to be appraised and sold rendering the overplus to him tbe/aid A. B. after deducting the said sum of and also the tofts and charges of suck 

distress and [ale, and to pay the said fine to the informer. Jtiereof fail not. * 

Given under our bands and feah> the day of 

No. IV 

Form of commitment by a justice for examination before the commifftoners. 

To ' 

{ D Eceive into your cufiody the body of A. B. herewith To wit. \ XV sent you, having been impreffedby C D. by virtue of a warrant to him dire fled by E. F. G. H. and I. K. three of the commifftoners for putting in execution an oft of parliament pnjjed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis pre font majesty King George the Third, entitled, [insert the title of the aft] to serve his Majesty as a soldier or a seaman, and brought before one of his Majesty s 

justices of the peace in and for the said county, by the said C D. to be examined; and the said A. B. being adjudged by me to oe within the defeription of the said aft, him safely keep in your cufiody till he Shall be conveyed before the said commifftoners for executing the said aft, at their next meetings or until he Shall be thence dijebarged by due course of law; and for fo doing this Shall be your sufficient warrant. 

Given under my band and feal, this day of 

in the year of our Lord 

No. V 

Form of a warrant to feeure men impressed. 

i To the keeper of the gaol (or house of correction, at To wit. j in the said county. 

THESE are, in his majejly*s name to charge and command you to receive and safely keep in your cufiody who has (or have) been raised and levied to serve his Majesty as a soldier (or soldiers), purfaant to an act of parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, [here insert the title] until he (or they) Shall bt delivered from your custody according to the said act oj parliament. 

Given under my hand and feal (or our bands and seals), the day of in tbe.year of our Lord 

• Vol. XXXII P CAP. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 11, -14. [1779. 

5u # t »• 

;. a p. xr. 

An Aft for rendering more beneficial an act, made in the thirtyfirfr year of the reign of King George the second, entitled, An a8 sir ejtabujbsng 

, agreements, made between Charles Brandling efqnire, and other persans, proprietors of lands, for laying down a wagon way, in order for the better sup fijeeeg the town and neighbourhood of Leeds m the county of York, with coals, by enabling the (aid Chirlet Brandling to supply, annually a larger quantity of coals to and for the ue of the said town and neighbourhood \ ^d^for^ nrgulatiog the prices of carrying coals from the repository axe 

CAP. XU. 

An act for repairing the highways and. bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate. 

CAP. XIII %, 

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within thc^eye ral hundreds of Hartfmere, Boxne, and Thredling, in the county of ■ Sotblk. 

CAP. XIV 

$inaltfir the better Jiippfy tf mariners and seamen to serve in bit 

.... Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other 

1. ' trading ships and vejfels.. 

Preamble. XT OR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in x1 his majesty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefiels; be it ehafted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From the paf parament assembled, and by the authority of (he same, that, ling of this from and after the palling of this aft, until the twenty-fifth day 

aft till March of March, one thoufond seven hundred and eighty, and no longs mer er, (except in respect to such merchant (hips, and other trading ac^may^be P or vessels, which (hall be on their voyage before the faia navigated by twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and three fourths eighty, who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and be toreign fca nefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein after is provided,) it (hall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or vefiel, to be navigated by foreign seamen br mariners, not being natives of Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty’t natural or naturalised subjects, fo as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not Exceed three fourths of the mariners it any one time employed to navigate such merchant (hip, or Other trading (hip or vefiel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen (o employed, e at all times natives, or his majesty’s naturalised subjects of Great Britain, (hidden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, fa ved and excepu ed,) open aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year 6f the raign of his late majesty King Charles the second, (intitoled, Shalt for the encouraging and en&eaftng of shipping and navigation,) or. dbypther statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

1 1 ilvprovtdcd 

7..,. * • 

1779-1 Am decimo nono Georgii IH. C 15, 16. 209 

II Provided always That nothing in this aft contained (hall Thisaftfnoe extend to take away or restrain thd effect of any such royal proto restrain any clamation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are empower roh d to make by virtue of an ad, passed in the thirteenth War of jj^epuriiairt his late majesty’s reigft, (entitled. An all far the better Juppfy i/’toan *& 13 mariners and seamen to fe*ve in bis Majejljs hips of war, am( on Geo. IL board merchant/hips and other trading Ships and privateers.) ' 

CAP. XV 

An alt to continue an a made in the fourteenth year of the reign of 1 

his present Majesty ^ An a for regulating tnao* houses)) a further time therein limited. 

WHEREAS an all was pajfed in the fourteenth year of the prttm**t# 

reign of his present a$ajefy% entitled, An act for regulat AT Gto. ing mad houles: And whereas it is expedient that the jaid a&jbould ***• rtdtaa. be continued for a further timt\ be it therefore cnafted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. 

That the said act (hall continue in force for the further term of'jjjttaesffc# seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fcfliqn ftten years, of parliament. 

CAP. XVI 

An act for ponhhing mutiny and deferrion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. 

Preamble. Number of forces 30, 346, including 3, 113 invalids. After March *4, 1779, during the continuance of this aft, every officer and prime man, who shall mutiny ordefert, cor list in any other regiment, 

cor (hall be found flee ping upon, or (hall desert htspoft, or hold<orref: pondence with the enemies of his Majesty; or (hall strike or disobey bis superior officer; (hall suffer death, or such punifbmtnt as a court mat rial (hall inflict The King may grant a com million for holding court-martial; Sic. Coorts martial may inflict corporal punishment tor immoralities, C General court-martial not to confilt of less than 13$ (except within the garriions of Goree and Senegal, See.) and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in feniorlty, not under the degree of a captain; 

(except in the garrifonsof Goree and Senegal, where they are to consist of five at.the least)) admlnifter an oath to witneftcs. Officers to be sworn. Judge's charge before oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In fenteaces of death, what number of officers (hall concur. See. Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of years; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he (hall suffer death. The party tried in tilled to a copy of the (entente and proceedings of the court-martial. 

Original proceetdings. Sec. of court-martial to be tranfmkted to tbp judge advocate general in London, See. Proceed logs of courts, or entries or copies thereof, not liable to tamp duties. None to" be tried a feconjp time for the same offence, except in cafe of appeal. This aft nor to exempt soldiers from ordinary prottediaga. Penalty on falle certifies res to excuse loidiers from mutter Penally on officera ^alung false muflers.&l* 

Piftinous names allowed by his majeltyh order jipon the mutter rolls for the maintenance of officers widows, not to see conftrutd a talfe muftefr. 

Commissary or multer matter to give notiee pf~ mutter to mayor, Jfcc. OS pfaa ty of L mutter rolls to be fignqd by tfet mayor, ficc. Penalty 00 

T pnsmf 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C i [1779. 

persons offering themselves to be falfety mustered. Horse sanely muqer 

• ed, to be forfeited, C Forfeiture how to levied. Officer! embezzling. Sec. military floras, to be caftnered, and forfeit tool, and the damage to be made goodbye sale of his goods and chattels; for want of di&refs, the person to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Muiler ruafter, Sec. taking a muster, to make oath. The oath. muster rolls, though tranfraitted without the oath endorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agents, Sec. detaining officers or soldiers pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Surgeon, Scc. within ten miles ot London, C to certify who are tick; and commanding officers to certify who are employed in tailing recruits. Penalty on officer rouiteiing persons by wrong names. Constables, C to quarter officer ?nd men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in no distillers or (nopkeepei s houses, or in any private houses. Penally on constables, Sec. quartering soldiers in private houses, Sec. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this adl, See. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justice, and be relieved. No juftire having any military office to be concerned in billetting his soldiers. Officers and ol diei s to pay rates for their proviiions. What innholders may allow men quartered on them instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse 

• ptrfon from quartering. Dragoons, Scc. and their horses to be bil letted in the same houses. Manner of changing men and horses. Clause relating to a foldier’s settlement for his wife and children. Officers, C 

'be quartered in Scotland as the laws in forre at the union direct. No pay mailer, Sec. to make dead u&ions out of cfficers or private men’s pay. Exception. Treasury may ilfite out the money due for clothing every two months. Paymaiters to deduct the offreckonings Officers to give notice to innkeepers of subsistence money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, Sec. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers net paying subsistence money. On nonpayment of quarter?, the officer to make up accounts, C No muster in Weitminfter, chut in the pie fence of two or more jullices. conttabus, Sec. may billet foldieis in Weitminfter, C Petty constables, C to quarter soldiers in their re 1pe&ive divisions. Constables, Sec. to deliver lists at quarter sessions, on oath of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their refpe&tve division; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lists to be wrote by the cleric 

* at ad per sheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defettive lilts. How to be levied. This at to extend to Jersey, Scc. muiter rolls to be closed on the day of the muster, and returned to the pay master of the forces, C Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing wagons to travel more' than one day's journey, See. Penalty on constables Sec. Neglect. Treafurcrs of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for that purpose how to be raised. No 

'wagon C to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives. Sec. nor to be quartered withoutcon sent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game. How the account of every regiment (hall be kept. Penalty on paymaiters, C Penalty on colonels. Noncommiffion officer embezzling soldier's pay, Sec. to be reduced, Sec. Justices may commit deserters. Reward for tak king up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arm, clothes, Scc. Penalty on officer breaking open any bouse without warrant. His Majesty empowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be fo puniiha ble by this aft. Deserters beyond sea, Sec. may be tried here, or in Ireland, C This act to extend to deserters, C in Ireland, Sec. Person acquitted, Sec. by the civil magistrate, may.only be caihiered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes. Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, Scc. Paymaiters. C to account with executors. Persons sued may plead the General issue, Treble costs. All suits to be brought in forae of the courts of record at Weitminfter or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this aft. Penalties a gain it 

* an act 1 Geo. I. where to be sued (or. No volunteer liable to process, un 

* less 

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.17. an 

left for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 10i. 

Oath of the debt to be made before a'judfce, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procers. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Soldiers while confined for debt, nof to receive pay Penalty on conltsbes, See, taking money to excuse any person from quartering; and, on victuallers refofing to quarter soldiers. J allices may order constables, to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, C Ho the troops are to pay in palling over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief of persons hastily enlisting themfilves. Persons refusing the said relief to be proceeded against as if duly inbfted. Offences against former mutiny acu punifiiable by this adfc. None liable to be tried, Sec for offences against former acb, which were committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial j except tor desertion. Officers, Scz. of the trams of artillery" fubjecf to this at. American troop, actihg in conjunction with Britilh' forces, to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the 

American troops sent over to great Britain, to be quartered and bilet trd as the British forces; and under the same regulations and penalties. 

Where any corps beyond seas hall be relieved in order to return home, such of the men as Shall chuce may be infilled, and incorporated with thole appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the enlisting certificate. This acfc not to extend to the militia further than is directed by the militia laws. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may sit in conjunction upon court-martial; taking rank according to the feaiority of their commissions. 

CAP. XVII 

An act to explain and amend an act, maett in the twenty second year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the second intituledt An act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one adl of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his ma jefty’s (hips, vessels, and forces by sea. 

WHEREAS by an act, made in twenty second year 6f the Preamble. 

reign of his late majesty King George the second, entitled, 

An adl for amending, explaining, and reducing into one adl acl ** Geo. of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Ma II recited, jelly's (hips, vessels, and forces by sea;; is, among other thingsf enacted, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no member of any court mar tial, after the trial is begun, ball go on Shore till sentence be given, but remain on boarj the Jbip in which the court Shall firjl ajfemble, except in cafe of fecknefs, to be judged of by the court, upon pain, of being cafinerei from his Majesty s service; nor shall the proceedings of the said court be delayed by the absence of any of its members, provided a jufficient number doth remain to compose the said court, which Shall and is thereby required to sit from day today (Sunday always except •. ed) until the femence be given: and whereas it bath been found by ex perience, that the confining members of court-martial to the Jbip in which such court-martial Shall first ajfemble, until Jentencc be given, hath been attended with great inconveniences and prejudice to the healths of officers summoned to attend as members of court-martial; and it is highly necessary and expedient that such inconveniences Should be prevented in future; may if therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords 

P 3 spiritual 

(^.ooqle 

Part of the said act repealed. 

Anno cjecimo nonp Gzorgii IU, 17. [1279*, 

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much and such part of the (aid recited ad as directs that no member of any court-martial, after the trial, is begun, (hall go on shore V till sentence be.given, but remain on board the (hip in which 

, the court (hall nrft alterable, except in cafe of sickness, to be 

judged of by the court, upon pain of being cadiicred from his majcfty’s service; and, that ’the proceedings of the said court (hall not be delayed by the absence of any of members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to compose the said court, which is thereby required to sit from day today (Sunday always excepted) until the sentence be given, (hall be, and the same it hereby repealed and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. 

Proceedings II Provided always, and be it enacted, That the proceedings of courts of any court-martial (hall not be delayed by the absence of any of 

*° its members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to com the absence of pe such court, which (hall, and is hereby required to sit from day any members, today (Sunday always excepted) until the sentence be given j any provided eno thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise remain to notwithstanding: and no member of the said court-martial (hall 

make a coutt. g^fent himself from the said court during the whole courfeof upon pm cafoiered from his majesty’s fer 

except on icc, exceptrin cafe of sickness, or other extraordinary and indif some extra pen fable occasion, to be judged of by the said court, ordinary oc HI. And whereas by two clauses in tbi said alt, palfed in tbi cafion. twenty fecond%year of the reign of his late majtfty King George the fecand? it is enahed and declared? That every person in the fleet, who «* Geotll. through cowardice? neglig nce? or difaffellion, Shall? in time of allien? recited, * * withdraw or keep back, or not come into the sight or engagement, or Shall not do his utmost to take or destroy every slip which it Shall be kts duty to engage, and tg ajjifl and relieve all and every of his Majeflys ships? or tbafe of his allies, zvhich it Shall be his duty to ajjifl and relieve? and being convified thereof by the sentence of a court-martial? flail suffer death; and also that every person in the fleet? who? through cowardice, negligence? or difajfeftion? Shall forbear to purfut the chase of any enemy? pirate, or rebel? beaten or flying? or Shall not relieve or ajflfl a known friend in view, to the utmost of his power, and being eonvilled of any such offence by the sentence of a court-martial flail suffer death : And whereas the refraining of the power of the court-martial to the infilling of the puniflment of death in the several cafes recited in the said clauses? may be attended with great hardjbip and m and altered, convenience? be it enacted, That, from and after the paffingof this ad, it (hall and may be lawful, in the feverai cafes recited in the said clauses, for the court mania) to pronounce sentence of death, or to inflict such other punishment as the nature and degree of the offence (hall be found to deserve. 

CA?, 

*779-] Anno dctimti ndoopeorgli III C 1$. 

/ '.. 7* 

CAP. XVIII 

An act for railing a certain Aim of money by way of annuities, and for 

eftabliflung a lottery. 

Preamble. 7, 000, 0001. to be ntiftd by knnuitles, and 490, 00? 1. by a lottery. Contribators to the fom of 7, 000, 0001, to be in titled to certain annuities) which iull be charged upon a fund to be established this session, and collaterally upon the finking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of 3i. 15 s. percent, for life, instead of for 19 yean, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exdiequer before dec.»i, i779. Every contributor of toool. (hall, upon payment of 70i. more, be entitled to fcveit lottery tickets. Preamble) reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of Commons. All perrons who have made deposits, pursuant to the afore aid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times fpedfied. Subfcnbers to the annuities to be allowed interest for ah moneys paid in advance Subfcnben to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their {ubfanpttom, Stall receive tickets to the amount thereof Subscribers to the 7, 000, 000!. entitled to an annuity of *1. per tent, and alto an annuity of 3 I. 15s. for 19 years 1 both payable half yearly. All contributors who (hall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1779, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1779, on the annuity of 31. 15 s. when they receive the half year's annuity due on the 

3 percent. otbcrwife they (hall not receive the said annuity until Jan. 1780. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the blank of England, Ac Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for moftey received; which (hall be assignable, Ac. Cashier to give security, to the good liking of the coramiffiouers of the treafuiyi and to pay all moneys received into Che exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply tlfe money paid in by the cafitier. A book to be orovided in the accountant general office, m which contributors names mall be entered, Ac. After contributors (hall have paid their subscriptions, they will he entitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft) which (hall be tax free. Sub iqriptions paid in part, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the pub lick. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the turns fubfcrlbed (hall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. accountant general, on payment of 50i. per ctnt. of their contributions, before June *5, 1779, to give credit to tne contributors for the annuity of 

‘ 31. 15 s. which (hall be transferable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this aft. Governor, Ac. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be iftued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this alt. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, where in (hall be entered all transfers of sunk advanced on this aft. Method of transferring. The annuities of 31. 2 59. percent, per emn. (hall be a separate flock from the other annuities. The annuities of 31.15s.per cent, to be made a joint (tock with certain annuities granted, for 30 years by the lottery aft of lait session. Perfotis pofletred of itock may dfevife the same by will, Ac. Commissioners of the treasury to dilcbarge all incidental charges attending the execution of this aft. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this aft (hall be added to the joint dock of 3 percent. transferable at the bank, Ac. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 490, 000]* to be raised by a lottery) the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, Ac. Contributors, for every 1001. they (ball advance, to be entitled to an annuity of 31.15 s. per mmatm for 7.9 years, or for life. Life annuities to be paid'at the exchequer half yearly. Cafhiers of the bank to give certificates to contributors who choose lire annuities, which may be alugned before Dec. 

4 if *77?* Caffiiers to tranfinit to the auditor of the exchequer a book Containing the names of the contributors, Ac, Contributors (hall de 

p4. liver 

atj 

. f. 

-. o 

•1 

214 

Anno derimo nono peorgir III C 18. f 1779, 

liver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec. *», 1779, to be exchanged for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to cause orders for payment to be made out as loon as convenient, which (hall be signed by the commifeoners of the treasury. Books to be kept in the offices of. the auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contributors, Sec. Part of the money toarife from the new duties to be fet apart fr tfce annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to cease. Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the exchequer. When contributors, Sec, demand payment of their annuities in tne absence of their nominees, they must produce certificates of their being alive on the day when the refpeltive half yearly payments become due. What certificate necessary when the nominee resides in England or Wales. Penalty on forging certificates, C What certificate northeast ctftary when the nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in parta beyond the Teas. Penalty on persons receiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a mopth after notice of the death of thtir nomifiee, to certify the same to the auditor of the exchequer, Sec. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax free. commissioners of the treasury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, Sec. of the exchequer, may cause view orders to be made in lieu of such as (hall be lost, burnt, cor de faced, or encumbered with affignmmrs.. Clause for preventing frauds relating to (landing orders, C Offenders to suffer death as felons. No see to be taken tor receiving or paying contribution moneys, or tor any transfer, See. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who (hall demand any such fee, or misapply the moneys, Sec. Offices, in certain cases, not to incur any penalty tor making wrong payments. If the fund to be ella blifhed for payment of the annuities fhouid prove insufficient, the deficiency to be supplied out of the finking fund; which moneys (hall be replaced out of the next supplies. If the fund (hall be more than sufficient to pay the annuities, the surplus to be reserved for the difpofiti n of parliament. Managers and diredlors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery'books. Ticket. Managers to examine the book pith the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the hank, taking a receipt for the same. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoled tickets, with an account of moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the.exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut oft indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 49, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, iqoo 1. to each first drawn ticket of the first eight days, and 1000i. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Publicfe notice to be given of putting the*tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawiog on Nov. 19, 1779. Method to be observed in drawing. Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed, Difputesto be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in pnlon, di(covering persons guilty, to rective a pardon, and 501. reward. Proviso. Managers to be (worn The oath. Cashier may receive the sums fubferibed, before receiving tne lottery bock, giving a note for the same; which (hall entitle the bearer to a ticket tor every 101. fo paid. Contributois not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits %%ith refpelt to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exenequer. Commiffimers of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they (hall think fit. Limitation of the (aleof chances, Sec. Penalty. Office keepers. see. fil mg (hares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500.1, and suffer j months imprisonment. No person (ball keep any office for the sale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of to I. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice chancellorv C *urt. Forfeitures may be levied by diftiefs, Sec. Procreding not to be temoved by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the (ame with effect, Sec. This aft pot to pjxjudice^ the privileges and jurifdiltions of the mayor. Sec. of Oxford. Offences committed iq Ireland against Brjtifti alts for prevemirig ' i unlawful 

i779‘j Anno decimo nono georgii TIT. C 19. 

unlawful lotteries, made puniftiable: Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 490, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this fefiion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March i, 1780, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, Sec. No see to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution moneys, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of aol. General issue. Treble costs, 

, XIX 

An act for defraying the charge of the pay apd clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouiand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

Preamble Where the militia is or (hall be railed, the receiver-general of the county is to issue tour months pay, in advance according to the efta bhthment of pay here fet down $ with half a year's salary to the regimental and battalion cterks; and the allowances to the clerks'of the general and subdivision meetings; and pay for clothing of the militia. Where pay has not been ifiued, no pay to be lfliied till the lord lieutenant, or deputies, (hall have certified to the treasury and receivers general the inrolment of three fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, (except the allowances to the clerks of the meeting) upon the producing the warrant of his appointment; and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to their order; according to the establishment laid down in the militia aft of 1 Geo. III A (econd payment is also to be made within three months after the firs, and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money (hall be fo paid, to difebarge the rcceivers general. The regimental and battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain tor the sergeants, and drummers; and for the ferjeaht ma jor and drum major two months pay to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong; Captains to distribute the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clefk, or receiver genera) it an iqdependant company, according to the following form; and pay back the surplus moneys in his hands. On discharge ot sergeants or drummers as unfit for service, no pay to be issued till others are appointed; nor any payment made to such as are discharged by the commanding officer. The clerks are likewise to pay, out ot the films allowed for contingent expenses. 1 d. per man for horpitalcharges; and Hie films necessary for the repair of arras, and carriage thereof Residue to be applied for the benefit of the regiment, cas the field officers and captains (hall direst Account of the said sums to be made up yearly C Mope y allowed for contingent expehces of independent companies to be ap plied and accounted tor by the captains. Clerk to retain money in his bands for his own salary. When the Id. lieut. or deputies (hall have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the same to the receiver-general, (becifying the number df men, and days thry shall be absent from home. receiver-general to issue there upon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk, Sec. Where there (hall be indipendant companies only, the receiver-general is to issue pay to the captains, See. according to the rate here fet down. Clerks to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their account according to the following form; t6 be signed by them, and countersigned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balapcc, to the clerk, or receiver-general Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the receivers genera] is to cease receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fisbdivifion meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant 

or 

21c 

Annodeelmtf ridjjd' g&oftoirhfc CD [17791 

ofnftputy tamnantt { whkh offler to b * to rtctitengmenl Regimental ap bartalkwrclerittogive fecurify tor pacing and accounting' for the moneys received by them j tne bonds to be todg*(f with the recenr ers^gcneral, and put in Rifr by them onncitf performance Of the condition! ahd they are intkjed thereupon to code and charges \ and $\*fet ob the money recovered the reftduej to be accounted tor to the audt tonne the>wgimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, fare to deliver in a&ottats of their receipts and diffiarfementi/ Code, See. where to be recovered No fee payable for any warrant or fan of money ifloed in pursuance of this aft. Officers on half-pay serving in the militia, ' may receive the fdbfiftenee money pay able to ttptamoieute*' nants, ofeisfigns, they taking the following oath'before a justice. The oath. reeeiver geoeral, upon receiving a warrant front the command iagv officer certifying the receipt of the dost hi ng, and an order for pay roent is to pay the same accordingly. If any regiment, die. shall cease. 3*.perdiem> id to be paid to the adjutant from iuch time to March 05.17so 

CAP. X ' 

aft/or .the better railing and securing a fund for a provifton for th widows and children of the ministers of the church' of Scotland, and of - the heads, principals, and roxfttrs, in the univerftftec of Saint Andrews, 

. Glalgow, Edingburgti, and Aberdeen $ and for repeating two actsmade in the seventeenth and twenty second years of the reign of hit im w jefty King George, the second for those porpofes, * r * • b! 

Preamble. Aft 17 Geo. it. recited. The said act amended[by.£6t}as Geo. il. Ministers now in the church, C to continue liable in payment of their rates. Ministers, Sic, hereafter admitted to be subject to rates. Proviso Rutcfor notifying the option of rates. Rule for ministers, coing their firtt payment, and future payments. Rate to be paid oh the ^eftui of a painittcr, C Mini Iters, subject to a tax on account of their marriage., Proviso in favour of those who marry annuitants. Time when, or cgioed assistants are subjected to rates { aud when they ffiall make their election of rates. Ministers, See. of 40 years of age at admission, and laing children, subject 10 additional, rates. Proviso iq cafe they are then ua married. Perfpns held two offices not subject to an additional rate. Rate payable out of the ann: And where no ann. is competent, by the heirs, Sic, Rates payblc out of vacancies. Intimation to be made to the patrons of the respective jparifhes when these rates become due. Time when these rates bear interest. Penalty on presbyteries, See, neglecting to make intimation. Rates, C privileged debts. Application of the money; awe. for payment of charges of management 5 for railing the capital $ and for paying the annuities to widows. Rule for computing annuities. Time when annuities (hall cease or determine. Children under age intitfed to reverson of annuities. Widows marrying ministers, Sec. to continue an jpoitanta. Proviso in favour of children under age. Sums to bj paid to * children whole fathers died widowers: When their proviftons are pawhji. Trustees, in certain cases, to make ftoppaget from the.widows annuities, also from the childrens proviftons. Loan of sol to be difeonttnued. Loans already granted to be repayed, with interest. Loans may be repaid upon giving notice thereof. Capital to be raised to 100, 000 i. Surpluses of the annual produce above the annual expense to be applied for railing the capital, and likewise such 301. as (hall be repaid. No encroachment to be made on the capital, nor the railing thereof retarded If the capital be diminished bow to be made up.. plan to be formed for disposing of the X surplus of the fund, after the capital is raised. In what cafe the laid plan may be fet aftde. Trustees appointed, Ministers in the univerlitiet and orelbyteries formerly trustees continued, unless they decline the office Ministers admitted to any office in the univerfitiea or St. Andrews, Glass 

Sow, and Aberdeen, C to be trustees. Such trustees only to continue uring their being in these offices. Each presbytery to cleft one Ti uftcci fo elected may refute to aft, Trustees authorised to levy mi o rates. 

v^ooqie 

1779*] Anno <jcdmo nono Georgii III C II *17 

rites, Ice. Trustees not to employ any part of the capital without con sin of rbe lord prtfident, Sec. Quorum of trustees, and meetings appointed. 

Manner in which the meetings of the trustees are to be called. Former clerk to the trustees eftxblifhed in his office. Succeeding clerks to give scanty. Former collector eftsbliibed in his office, Sc. Provild. Power to the collector to recover rates. The cel left Or to execute his office of le vying and applying the produce of the fund as directed by the trustees. 

Proviso. Collector to keep a public. office in Edinburgh. cotle&or to dedu& from widows annuities, and childrens provifioat, lum due by their dectafed huftwnds or fathers. Collector may appoint deputies. Expenses in recovering fume due from debtors to be paid out of their estates. 

Lords of council and fefion to issue letters of horning against Miuiftcrs, 

Sec. lor compelling payment t and for recovering Turns due from vacant benefices and faunes. coue&or, or his sureties in cafe of his death, may recover suns appointed to be made goodbye him. Resignation of officers to be made to the trustees at one of their stated meetings. Trustees may suspend or remove their officers upon reasonable cause. Vacancies of the office of derk or collector to be filled up by the trustees, until the meeting of the general aflerobly. Proviso. One or two may be chosen to execute the office of collector. Notice to be given of election of officers; or such ete&ion8*to be void. .General collector to give security. Preibyteriesto make op lists of mtnifters, See. admitted to benefices, Sec. Proviso in favour of the preibyteries in the Hies. Preibyteries, See. to give certificates to the widows and children. Trustees to make uplifts of widows and children inti Bed to receive annuities and proviftons. Trustees to settle the lists of annuitants. Scc.. and issue warrants for payment, Sec. General collector to make payment upon warrants being presented to him. 

Widows or children to lodge the certificates required. No rewards to be taken by the collector or clerk for delivering warrants. Remedy for widows or children omitted in the lists. If onriflion not owing to default, trustees may allow ihtereft on their claims. Time limited for making claims upon such omissions. Payments to be made to majors, and to tutors for minors. Annuities and provisions to children not liable to arrest ment. Trustees to attend stated meetings, or forfeit ts. 6d. Proviso, 

Trustees to prepare a ftste of the fund, and cause the same to be printed. 

Expense of printing, Sec. to be paid by the colledor. collector to exhibit an account of money come to his hands. Annual rates paid by the ministers deemed part of their stipends. Expense of this ad to be paid by the collector. Former acts repealed. Public ad. 

CAP. XXI 

Art 461 for licensing and regulating lottery office keepers. 

Mojl gracious Sovereign 

WE your majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal subjects, the preamble. 

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, think it will be for the advantage of the public, and that it will prevent many fraudulent practises used by persons dealing in lottery tickets, and in (hares and chances of lottery tickets, to grant unto your Majesty the duty upon licences, and to efta blifti the several regulations herein after mentionedj and therefore do mod humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted? and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after After April the fifth day of April one thou&nd seven hundred and seventy 5* 1779* no ' ’ nine, prrfontokeep 

booqle 

alottery office without a licence. 

Each licence tocoft 50i.j 

and (hall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers 

Licence to fct forth the. name ot the person taking out the same, Arc. and to continue in force for one year. 

Person lreep ing any office contrary to this a, to forfeit tool. 

Produce of the duty on licences to be 

Ahtio'decimo nono Georgii Ml. C 31. f 1779. 

nine, no person or persons whatsoever (hall, publicly or privately, setup, exercise, keep, or open, by himself, or any other person or persons, any office or place for buying, selling, in luring, registering, giving, or other wise dealing in, any tickets or chances, or parts thereof, or on the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, or shall, by writing or printing, publish the setting up or ufiag any'fuch office or place, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, in manner here afrer mentioned, before he, (he, or they, (hall fo fct up, keep open, or publish, any such office or place as aforesaid. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fa d fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, for every licence to be taken out by any person or persons, for every such office or place used for dealing in or concerning lottery tickets, as aforesaid, there (hall be paid unto his Majesty, hi heirs and successors, (over and above all other duties, to which the person or persons taking out the same may be refpedhvely liable, as brokers, or otherwise) the sum of fifty pounds, immediately upon taking out such licence; and every such licence (hall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the managers and diretfors of the lottery for the time being, and the duty : or the same shall be'paid at their office in London, or at such other place, apd to such person or persons, as the said managers and directors (hall appoint to deliver out such licences refpedtivelv, and to receive the said duties; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to all persons applying for the same, upo# their payment of fifty pounds for each licence as aforesaid. 

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such licence shall fet forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the same; and also the place where such business or dealing (hall be carried on; and such licence (hall continue in force for twelve calendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every person a6ting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expirarion of such licence, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, (hall rcfpe^ively forfeit, for each offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered and distributed in manner hereafter mentioned. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tbst every person who, after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, (hall pubjilh, open, setup, or keep, any such office or place, under any the denominations aforesaid, or any like denominations, contrary to the intent and meaning of this present at, (hall forfeit, for every (uch offence, the sum of one hundred pounds. 

V And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all the moneys to arise by the duty hereby granted for licences a 

aforesaid. 

Digitised 

1779-3 Anno deeimo, nono Georoii HI. C 21. 

aforesaid, shall! be applied towards defraying the exf>enees attending the commission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the lottery established by an a, made in this section of parliament, (entitled, An act for raiftng a certain sum of moiuy by way of annuities, and for ejiablijhing a lottery J in such manner as the cornmillioners or the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer fur the time being, shall direct, authorise, and approve. 

VI And whereas the dividing of chances or tickets in a lottery into very jjnall Jharesy has bun found mijehievous, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no perion or persons, fo licensed as aforesaid, (hall sell any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets in the faitl lottery, or of the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, in any smaller (hare or proportion than one sixteenth part or (hare only, or shall publish any proposals for selling any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or of any chance of any ticket or tickets in the same, in any smaller (hare or proportion tlnn one sixteenth part or (hare, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adi; every person who (hall offend in any of the said matters, (hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and difiributed in manner hereafter mentioned; and every such falc or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared njull and void. 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons (hall, under the denomination of Idle of any goods, wares, or merchandises, or with or without consideration, or under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever, protnife or agree to pay any sum or sums of money, upon any chance or event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or (hall publish any proposals for any such purposes as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a; and every person and persons who (hall offend in any of the said matters, (hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifry pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the manner hereafter mentioned; and every such promise or contra, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void. 

VIII Provided always, and is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such office or place kept for any of the said purposes, fo licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for any of the said purposes, or for the transaction of any business relating to the laid lottery, before the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eight of the clock in the evening, (except on the evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of the said lottery)) that the said limitation or restriction in point of time (hall be inserted in, and made a condition of, every such licence; and in cafe of any breach of the said condition, fuclv licence (hall be forfeited, and (hall and 

, may 

* r9 

applied towards defraying the ex pences of the lottery. 

No person to sell any Share of a ticket le's than a iijuecncd, 

on penalty of 50i. 

Penalty on 

pe fons pro mihng to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to thu a. 

No bufinefc to be trania&ed at any lottery office before eight in the morning nor after eight in (lie evening. 

Exception. 

220 

vid them in penalties, canno 

decimo nono Georgii Ilf. C rr. '£1779. may be revoked by any two or pa ore of the said managers iuid diredors; and (over and besides all other penalties td which Aich person or perfbns may be liable) fpch licehc^ (halt not be renewed, nor (hall any new licence be granted to, or for'the benefit of, the same same person or persons, dltedly or indireift ly, for keeping any filch office or place fdr of the ^ufpdfes aforesaid' 'r 

Two justices IX And whereas many persons have offered ig*it»$ for 

mayfummoa mer ads made for eftablilhing lotteries, in fach mariner thai offen^rs they could not be prosecuted to cor.vrdibn, by adirtn of debt, alt&c*and plaint, or information, in the regular coifrfe of law, witlf on proof of the in the period of drawing a lottery, and having made $hdr pro offence, confit thereof, have easily avoided the penalties incurred for fticfr offences by suddenly removing themselves; be it therefore evaded by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace, for the county, city, town, of place, where any offences (hall be committed against this ad, or the; said ad made in this session of parliament, upon infdt mation or complaint made to them upon oath (which oath they are hereby authorised to admihifter) against any person or • ions offending against this ad, or the said ad, to summon the party offending, and, upon full and sufficient proof being produced, to convict the person or persons fo offending against this or the said ad, in the penal sum or sums to be forfeited and paid by such offender or offenders as aforesaid; and the pek* ion or persons fo convicted (hall, immediately after such ccta vidion, pay such penalty to such justices of the peace as aforesaid;; moiety whereof (hall be for the use and benefit of such person or persons as (hall first inform and prosecute for the same, and the other moiety to be applied to the same uses and purposes as the moneys arising by the duty on licences granted by this ad are directed to be applied: and, upon the neglect or are notimme refusal of such offender or offenders to pay such penalty or pe southeast maybe na*^c* n manner aforesaid, the said justices, before whom such by dif offender or offenders (hall be convicted, are hereby authorised and required to grant a warrant of distress to levy such penalty or penalties of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders; and in cafe no sufficient distress (hall be found, then 16 commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol for such county, city, or place, there to remain for any time npl exceeding three months, or until the money fo forfeited ft&flh be fully paid and satisfied. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ‘ That if any person or persons whatsoever (hall forge or coun • terfeit any licence or licences, to be made forth by virtue of this ad for thepurpofes aforesaid, such perlon or persons (hall forfeit the fom of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him that (hall prosecute or foe for the same; to be recovered by 

action 

If penalties 

treft. 

On failure of distress, offender to be committed. 

Any person forging a licence, (hail f orfeit cool. See. 

321 

1779*] amp deamo booogsqkgh i&rrffaftt. 

aaion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in spy/of bb Mav jefty’s courts of record at tytftminfter, in which, no cjlbia, (*»► teuton, wager 6f law, or more ihanone jjniiwrunoe, fbailbe allowed; and (ball be subject to fucb other penal tie, ajbmaybe infliaed on perrons for forgery. • : ixi. 

And, the more effectually to prevent abides in the fellr Commiffioo. 

ing of lottery tickets in (bares or chances, be it enaltcd by the «* of the authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the conamigion to 

ers of the treasury, or the high treasurer, for the time being, office'in *lott shall and may, on or before the fifth day Qf April, one t houtand don, and to ap. seven hundred and fcventv nine, institute and eftablilh, and point a perton are and is hereby authorised and required to institute and cftab* tb 

luh, an office, within the city of London, for the purposes here 0f n *1 ere in after meotioned; and that any three or more of the (aid conv missioner, or the said high treasurer for the time being, dull ‘ 

appoint, and are and is hereby authorised and required to appoint Come one or more fit and proper person or pcr/ons to officiate in, and to conduit the business of, the said office, taking 

such security for the full and true performance of his or their duty therein, as to any three or more of the said commissioners, or to the said high treasurer for the time being, (hall Teem requisite and necessary; and that each and every ticket in the w; th whom all (aid lottery, before it (hall be divided into or (old in (hares tickets, be. or chances, (hall be brought to the said office, and (hau be tj’f)'are there deposited and left with the (aid officer or officers (o to be fljaree shall appointed as aforesaid, who is or are hereby authorised.. receive be dtpofited. the same... j 

XII And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid All (hares to That the said officer or officers foto be appointed as afoedaid, be damped by or his or their deputy or deputies, (hall, and is and ar hereby.th* officer, authorised and required to (lamp and mark each, and .every 

(hare or chance of each and every such ticket in the said lottery, fo deposited as aforesaid, with Come flourish or device engraved, thereon j and that the said officer or officers.fo.tp; be appointed who (hsh rive as aforesaid, or his or their deputy or deputy, upoij.the receipt * receipt for of every such ticket, or any number of tickets, in the (bid. Jot jmoswdsrith tery, for the purpose aforesaid, (hall give a receipt or receipts, ta the holder or proprietor, at whole office, such ticket or tickets in or (hall be (hared or divided, in writing for the same, in the form following; (that is to say,) ... 

received/a/ forms. 

on thousand seven hundred and seventy nitte, */ •.. .ceipt. 

a ticket in the pnftnt lottery, number which is 

divided into fares or choices -, purfuent to au a3 of 

parliament, made in th nineteenth year ef the reign of King George the third, entitled. An alt for licenfiag and regulating lottery 

office keepers; which said titktt now remain) in in purfuanteof the aft. 

XIII And be lt further ana&ed by.the authority, aforesaid, 

‘ * That 

222 

Alt tickets deposited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. 

The numbers of all tickets depoiited in the office to be entered in a book, witn the names of the owners and the number of (hares into which they are divided. 

ad. for each ilia• e to be paid to the officer on de potitifig tickers in the office i 

who (halt therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. 

Penalty on selling any (hare of a ticket without a lamp. 

Anno decimo nono gbo*gh III C 21. 

That each and every such ticket in the said lottery as (hall be fo deposited in the said office, and (hall be divided into (hares or chances pursuant to this ad, (hall remain and continue in the custody and possession of the said officer or officers, foto be appointed as aforesaid, until the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery; and that on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery, such ticket (hall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, upon producing the said officer’s said receipt for the same. 

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a book or books (hall be kept by the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid, who (hall truly and fairly enter and register in such book 6t books, the number of each and every (uch ticket in the said lottery, which (hall be fo as aforesaid deposited in the said office for the purpose aforesaid, together with the name and names of all and every such person or persons who (hall fo leave and deposit the same, for the purpose aforesaid, and also the number of (hares or chances into which each and every such ticket in the said lottery shall be fo divided as aforesaid; which book or books any person or persons whgm soever (hall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect, on payment of the sum of twopence, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid. 

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, upon the leaving and depbfiting of any ticket in the said lottery at or in the said office, with the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, the person or persons who (hall fo leave and deposit the same (hall pay to the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid, for each and every (hare or chance, into which each and ev, ery such ticket in the said lottery (hall be divided by the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid, the sum of twopence of lawful money of Great Britain \ and that with the moneys arising from such see to be paid as aforesaid, the said officer or officers foto be appointed as aforesaid, (hall bear and pay all such incident charges and expenses as (hall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all such rickets in the said lottery, as (hall be brought to and deposited in the said office as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, and all (»: her expenses attendant on the said office. 

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whomsoever (hall, at anytime or times hereafter, sell or expose to sale any (hare or ohance of any ticket in the said lottery, without such (hare or chance (hall have been first damped and marked by the said officer or officers, pursuant to this adt; that then, and in such cafe, all and every such person and persons fo offending, upon being convicted thereof before any one justice of the peace for any county, 

riding, # 

22$ 

i779*) Anpo detimo nono Georgii III c.21. 

priding, or division, or before the mayor, or other justice or justices, of the peace, for any city or town corporate, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which said oaths the said justices of the peace and mayor are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to admimftcr,) or upon the view of such justice, or justices, or the mayor, justice or justices, for any city or town corporate, or on the confeftion of the party or parties accused, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for each and every (hare or chance fo sold or exposed to sale, as aforesaid; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and seals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace of such 

county, riding, division, city, or town, where the offence (hall be committed; which said forfeitures, when recovered, after deducing the reasonable charges of such prosecution, (hall go and be applied, one third thereof to the informer, and the remaining two thirds, to the ufeof the poor of the parish where such offence (hall be committed. 

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (hall presume to forge or counterfeit, or tp cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting of any receipt or receipts for, or any (hare or (hares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, signed, divided, made, and delivered out, by virtue of this actor alter any number, figure, word, or (lamp, therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts for any (hare or (hares, chance or chances, of any picket or tickets; or (ball bring any such forged or counterfeit receipt or receipts, or any (hare or (hares, chance or chances, the stamp whereof, or any figure or word therein, (hall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such)) any person or 

gerfons whomsoever with a fraudulent intention, or (hall will ngly aid, abet, afiift, hire, or command, any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, then, and in every such cafe, all and every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of Law, (hall forfeit and incur the same penalty, to be recovered in the same manner, and suffer the same puniftunent, as is herein before iri flidltd and declared in respect to the forging or counterfeiting of a licence, in this adt before mentioned. 

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this adt, such person or persons (hall and may plead the .general issue, and give .this as, and the special matter, in evidence, in.his, her, or their defence or defences\x and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant pr defendants, or the jpjaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, .pr be nonsuited, or judgement (hall e given againa bjm, her, pr them, upon demurrer, or otherwise $ such de; Vol. XXXIL.........................Q,, fendant 

Application 

theieot. 

Penalty on 

forging or altering receipt, crut teing the same with a fraudulent in teation. 

General issue. 

Treble softs. 

224 

Preamble. 

Such part of an a 8 Geo. *1* for encouraging the importation of, naval (lores, cas relates to timber and lumber, 

further continued till Sept. *9, 1785, 4c. 

The abovementioned 

goods to be entered in the cudomboufe at the place 0 

importation, 

4c. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 22. [1779. 

fendant or defendants (hall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs. 

CAP. XXII 

An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores from the British colonics in America, to the landing of rum or spirits of the British Sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lardy and grease;; the regulating the fees of officers of the cujloms and naval officers in America; to the allowing the expert tation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Jbipptd as /lores‘ to be consumed on board merenant Ships on their voyages. 

f H E R E A S the lawi herein afttr mentioned have by expe V V rience been found useful and beneficialy and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted: and bo it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That so much of an ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the First, entitled. An act for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores^ and Jor other purposes therein mentionedy as relates to the importation of wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his majesty’s British plantations or colonies in Americay free from all customs and impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one years from the twenty-fourth day of Junet one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which by several subsequent ads, made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present majesty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Teflion of parliament, (hall be and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of sep tembery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 

II Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due entry of such goods (hall be first made in the customhouse belonging to the port where the same (hall be imported, in the same manner and form, express' 

'the quantities and qualities of the respective goods, as was used and practised before the making of the bid rerited aft; and the said goods (hall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed for that purpose, other wife such goods (hall be liable to the payment of the like duties as would be due and payable for the same at the times of the importation thereof, If the said recited ad had not been made \ and it (hall and may 

be 

1779 ] Anno dtcimonono georou III q.ii. 

be lawful for any officer of the customs to (lop such goods amf' secure the same in his Majefty’* warehouse till such duties are, accordingly paid; and if the same Shall not be paid within sat months after the said goods are brought to such warehouse, they (hall and may be sold, and the produce thereof applied in the same manner as other goods, which are brought to his m^jefty’s storehouses for security of the duties, may, by the laws now in force, be sold and disposed of, anything in the said recited ad,, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding, 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Paros n! «£! so much of an ad, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years »5&l6gc°*« of the reign of his fete majesty King George the Second, entitled, 

An act to empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the ruin. be britishfugar plantations, to land the same before payment of the duties, fore payment of exci/e charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their °£ the duties own expense; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in rtfpeft to the ° exc “e duty on. same rock Jalt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver end Dane; as relates to the landing of rum or spirits of the briti/h sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and to the lodging of the same in warehouses, at the expenee of the importers or proprietors thereof, which was to continue „ in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end cf the then next session of parliament, and which, by several subsequent adks of the twenty-third and thirty fir (I years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from ihence to the end of the then next kbion of parliament, (hall be, and further cootfe the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, nucd ®ep« until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven 19, 17 hundred and eighty, five, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of parliament. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ^ ^ 

hat an ad, made in the fevehth year of theieign of his present relating to the Majesty, entitled, An act to dijcontinue, for a limited time, the duties on im duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease, 

which was to be in force for three years, from the twenty-fifth a 

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and 

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; 

and which, by feverai subsequent adks, of the tenth, thirteenth, 

and sixteenth years, of the reign of his present Majesty, was 

further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one 

thousand seven hundred afcd seventy nine, (hall be, nd the further Ootid 

same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, m 

until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred, i. *** 

and eighty twos 

V And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid, That go much of a to much of an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of his ad so Geo. j. 

qa present 

226 anncj decimo nono Georgii 111. C 12. [15779. 

a relates to present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the fees of the regulating the 0fljccrs 0f the customs in America and for extending the same to houieofficcrf1 navs|l officers there, tfchich was to be in force from the first in America, day of Auguff, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the C term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then 

next session of parliament; and which was by two as, made in the twelfth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefenc Majesty, further continued until the first day of Auguf> one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to farther conti the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be, and the nued till Aug. same hercby further continued, from the expiration thereof, 1, 17 X c’ until the first day of Auguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 

So much of VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, capi as re at muc^ of an al, made in the sixteenth year of the reign lares to the of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for allowing tke export exportation of ation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles to his Majejlfs wheat. See. to sugar colonies in America, and to the ifiand of Saint Helena, and lonies18*1 C t0 the other fetdements belonging to the united company of merchants of England, trading to ffo east Indies; and of bifeuit andpeafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons'\vith respect to advising or carrying into. • execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for alkiving the 

* exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force urttil the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and which by two a<fts, made in the fcventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his % present Majesty, was continued until the first day of May one 

further conti thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, (hall be, and the nued till May same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, *» I * until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and 

eighty. 

Clause for en VII For encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of couragirg the the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar rum ^tcl^he p^antat»ons n America, from this kingdom, as (lores tb be sent produce of the and coofumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas; j&ritiqi sugar be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That during the term plantations, to 0f two years from and after the passing of this al, the same on^ardvel* drawbacks and allowances which are given by any former al fcls in foreign or as of parliament now in force on the exportation of such parts. • rum to parts beyond the Teas, as merchandise, (hall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their (hipping any such rum as (lores to be (pent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the fe#s; and when any merchant or merchants (hall be desirous of (hipping any such rum as (lores, as aforesaid, and (hall give five days notice thereof to the refpedfcive cotnmiffioners of excise, for the time being, or to such k - other perftmi or persons as^they (hau frobi time to time, api 

•* V point 

L ooqle 

1779-1 Anno dccirnojiomrgeoroii III c.23. 227 

point for that purpose, mentioning in such notice the exact destination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the (hip or vessel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, and also the number of his msjefty’s troops that may hereafter be embarked in the same; it (hall and ' may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excifc, or the person or persons foto be appointed by them as aforesaid, to afeertain the quantity of such rum which (hall be (hipped on board such (hip or vessel as (lores, and for which such drawback and - allowance (hall be paid and made; and also the flze and marks of the ca(k or calks in which such spirits (hall be fo (hipped; and on oath being made, before one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place from whence any such rum is intended to be exported, or before such other person or persons as (hall be au thonfed as aforesaid by the said commissioners of excise for that purpo/e, that the same are to be (hipped as (lores, to be spent and consumed in the voyage, the merchant or merchants (hipping the same (hall be paid the same drawbacks, and have the same allowances for rum fo (hipped, as if such rum had been exported as merchandise; provided always, That neither the said Drawback not drawback or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, to be allowed (hall be made or paid for any quantity of such rum which (hall be extorte^in a exported" or (hipped for (lores as aforesaid, in any calk which calk contain (hall contain less than one hundred gallons; nor (halj any such »ng than drawback or allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any gallon quantity of rum which (hall be fo exported or (hipped for (lores clc" as aforesaid, on board of any vessel or vessels of less burden than one hundred tonnes; but that all such rum (hall be exported and (hipped, in all refpelis not otherwise directed by this present ad, under the same rules, regulations, and penalties, as are pre feribed by any former ad or ads of parliament now in force, relating to the exportation of spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, as (lores to be spent and consumed aboard in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas. 

CAP. XXIII 

An ad more e&dually to enable the president and governors of the hospital or infirmary at Bath, efubliftied by an ad, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of hit late majesty King George the Second, entitled An a3 for tfiabli/bing and well governing an bojpital or infirmary in the city of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any lands, tenements, or here ditaments, or any interest in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or personal property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, pursuant to any will, or otherwise, to the amount limited in the said ad. 

Preamble. Recital of ad i Geo. %. The governors of the hospital were incorporated. Yearly income of the hospital about 560j. d. Devices, See. deemed valid, although not made conformable to statute of mortmain. Hospital estate not to exceed the sum limited by former ad. 

General laving. Public ad. 

0.3 C A P 

1 

Anno dcrimo nono osoxgsi till C 14, ^5. [1779 

S 

CAP. XXIV 

An act for charging the land within the north !ttl, pprt of the great level of the tens called Bedford Level, and divert lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland, with further taxes, for a limited time, for difenarging the debts incurred by the commiffionert under an act of the twenty (eventh year of King George the Second and for the better fuppertiog and preserving the drainage of the said land. 

Preamble, Recital of afts 15 Car. a, and 17 Geo. a. By the last mentioned aft, the north level and Portland, were divided into five di ft rifts 5 and commissioners appointed, who were empowered to lay taxea not exceeding 1 s. per acre for the first four years, and 6 d. per acre afterwards a and to borrow 14, 000/. That sum boirowed> and applied pursuant to that aft, and to another aft of 13 Geo. 3. Aft 19 Geo, empowered the corporation to borrow 5.000/. more. Recital of aft 11 Gto. 3. The 5, 000/. borrowed and expended, and other debts contrasted. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of 6d. per acre, and Portfand. 

3 d. per acre, payable to the corporation. The taxes, and money borrowed thereon, to be applied to the corporation works belonging to the jiorth level. The corporation impowared tg borrow the further sum of so, 000/.; which was borrowed accordingly. The revenues, after keeping down the interest of the debts, are in fufficientto support the works; which without further aid, will soon be in danger of breaking. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of rj. per acre, a nd; Portfand with fd. per acre, for nine years, payable to the coramifsoaert* New taxes to be applied with former taxes; viz. to keep down theintereft. of the debt pf 14, 000/. and in the gradual di/charge of that debt; and to the support of the works. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of 

4 d. and Portfand t>f a d. ptr acre, for the like term of nine years, payable to the corporation t to be applied to the works of the corporation belonging to the said north level. Quantities of the lands how to be uken. Accounts to be delivered in of the names of tenants, and quantities of )ands. How to proceed when owners neglect to deliver in accounts, or ft all deliver fofpicious accounts. Taxes to be paid by the occupiers. Tenants at rack tent to dedoft the same opt of their rents : hut not lritees holding beneficial leases. Power of diftrds, for recovery of though taxes. If arrears, etc. are not paid or goods replevied, within five days, they may be sold. Unoccupied l*nds to remain a security. Limitation of actions. General iftiic. Double cofis. General saving. Public aft; 

CAP. XXV 

Preamble. 

An cfl fa granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the refpeflive. commifftoners of the cujioms and excise in Great Britain. 

Moji gracious Sovereign, 

Wp, your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal fuljtgs, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajjembitd, towards raising, by the moi easy means, the neeeffary applies to defray your Majfly's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily rtfohed to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies and duties herein after mentioned•, and do moji humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be entitled, and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present 

parliament 

*779-3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 25. 229 

parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That From AP” j1 Sp from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven" " 

and seventy nine, there (hall be raised, levied, col after the rate lested, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs oi $ percent. and successors, an additional impostor duty, after the rate of of f.bc *°r™cr five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of all the jmtn 

several subsidies, imports, and other duties, of what kind or porfc<j int™' nature soever they may be, which arc now due and payable to exported From, his Majesty, and are collected in this kinyiom under the ma or carried nagement and direction of the respective commirtioners of the q^catbritain curtoms in Great Britain, for and upon any goods and mere n chandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in, Great Britain; which (aid additional import or duty shall be charged and paid upon the amount of the said former subsidies, imports, and other duties, after the usual discounts and other allowances have been made and deducted therefrom, and (hall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon exportation of the goods, under the same rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the feme manner and form in all respects, as the present duties of curtoms are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, except as herein after is provided. 

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the ^nzcch®°^/ authority aforesaid. That the said impostor duty herein before notvable X granted, shall not be charged and paid for or on account of to the afore any prize goods warehoused in this kingdom pursuant to two said duty, several afts of parliament, the one made in the eighteenth year 

of his majesty’s reign, and the other in this present session, for granting relief to the captors of prizes with respect to bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; nor for any other goods which by any aft of parliament now in force are permitted to be warehoused in this kingdom for exportation, unless, and until, such goods (hall be taken out of any warehouse wherein they are fo Secured, to be consumed or used in this kingdom *, and that the said additional import or duty (hall not be drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of any goods, in any cafe where no drawback is allowed by law. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, An additional That, from and after the said fifth day of /fpr; 7, one thousand ciiwwe goods seven hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be charged, levied, (excepta»after collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs excepted), and fuccefiors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per a, ler the rite centum, upon the produce and amount of all the several inland ^rmer^ duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as herein duties. 

after is excepted) now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland \ which said additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum hereby imposed) (hall and may, from time to time, be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and Secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such 

Q power 

23° 

This aft not to affect the duties granted by the malt aft of this leflion, nor those on beer, soap, tallow candies, and hides, made, C in Lvreat Briuiiq. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 25: [1779* 

power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and direcsti — ons, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which that said additional duty and charge is hereby imposed, are or canby any statute now in force, be respectively charged raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and fvery the several respective powers authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act. 

IV Provided always, and it b herdby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained (hall extend or be construed to extend, to charge, with the said additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount of the duty on malt, mum, cyder, or perry, continued and granted to his Majesty in and by an agt made in this present lesion of parliament, entitled. An act for continuing and granting to bis Myefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one t b oufart dfeven buhdrei and seventy f ine; nor upon the produce or amount of the duties arising from and payable for any beer, fope, tallow candles, or hides, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dressed, within Great Britain; anything herein before contained to the contrary norwithfiandine. 

An additional V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, duty on malt That from and after the said fifth day of April, one thousand of in: r kvcn hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be charged, raised, payable there lev>e(u collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, on by an act his heirs and fuccefiors, an additional rate, duty, and impofi of 33 <pco. ». tion, of fifteen pounds per centum upon the produce or amount of the duty payable on malt, by an a made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raffing the sum of eight millions by way of annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of cor 4 making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lofty burnt, or other wise defiroyed. 

TV sud rnty VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, to be raifrd. That the additional rate, duty, and imposition, of fifteen aeveeavkm poun^s Per tentum hereby granted, shall be afeertained, secured, the Hi regions raised, collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in fuel) and the contained in like form and manner, and under such management, and by the ma t aft the same Ways, means, and methods, and with such and the pt this lemon. jjj^e allowances and repayments, and power of making compos fitions, proportionally and according to such rules, regulations, and directions, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and fines, 

. * ' witty 

l^ooqie 

j77$*1 Anno decimo riono'georgii III c.25. 231 

with such power of recovery and mitigation thereof, and other powers, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed, for or concerning the ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the several and respective duties upon malt within Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his Majerty, in and by the said above recited act, made in this present section of parliament, or as are contained in any other act or acts of parliament in and by the said act, made in this present session, mentioned or referred unto, or any of them; and that all and every article, rule, clause, matter, and thing, in them, any or either of them, contained or thereby referred unto, shall be in full force and effect, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, for charging, ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the said additional rate, duty, and imposition, of fifteen pounds per centum hereby' granted, and for levying, recovering, and mitigating, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and for doing all other matters and things, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were specially repeated and reenacted in the body of this present ach 

VII And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, New duties That the said additional imports and duties by this act granted, 10 ** 

Xhall, from time tp time, be paid into the hands of the receiv * 

er general of the customs, and to the calhier of the excise in H 

England,, respectively, for the timeheing; and such receiver-general 

and calhier respectively dial] weekly, to wit, on Wednesday 

in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then 

on the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all 

the moneys arising by the said additional imports and duties, 

!the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and answering the ame, only excepted) into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general and calhier respectively (hall receive for the use of his Majerty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned. 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be kept fe that therp Shall be provided and kept, in the office of the au tr^n 

ditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in cr tt 

which all the moneys ariftng from the laid several imports and duties, and paid into the laid receipt as aforesaid, Shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majerty, his heirs and successors, upon any account vvhatloever; and the said money fo paid into the said receipt of and to heap, exchequer, as aforesaid, lhail, together with such other rates, P, icd in pay duties, and revenues, as Shall be granted by any act or acts of this feffioq of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the granted by payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges the lottery and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant of this £0 an act of ttyis present session of parliament, entitled, An oftrcflrion* 

Preamble. 

Aft 11 Geo. 3 recited, 

and further 

continue u(^x cept as after excepted) foi seven years. 

Part of a clause in the said act repealed 

Anno decimo nono ge6rgii HI. C *6. [1779; - 

for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and far 

eflablijhing a lottery. 

CAP. XXVI 

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the encourage mem of the white herring fishery. 

WHEREAS by an act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present maje/ly, (entitled, An act for the ' encouragement of the white herring fishery), it was enacted, for the better regulation of the said trade, andfor preventing frauds and impoftions in the management thereof That from ana after that twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, a bounty of thirty Billings per tonne Should be paid annually, in manner as in the said act is provided for, to toe owner or owrters of all deekt vejjels from twenty to eighty tonnes burden, that Should be fitted out and employed in the said fishery, in manner, and under the regulations mentioned in the said act and that for the fpaco and term of seven years from and after the said twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and jevenly one, and to too end of the then next ensuing fejfton of parliament: and whereas tbi said fishery is of greatejl importance to the nation, by promoting useful indujlry, providing for great numbers of poor people, and frying as a mtrfery for stamen;; the same cannot be carried on without the aid ofa bounty, and as a prolongation of the above recited a ft (which expires at the end of this present session of parliament) wiu be of great advantage to the public; May it therefore please your ma jefty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that - the said aft, and all the powers, provisions, clauses, and pe # parities, therein contained, (except as herein afrer is excepted) r (hall, from and after the term therein mentioned, be, and the same are hereby granted and continued for and during the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and (hall, during such additional term, be in full forte, and be put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present aft. 

II And whereas great inconveniences have arisen to the said fishery, and to the persons employed therein, by reason of part of a clause in the said act which cnafts, that every buss or vijjetfboll proceed respectively, manned, furnished, and accoutredv (as therein mentioned), either to Yarmouth in the county Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, and Leith in the county of Edinburgh, Invernefe in the county of Inverness, or to Brafley Sound in Shetland, Cambeltown or Oban in Argylefhire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be at the rendezvous of the said fishery there on or before the twenty second day of June, and hall not/boot 

or 

i779-] Anno decimo nono Georgii lit. c.27. 

or wet their nets before the twenty fourth Jay of the said month of / June and Shall continue fijbing to the twelfth day of October; or Jhallproceed to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, Leith in the county of Edinburgh, 

Inverness in the county Inverness, or to Braflcy Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argylefhire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be at the rendezvous of the said fijheries on or before firjl day of October, and Shall continue fijbing until the eleventh day 0/ January followings unless they Shall have sooner completed their loading of fijo; be it therefore enafted9 That, from and after the pafling ot this present ad, jhat part of the said daufe above recited (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That whmt every such buss or veifes, (hall from and after the palling of places, and at this present ad, proceed rcfpedivcly, manned, fiirniihed, and what time, accoutred, in manner dir£ded by the beforerecited ad, either to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland Leith y in the county of Edinburgh Inverness in the county of Inverness, or to brajfey Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argylejhire% Kirkwall in Orkney, Stranrawer in the county of Wigton or to Stornoway in the island of Lewie and county of roj's9 and (hall be at the rendezvous of the said fhhery theat any time between the first day of Augujl and the first day of Oftober9 in each year, and (hall continue (idling for the space of three months from the day of their respective departures from the said places of rendezvous, unless they (hall have sooner completed their loading of fi(h; anything in the before recited ad to the contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXVII 

An act for further continuing and extending the proviftons of two acts; made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year oj the reign of bie present Majesty, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax y and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and striped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and other liner of above at certain breadth. 

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of of in 

the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, {inti z %9 U a tuledi An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and raking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax); it is enafteds Thatvthere (hall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or dedudion whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and Irish linens, made of hemp or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, under the value of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny \ arid of the value 

234 Anno decimo nono Georoii III c.27. [1779. 

Jue of five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny; and of the value of sixpence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen pence per yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, jn the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and within the term of fifteen years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the Eaji Indies: and it was thereby further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty foyrth day of June, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition whatsoever, (hold be demanded, collected, received, or t^ken, upon any raw or brown linen yarn, made Qf flax, and known by the names of Dutch yarn, and French yarn, and of spruce or Mufcovia yarn, or any other foreign raw or brown linen yarns, made of flax, which (hall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such linen yarns shall and may be imported duty free for the space of fifteen years, froth the said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament, any former law, ftatyte, or a or als of parlia and jo Geo. 3. m 10 the contrary not wi*h (landing : and whereas by another cap. 38. eft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefint Majesty entitled. An ail for continuing the bounties on British and Irish linens exported; for further difcontimiing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and ilriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, iheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth); the said firjl recited aft of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, was thereby continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament : and it was thereby further enafled. That there (hall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction, whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British chequed or striped linen, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and not exceeding one (hilling and sixpence, and not under seven pence, in value per yard, the sum of one halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and within the term of seven years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the (hen next session of parliament immediately following the expiration of the said additional term of seven years, (hall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the Eaji Indies, in the same manner and under the like provisions, conditions, and limitations, as the hereinbefore recited bounties were allowed by the said al of the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and continued under the said 

j779-3 Anfto decimo nono Georgii III C iy., 2JS 

syst of the tenth year of his present Majesty: : by the said last recited ad, it was further enacted, That for and upon every square yard of diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and others species of linen, upwards of one yard English in breadth, though of no finer or better fabric or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth, (which are entitled to the bounty by the said first recited ad), being of the manufadure of Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one (hilling and sixpence the square yard in value, a bounty of one penny halfpenny upon every such square yard, and foin proportion for any quantity exceeding a square yard, (hall be allowed upon the exportation thereof, respectively, for such time, and in such manner, and under and subject to the like conditions, restrictions, and limitations, as are preferibed by the said first recited ad of the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty’s reign, and continued by the said ad of the tenth year of his present Majesty j and whereas the manufadure of linen would continue to be improved, and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be preserved and increased, if the bounties granted by the said recited ads of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, were continued, and the duties on the importation of foreign raw Jinen yarn, made of flax, taken off for a further term of years : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said two ads, made in ^thetwo twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the^ted tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the thercontinued same are hereby further continued, under all the clauses, con for 8 years, ditions, and limitations, contained in the said two recited ads, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 

II And whereat, by a clauje in the said all of the twenty-ninth ftme year ofhhlatt Mfjefiyand alfi hj tie tent year of the one 

reign of his present majejty, it is provided and enabled, Tlmt no exportation of linen of the manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Irish linens the Britain, Shall be entitled to the bounty, unless such linen ball be, at property of the time of such exportation, the property of a person or persons residing in Great Britain, or in some of his Maj'flys colonies or plan oitthofe the rations in America : and whereas it is reasonable that the like benefit property of and advantage Should be allowed to the merchants of Ireland, as is persons refid by the said ah allowed to persons reftding in the American colonies, BS in amen and plantations; be it therefore further enacted. That duringca* the continuance of this ad, all linen of the manufadure of ire land, to be exported from Great Britain, being at the time of exportation the property of a person or persons residing in Ireland, (hall be entitled to the said bounty upon the like terms 'with linen the property of persons residing in the American • 

. V colonies 

Anno dcchno oono Georgii III C 28. {*779* 

colonies and plantations : anything in the said adls, or eit^pr of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXVIII 

An act to permit during the present bojiilities with France, certain goods enumerated in the act of navigation to be imported in British built Ships sold to foreigners and for releasing Ships and goods which have been ffixed in pursuance of the said aft. 

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled Recital of the An act for encouraging and increasing of (hipping and naviga navigation tion), it is among other things enacted that no goods or comma it ar. %. ^^ growti)^ production or manufacture of Mufoovy, or of 

any the countries dominions or territories, fo the great duke or emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging \ as also that no sorts of majls* timber or board no foreign fait pitch tar rofm* hemp or flax, raiftns* figs prunes olive oils no sort of corn or grain fu got pot ales wines vinegar or spirits called aqua vitae, or brandy wine Shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Jhip ar Ships vejfel or vejfels, whatsoever but in such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, or some of them as the true owners and proprietors thereof and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at leaflf are English; ana that no currants nor commodities of the growth product or manufacture of any of the countries islands dominions or territories to the Ottoman or Turkish empire belonging Shall be imported into any of the forementioned places in any Jhip or vejjel but which is of english fo/7/ and navigated as aforesaid and in no other except only such foreign Ships and vejfels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth production or manufacture respectively ar of such port where the said goods can only be or most usually are first Jhipped for transportation and whereof the mafler* and three fourths of the mariners at least are of the said country ar, place under the penalty and forfeiture of Jhip and goods: and whereas the selling of british built Ships to foreigners is a beneficial branch of trade and ought therefore to be encouraged and it is highly reasonable that British Ships fo sold to or being the property of foreigners Should enjoy the same privilege in theft kingdoms as if they were of the built of the respective countries or places from whence such Ships The (aid alt &*cme\ be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent not utextend hy and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri 

during the tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament present hofti assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and franct^to ater one thousand seven hundred and 

prevent the seventy nine, and during the present hostilities with France but importation no longer, the said recited adl of the twelfth year of the reign of certain enu of King Charles the Second (hall not extend, or be construed h t0 exlend’ t0 hinder or prevent any person or persons what property oi soever from importing into the kingdom of Great Britain or 

r ^ 7 o Ireland 

Preamble. 

X 

1779*1 Anno decimo nemo georgii III C 19. iyj 

Ireland, any of the said goods or merchandizes hereinbefore foreign, mentioned and expressed, in (hipping built in Great Britain, p™gritifoo? Ireland, or the islands of Guemfey, Jersey, or Man, or in any info built, pf the lands, islands, dominions, and tetritories, to his Majesty * 

Africa, Afta, or America, or in his pofieffion, (o as the matter, and three fourths of the mariners at leatt, belonging to, and navigating any such (hips or veitel, are British, or of the same country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, and manufacture, respectively, and not otherwise. 

II Provided always. That all such goods and merchandizes Goods hn 

fo imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in (hips belonging p?rte{?»n such to, and the property of, foreigners, although british bit, ^iew dudou shall be liable to aliens and all other duties, in the same manner as if such (hips were foreign built. 

III And whereat feveraljhipt or veffelt british built, which are Owners of all the property of foreigners, and navigated with foreign mariners, have ^iclfhave aj errived in this kingdom finee the present hostilities with France, laden ^ady arrived with form of the goods and merchandizes mentioned and expressed in since the pre the before recited aft of the twefth year of the reign of King Charles sent hoftilitiet the Second, and the owners of such goods are prevented from inter 2*% 

ing the same, and some have been seized, with the vejpls importing lhc pjnest of such goods, on account of their being liable to the penalties and for this act. feitwres infilled by the said aft: and whereas it is recfonable that the owners of such Jbips or vejfels and goods Should receive the benefit intended by this aft \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the owners of such goods fo imported, to enter and pay tjie aliens and other duties due and payable for the said goods, without incurring any penalties or forfeitures whatsoever, for or by reason of the said recited act; and that the said goods fo entered, or to be entered, and the said (hips orveffels. in which they were imported, (hall be released and discharged from any seizure or forfeiture on account of such importation, anything in the said recited act, or any act, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXIX 

An act for allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, fn the ifle of White, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like rejhriftions as corn, grain, and flour, are allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. 

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn. 

WHERE asiy an act, rttade in the thirteenth year of the Preamble. 

reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of com; it is enabled. That in Recital of the ease any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg,. 

or oats, Shall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said 13 aft particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act Shall be due and payable for such species of com, grain, flour respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith 

Wheat, wheat flour, C may be imported at Cowes duty, free, subject to the regula tions contain ed in the a above recited mst. 

Anno decimo nono georgh III c.30 — 32. {*773* 

with landed from on board the fbip or veffoly in which such [pedes of corny grainy or floury hall be fo importedy in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the tuflomsy without payment of the aid dutiesy under certain reflnftions and regulationi in the fcid a mentioned and pre/cribed: and whereas it is expedient that comy grainy and floury imported into the port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed by the j'aid aft hall be due and payable for fucb (pedes of corny gra'iuy or floury refptftivelyy Jbouldy in like manner, be landed without payment of the [aid duties: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, (hall be imported^nito the said port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed iw the said ak (ball be due and payable for ifuch species of corn and grain, or flour, respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the (hip or vessel in which such species of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, with. 

. payment of the said duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, (hall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said act are lubjeft and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said port of Cowes had been included in the said a St; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. 

CAP. XXX 

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several panflies within the hundred of Cosford (except the parish of Hadieigh), and aifo of the parish of Polltead, within the hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk.. 

cap. xxxr. 

An act for building a new assize or townhall and market house within the city or borough of Wells, in the county of Somerset; and (or regulating the markets within the said city or borough. 

CAP. XXXII 

An act for continuing and amending two acts, made in the twenty^fixth year of his late Majelty, and ‘the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing the road from Piptr's Inn aforesaid to athelney bridge \ anti alio for paving, cleansing, and lighting the city or borough of Weilti in the said county, and tor removing and preventing incroacbmcnts, ftuifances, and annoyances therein. 

-■ • ‘ * • " A p: 

lrooqle 

*39 

*779*1 Anno decimo nono gtorgii III C 33.' 

CAP. XXXIII 

An adi for draining, improving and preserving, the lowlands in tbo parishes of a!tear, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the county palatine of lancaaer. 

Preamble. Boundaries of the lowlands 3 in Mclling, in Magbul), in Altcar, in Down Holland, in Formby, in Altcar, in Formby, in ajtcac, in Ince Blundell, in Little Crosby, in luce Blundell, in Lunt, in Sefton, in Netherton, in Aintree3 commissioners names. Commilfioners inpower ed to change the course of the river Alt below Bull Bridge; and to make a new channel 3 and to open several rivulets; and to make bridges, drains, ahj other works; and to use earth and ground near the banks. Commissioners authorised to alter the course of nvulers and brooks but not to lessen the ttreams which supply Sefton mills, C Clause for limiting the time when the new channel (nail be made, Sec. River Alt to be kept open a, id cleaned till the new channel is completed, and adjudged sufficient to drain the lands. Jury to be summoned. Commissioners may summon witnesses, and examine, them On oath. If jury find the new channel sufficient to drain, the old channel not to be opened in future. Incapacitated perfoos empowered to agree for damages done to lands. If taey cannot agree, then to be bound by adjudication and assessment of damages or, at the election of the party sustaining damage, by the Quarter fefflonsj or by a Jury. Commissioners to issue warrants to the (neriff, or a coroner, tor summoning the jury; to appear before the commissioners. Sheriff to return issues to 40 s. of every juryman not appearing. Jury sworn to contift of twelve men. Commissioners empowered to summon witnesses, and to examine them on oath; and may older jurors to view the premises. Jury to aflefc damage: their verdict to be conclusive 3 if 10 days notice be given of delivering the warrant. The damages to be paid according to the priority of agreement with the parties. The commissioners empowered to make tt^e new channel through Mr. formby*i Isnds, and to settle damages. If parties cannot agree a jury to bs summoned, whose verdict (hall be final. Expends of the jury by whom to be born. Peifons requeuing a jury, to enter into a bond to profecurc theif complaint, See. Complaint of damages to be given in writing within six calendar months after done, or party not entitled to damage. First meeting of commissioners. How to proceed on failure of a fuffreient number to adjourn. Commissioners to appoint officers, and allow them fabrics. Officers to give security for performance of their duty. Allowance to commilfioners. The lands to be annually taxed by the commissioners according to the improvement they will receive from the drainage, dummtflionefs to give public notice of meetings for making rates. The owners and occupiers to give an account to the commiflioutrs of their different estates and interests. A copy of the estimates and afteflraents to be left in the vestry of Sefton, for the in/peftion of the parties, wfio may appeal to commissioners, and to the quarter sessions, or a jury : and if to a jury, the commissioners to issue warrants to the (heriff or Coroner, for summoning a jury of 14 men. Sheriff to return issues of 40 s. of every juryman not • appearing. Jury sworn to coniift of is men. Commissioners empowered to call witnesses before them, and examine them on oath 3 and may order jurors to view the premises. Verdict of the jury to be final, if ten days notice be given of delivering the wairant. Colls of jury to be paid by tne party complaining, if the complaint be adjudged fnvolohs or vexatious \ but if otherwise, by the Commissioners. Bond ro be given to pay colls of jury if the complaint (hall be adjudged frivo'ous or vexatious. commissioners may summon witnesses, and examine them on oath. Penalty for not appering. When rates are neglected to be paid, they may be levied by distress. Tenants to deduct taxes out of then rents. For the better recovering payment of the taxes. How taxes may be levied on unten anted premises. How to recover payment of the money from the cblledlort. Commissioners empowered to borrow money, and to assign the rates as a VOL. XXXII R lean it. 

i 

Anno decimo nono Geokgii III c.34. [1779, 

security. Further security to the lenders. Alignments of the rates may be transferred. The occupiers only to be taxed for repairs after the money borrowed (hall be paid end Che works completed. puni(hment for destroying the works. Penalty for opening flood 'gates See. Offenders, tor second offence, to be punched as felons. Penalty of making watering places) or driving carriages or cattle on the banks. Exception relating to driving cattle. To prevent feeding cattle on the banks or drove ways. The banks not to be mowed, ploughed, or dug, but by direftioa of commiflionen.^commiffiovitrs im powered to plant star in the lowlands. Penalty on occupiers of lowlands who shah neglect to open watercourses, and repair doughs and tunnels. The tenure of lands not to be altered by any forfeiture incurred by this ad. Works done by virtue of this aft not to be subject to commissioners of fcwers. In cafe the new channel be made through Mr. formby’s lands, the commissioners (hall cause a carriage bridge to be made in bis lands, and such other bridges as they (hall think proper. Election of new commissioners. Persons interested in the lands incapable of being commissioners. No business valid unless done at meetings. Commissioners becoming interested incapable of acting. Commissioners to be sworn. The oath. Commissioners not to be personally, or their estates, subject to any colts or charges by means of their acting in the execution of this aft. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Persons may recover, in cafe of irregularity in distress, for special damage 5 but not after amends tendered. Books of account to be kept, Accounts to be passed yearly, or oftener. Rules and orders to be entered in books, andfigned; and may be given in evidence. No order to be reversed, unless by consent of five commissioners. Saving the rights of lords of manors. Fishing and fowling reserved to owners, justices may adminitler oaths. False evidence to be punished as perjuij. Persons aggrieved by order of jufticet, may appeal to the quarter sessions 5 whose order (hall be final. Proceedings not to be quaflied for want of form. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble colts. Public aft. 

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majetty's reign, entitled. An ab for draining and prtferving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the South Level part of the Great Level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, Wtjl, and the hard lands of botti/bam, Swaffbam Bulbeck, and S was bam Prior, East and for imfowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the Great Level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to feu certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforrfaid, commonly called Invefied lands. 

Preamble. Recital of an act 7 Geo. 3. The boundary inconvenient, and tolls insufficient, See. Description of the new boundary. What lands (baj! be taxed. Tolls on the east bank of the river Grant. Penalty on evading the tolls. New tolls at the several Unices. On neglect of pay ruent of tolls, colleftois may ftize vessels and goods, and (ell the same. Exemptions from tolls. In order to ascertain the quality and quantity of goods, watermen (hall give accounts thereof. Penalty on refufel, or giving a false account, which may be levied by difirefr. On failure of dittreis, offender to be committed. Half tolls only to be paid till certain sums (hall be laid out. Toll at Burwell New Load. Trustees impowred to reduce the tolls. Lands dug into turf pools, unable to pay the whole tax, to pay one half for (even years. Owners may appeal. Power to appeal from former assessments. Justices not to aft where interested. Satisfactionfor injury done to the rush ground. Power to relieve the proprietors of adventure lands. Proviso. Persons refuting to pay tastes, one month after notice, to forfeit twopence for every (hilling in arrear. Taxes and for ieitures may be levied by diitrefiu Tenant. to pay tilt taxes, and dcdnft 

CAP. XXXIV 

the 

, 779, 1 Anno decimonotto Gboroii III c.35. 24 

the same out of their rents.' Grounds to remain a security for taxes, and may be (old. When taxes oiau be in arrear for commons, the said com mens may be let, or sold to the bed bidder.' Public notice to be given of Tales. How money paid for adventure lands flaall be applied. Deeds hall be registered. Lands, when sold, to be liable to taxes by this and the former act; and by aft 15 Car. II Com misti oners may borrow money, and assign Use rates 3s a security. Moneys aflefttd by this aft, charged with payment of principal and interest. Alignments may be transferred. 

Transfers to be entered in a book. When cattle are driven awsy, and goods removed, to prevent recovery of taxes, they may be distrained elsewhere. Ferfons digging turf pits improperly, to forfeit tos for every tbou&nd of turfs. The new banks of great use to travellers. Power to erect turnpikes thereon. The tolls. Power to erect fences to prevent evading tolls. Penalty on destroying fences. Exemptions from tolls. Penalty on claiming exemptions unjustly. The clerk may adjourn meetings. 

Four public meetings to be held in each year. In cafe of' nonattendance, new commissioners may be appointed. There being only three com nsi/tioners for Bottifham, another shall be appointed. For improving the commonable parts of the lands. Fen reeves may direst the management thereof. The commissioners may determine differences. Cattle feeding contrary to agreements may be impounded, C Cattle (hall not Itop to departure on the grounds, C under the Penalty of 40s. Sedge, See. not to be cut in certain places without leave. Fen reeves to cause drove ways to be mended, ana ditches to be feoured. Charge on a commonable right not tp exceed 3 s. Commiffiontrs may appoint fen reeves, if parishes neglect it. 

commifgoners may take earth from boutes or wales, making satisfaction to the owners. Punishment for destroying works. The last clause not to invalidate the former aft. Proceedings net to be qua&ed for want of form nor removed into any court of record. Saving the rights ofconfer vators. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble colls. Aft 7 Geo. 

Ilf. to remain in force, except where altered. Public aft. 

CAP. XXXV 

Ah ad to repeal fi mud offeveral oils of parliament, os prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland j and to permit the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as Tobacco of the growth of British Colonies in America is permitted 

te be imported. 

WHEREAS it is of the greatejf importance to the strength Preamble. 

and security af these kingdoms, that every attention and encouragement Should be given to such of the produce and manufacture of the kingdom of Ireland as do not materially interfere with the commercial interests of Great Britain: and whereas by an afff made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 

(entitled. An act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or lowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland) and by diverse other ads fmee faffed, the culture of tobacco within the kingdom of Ireland, and the exportation of the same from thence, is prohibited; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and So much of by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenti two actsof eth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, nr ^ so much Qf two several afts of parliament, the one made in the anyotherafts R 2 twelfth made in this 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 35. [1779j 

Kingdom twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second, (entitled, which prohi An act for prohibiting the plantings sittings or owing, of tobacco in bits the plant England or Ireland;) and the other made in the fifteenth year of tofaccoin tie rc*6n King Charles the second, (entitled. An act for the Ireland re encouragement of tradei) or of any other ad mad in this king pealed. dom, which prohibits or retrains the setting, planting, or improving to grow, making, or curing tobacco, either in seed, plant, or otherwise, in the kingdom of Ireland, (hall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void. 

II And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore jrifli tobacco That no tobacco the growth, product, or manufedure of 

to be exported Ireland, (hall be exported from thence to any port or place what to Great Bri soever out of the/aid kingdom of Ireland, except to great bri tain only; un tain, under the like securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are rui, e&ccpre prcfcr*hed in an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of scribed in the King Charles the second, (entitled. An act for the encouraging and navigation increasing of Jhipping and navigation,) with tefped to tobacco, and. 

adt t Gar. II other enumerated goods of the growth, product, or manufacture,, of any of the English plantations therein mentioned. 

The duty of III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore offictrsofthe said, That when any tobacco the growth, product, or manufac customs in ture cf Ireland, (hall be laden on board any (hip or vessel, at any 

ftfpp?ng°ofthc Port or pace whatsoever within the said kingdom of Ireland tobacco for in order to be conveyed from thence into Great Britain, the exportation, colledor and comptroller, cr other chief officer of the customs, at such port or place where such tobacco (hall be laden, (hall, at and upon the clearing of every such (hip or vessel, by the proper officers of the customs appointed for that purpose, deliver to the matter, commander, or other person taking charge of any filch (hip or vessel, a manifest or content in writing, under his and their hands and feal of office, which (hall contain a true account of all the tobacco laden on board every such (hip or vessel, with the number of hoglhcads, casks, chests, or other package thereof, and the quantity of the tobacco contained in 'each particular hogthead, calk, chest, or other package, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package, with the care thereof; and also (hall, at and upon the clearing of every such (hip or vessel, as aforesaid, immediately transmit a duplicate of such manifest or content ta the respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain: Penalty on any colledor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuf 

neglect there toms, at any port or place in Ireland, who (hall neglect or reef. fuse to deliver to the matter, commander, or person taking 

charge of such (hip or vessel, such manifest or content as is hereinbefore directed, or who (hall not transmit a duplicate thereof, as hereby required, to the respective commissioners of the customs in Gteat Britain, (hall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as (hall sue or prosecute for the same, in any of his majesty’s courts erf ' record at ivejlminjler or Dublin. 

IV And 

1779.] Anno decimo nono georgii III C 36, 37. 243 

WAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every com that every matter, commander, or perlon taking charge of any manderofa (hip or vessel having such tobacco laden on board as aforesaid, port (hall, upon his arrival at his port of discharge in Great Britain, {j^ccosa^oii and at the time he makes his report of his (hip or vessel at the bit arrival at customhouse, deliver to the collector of the cuttoms at the said a briti(h port, port (who is hereby required and directed to deliver the same to deljyer t0uhc the land waiters appointed for the delivery of such (hip or vessel)) manifest or content of the lading of his (hip or vessel, content of his which he received from the colledtor, comptroller, or other lading which chief officer of the cuftpms, at the port or place in Ireland where received at he took in his lading: and if any matter, commander, or person taking charge of such (hip Or vessel, (hall neglect or refuse to de iand.s liver such manifest or content to the collector of the cuttoms, at pcnalty on the time he makes his report of his (hip or vessel at the custom neglect there house at the port of his discharge, he (hall forfeit and lose the of 

Turn of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Ma 

a, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to officer or officers of the cuttoms as (hall sue and prosecute for the same, in any of his majesty’s courts of record, at west minster, pr in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, where the offence (hall be committed. 

* V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Info tobacco said. That such tobacco (hall be imported into Great Britain in p1*1* not calks, chests, or cafes, each of which (hall contain four hundred g^tbritaift and fifty pounds weight of net tobacco at the least, and not in calks, C otherwise;; (hall be liable to the same duties, and entitled to containinglefii the same difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, and in all re lh^ni£5n?l fpedts subject to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, fecuri huble to the ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as tobacco the growth, 'product, same duties, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, drawback, cis liable, subject, and entitled to by law, in as full and ample ai tob*cco the manner, as if the said duties, difeounts, allowances, and draw backs, rules, regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties, and nie in am’f> forfeitures, "and the several clauses relative thereto, had beer) rica. particularly repeated and enacted in this present adt, 

9 A P. XXXVI 

An adt for erecting a market house, and regulating the markets, withr in the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfst; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the (beets, lanes, od othey public passages and place, within the said borough. 

CAP. XXXVII 

An act for granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hempy of the growth of the kingdom 0/* Ireland, for a limited time. 

WHEREAS the encouragement of the cultivation of hemp in p^tmb]e. 

the kingdom of Ireland, and the importation thereof from thence, will be a means of fumijbing this kingdom yjitb sail cloth and 

*3 

cjooqle 

Anno decimo nono georgh H C 37. 1779* 

cordage (To ejfentially nectjfary for thefupply of bis Majefifs royal navy as well as for Jbips employed in the merchants service) at more reasonable rates than at prefenty and will also tend to make the supply of the said materials cheaper and less precarious, and be a means of introducing trade, manufaflurey and industry, by employing ’ many of his Majefiys subjects within the said kingdom of Ireland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After June same. That, from and after the twenty.fourth day of June, one a, i77Q, the thousand seven hundred and feventyrnine, every perfoa or per rniums^o b.c.. ons w^^ul the time appointed by this a, import, 

paid on the or cause to be imported, into this kingdom, direflly from the importation of said kingdom of Ireland, in any (hip or (hips that may law irish hepapj fully trade thither, manned as hy law is required, any hemp wa tec rottjd, bright and clean, of the growth of Inland, (hall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for such importation, the following fum: (that is to lay) 

•videlicet t For the first fevei) years, S!. per tonne j 

for the next seven ycarp, 61 per tonne. 

and for the following seven years, 4i. per tonne 

For every tonne of such hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feventyr nine, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the sum of eight pounds fteriing: 

For every tonne of such hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, the sum of six pounds fteriing: 

And for every tonne of such hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred, the sum of four pounds fteriing: 

To, be paid upon demand to the importer of such hemp, by the collc&or of the port where the same (hall be imported, out of the customs; and in cafe the colledor of the port where the same (hall be imported (hall not have money sufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the commissioners of the customs, who (hall cause the same to be paid by the receiver-general of his majesty’s customs;; bounty of the hemp imported into England to be paid by the receiver rgeneral of the customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the receiver-general there. 

Commiffio II Andy to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to bis jier* of the Majefifs royal navy, anafor the better supply of the same with na the refufa?of wlfioresy be it further enacted. That, upon the importation of all such hemp. any such hemp from Ireland for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, the preemption or refusal of such hemp (hall be offered and tendered to the commissioners of his majesty*s navy upon landing the same; and if within the term of twenty days after such tender, the said commissioners (hall not contra 

or 

ljooq le 

245 

1779-] Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 37. or bargain for the same, it shah and may be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners, of the said hemp, otherwise to dispose of the same for his or their belt profit and advantage. 

III And, in order to intitk the importer of such hemp to the pre Importers of mium granted by this aft, and to prevent frauds by importing foreign hemp t0 pr hemp, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That chief officer all and every person or persons importing any such hemp into of thecultoms Great Britain, shall produce to the chief officer or officers of the at the port of customs, at the port of importation, a certificate or certificates, importation, a under the hands and feal of office of the colle&orand comptrol from col ler, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port in Ireland icaor, cat where such hemp (hall be put on board; certifying, that before the port of the departure of such (hip or vessel, (hips or vessels, the person or lading in ire persons, merchant, trader, or fadfor, loading the same, had made land 

oath before them, that the said hemp, fo (hipped on board, was truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of some place in Ireland; expressing in the said certificate the number, marks, and packages, of such hemp, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name of the place or places in Ireland where the said hemp grew and was produced, together with the name or names, place or places of abode, of such person or persons as shall have fwornthe hemp therein mentioned to be bona fide of the growth and produce of such place in Ireland, and where and to whom in Great Britain the same is consigned;; the master, or person having the charge or command of such Ship or vessel, Ships or vessels, importing such hemp, shall, on his arrival in this kingdom, also make oath before the colledor and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port of importation, that the several packages, fo marked and numbered, and the hemp contained therein, are the same packages and goods that were taken on board his said ship or vessel at the said port in Ireland, by virtue of the said certificate or certificates foto be produced as aforesaid; which said oaths the said officers herein be fore named are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer, 

IV And, that the officers of the customs may be the better able to Officers toexa 

difeover any frauds intended for receiving the aforesaid premium, be mine the hemp it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and bear they may be lawful for the said officers, and they are hereby reqviir ccr 

ed, before they make out any such certificate, to examine the 

said hemp, by opening each package, and shifting the same, in such manner as to see the whole contents, or by such other means as they shall think proper, to find out artd difeover whether the said hemp is water rotted, bright and clean, and free from any false mixture. 

V Provided always. That in cafe any doubt or dispute shall Difputesbe 

arise between the surveyors or officers of the customs and the twee farvey owners or importers of such hemp as’ is imported into the port of of 

London, as to the quality of the same, it shall and may be lawful hemp, how to 

R 4 for be fettled. 

Officer demanding any rewaid tor examining, 

C such hemp, (hall forfeit his of 

246 Anno derimo nono qeorgii III p.37.. f *779* 

for thje commissioners of his majesty’s customs to call two or tporc merchants, manufadlurers, or others, well (killed in the commodity, who (hall declare upon oath, if required, their opinion as to the quality of the same, and, according to the bettof their judgement determine whether the said hempjs entitled to the premium hereby granted, or not; and if any doubt or dispute (hall arise as to the quality of any hemp imported into any of the out ports in England, faniples thereof (hall be taken, and sent up to the commissioners of the customs in London, and into the out ports in Scotland, to the commiflioriers of the customs at Edinburgh, in such manner as the respective commissioners (hall direct, in order to be infpedt^d and adjudged there as before mentioned. 

VI And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid. That no fee, gratuity, or reward, (hall be demanded, taken, or received, by any officer of his majesty’s customs, for examining, viewing, or delivering, such hemp, with respect to the premium or reward allowed by this actor for the signing any of the cer 

-- ........- tificates in order to the receiving such premium or reward, or 

ce, aod 100i. fpr paying the same.. any fucb Qfficer demanding or taking such fee or reward (hall, for such offence, forfeit his office; and such officer (hail also be incapable of fervipg his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and (hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. 

Ex rters of YU And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, jhtfhhempfor tat any such hemp, of the growth or produce of Ireland, which apre (hall, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven mi “ml»a*been hundred and seventy nine? be exported from Great Britain, that paid (hall re jhen, ancj jn every such cafe, the person or persons fo exporting the same (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the colledlor of the customs at the port where the same (nail be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is by this adl allowed as a premium on all such hemp as he intends to expprt, over and above any duty the same is or may by law be subject tp pay at exportation by any adl: provided always, That the said colledlor or chief officer of the customs, upon receiving such premium from the exporter of such hemp, a; aforesaid, (hall charge himself with the money fo received, or with the said premium, and the commissioners of his majesty’s customs are to take particular care that the same be duly brought to the account of his Majesty by such colledlor chief officer a aforesaid. 

on penalty of VIII And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, jforteitingfuch That if any person or persons, their agents pr assigns, (hall be pemp, and found fraudulently to export such hemp without paying fuel) premium to the colledlor or chief officer of the customs in manner aforesaid, such person or persons (hall forfeit and lose all such hemp, and double the value thereof; one moiety whereof (hall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fueceffors, and the other moiety to the informer or prosecutor, to be prosecuted jn any of his majesty’s courts of record at jvcjlminjler, or in 

hp 

pay the Came (besides other duties) at the port of exportation; 

double the Value thereof. 

j779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 38, 39. 247 

the court of exchequer in &#//<ffw, refpe6tively, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

IX Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute (hall arise rn cafe of 

whether the hemp, or any part thereof, foto be exported, is of difpufe wbe the growth, product, or manufacture of Inland, or of foreign there the hemp growth, .product, or manufacture, the onus probandi (hall lie on duceofire the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or pro und, the onus fecutor; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with probandi to lie Handing. on the owner. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penaly on im if the mater or owner of any (hip or vessel (hall clandestinely porting fo import or receive in such (hip or vessel, to be imported into "|5nhhemp u Gnat Britain, any hemp, knowing the same to be foreign hemp, demand and (hall demand or receive for any such foreign hemp the re ingapre ward or premium hereby granted, such master or owner (hah mium for the forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and reco fame' vered in manner as aforesaid; and the (hip or vessel in which 

such foreign hemp (hall be fo fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited to the ring’s majesty, his heirs and successors. 

CAP. XXXVIII 

4n aft for altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland. 

WHEREAS the terms of Martinmas and Candlemas, as Preamble. 

they are at present kept, for the sitting of the court of exchequer in Scotland, have been found inconvenient: and whereas it would be more convenient for the July efts Scotland that the/aid terms were altered \ be it therefore enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Martinmas Martinmas term, for the said court of exchequer, (hall, at all times here term, in the after, begin on the twenty-fourth day of November, and end up chequer " on the twentieth day of December \ and that Candlemas term, for Scotland, to the said court, (hall, at all times hereafter, begin on the fifteenth begin Nov. *4* day oi Januaryy and end on the third day of February, except and end Dec. jmy of the said days, upon which the said terms are appointed to 2^termvo begin or end, (hall happen to be a Sunday, in which cafe the be begin Jan. 15. ginning or ending of such term in which that happens (hall be andendfeb.}. liporj the day following. 

CAP, XXXIX 

An adt for paving, repairing, cleanling, and lighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford and for removing and preventing ob$ruqions and annoyances therein. 

B 

Anno detimo nono Gbough III coi 779. 

, CAP. XL 

An all for better securing tie duties in fiartb. 

Preamble. 

WHEREAS, notwtbftaniing the many laws modi fm curing tbi revenues sin starch, and for protecting the fair 

After July 5, i779»no person, within the limits of the excise office in London (hail make entry of any workhouse for snaking starch, unless be (hall occupy a tenement of 10i. a year, and pay parifti rates; 

andnoperfon, in any other part of the 

(had make such entry, lintels he (hall pay to church and poor. 

Recital of an ad 10. Ann. 

rar fe 

_ trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and indigent persons, who are encouraged in fetch practises, not only from the great length of time allowed by these laws for the payment of the duties on starch, but alfofor want offeme further regulations in the manner of carrying on thefiarch making bujinefs; for remedy whereof, be it ers acted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person or persons whatsoever, redding within the limits of the head office of excise in London, (hall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place for the making of starch, as required by the ftatntes in that cafe already made and provided, unless such person or persons (hall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they (hall accordingly be assessed in their own name, and (haft also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons whatsoever, refi 1 ding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, (hall be permitted to make any such entry, unless such person or persons (hall be assessed and pay to church and poor, in the several parishes and places in which they (hah respectively reside; and that no entry of any workhouse or place for making of starch, already made or hereafter to be made as required by the statutes in that cafe made and provided, (hall be of any avail to any person or persons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons fo making entry (hah be qualified as aforesaid 5 and every person making starch, and not qualified as aforesaid, (hall, notwithstanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons making starch without entry, and (hall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making starch without entry are, by the statutes in such cafe made and provided, now fubjedhunto. 

II And whereas, by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty £)ueen Anne, (entitled, An a<51 for laying additional duties on hiifes and (kins, vellum and parchment, and new duties on starch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and silver wire, and policies of insurance, 'to secure a yearly fund for fatisfadbon of orders to the contributors of a further sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds towards her majesty’s supply; and for the better securing the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful lotteries, and other devices of the same kind; and concerning cake soap; and for relief of Mary Ravendll, in relation to an annuity of eighteen pounds per Annum, and concerning 

prize 

*49 

1779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III €.40. 

prize coconuts brought from America, and certain tickets which were intended to be fubferibed into the dock of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted ki this session of parliament;) it was, amongst other things enabled, That oil and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should mate any ft arch in London, Westminster, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, should monthly, and every month; and all and every person or persons whatsoever, who Should make any forth in any other part of Great Britain, Jbould9 once in every fisc weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next ojfke for the said duties, of all the Jlarcb by bm, her, or them, sever ally made within fetch month, or six weeks, respectively which entries were to be made in manner os is therein txprtf fed: and it was further enabled by the said aft. That oil and every person, who Should make any fear eh in London or Weftmmifler, or within the limits of the send weekly hills of mortality, Should, vfitbm four weeksand ail and every person whatsoever, who should make any larch in any other parts of Great Britain, Should, within six weeks, after be, fbe, or they, Should have made, or ought to have made, fetch entry os aforesaid, pay and dear off ah the said duties upon ftarcb, which Should be due from him, her, or them refpeftivdy; and that all and every such makers of forth, who Should rtfufe or neglect to make futb payment as aforesaid, Should forfeit and lojt, for every fitch of fence, double the Jum of the said duty: and whereas the allowance of fo long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make ftarcb, and have made entry of the far eh by them made, hut have negufted to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered hove obfeonded from their respective dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou Certain fand seven hundred and seventy nine, the above recited clauses, thc 

and every article, matter, and thing, therein contained, (hall be, ^*6. and are hereby repealed, and made null and void; save only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the (aid fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine j anything herein contained to the con ttary notwithstanding. 

III And be it further enaaed by the authority aforesaid. That, After jul from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun i779, itarch dred and eventy nine, all and every person whatsoever, who makers to (hall make any (larch, (hall, weekly and every week, make a raakc *ntne, » true entry in writing, at the next office for the duties on ftarcb, ^ickly/par of all the (larch by him, her, or them, severally made within ticulanfing each week, which said entries (hau contain the weight of all the quantity the (larch mentioned therein refpetftivriy, and what quantity at each thereof was made at each making ia that week, on pain to forma, n fck, for every negle^.tbt hun of fifty pounds which entries y 

(hall 5 

250 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.40j [ 1779.' 

(hall be made upon oath by the maker of fueh starch, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, according to the bell of their knowledge and belief, unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known quaker, and the solemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or servant, to the same effect, in cafe he or (he be a known quaker, (hall and may be taken indead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the same, (hal, for such darch as (hail be made within the limits of the chief office of excise in Londen be made with and adminidered by such officer or officers as (hall be appointed by the commissioners for the duties on starch in England, or the major part of them for the time being; and for all darch made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and supervisors of the district or division within whish the respective makers of darch (hall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same. Starch makers IV And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

to pay the That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who (hall 

duties within make any darch in Great Britain, (hall within one week after 

fhatirneofr or ^lcy» toall make, or ought to have made, such 

entry, entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for starch 

* (hall be due from him, her, or them, refpedlivejy; and 

and that all and every such maker of starch, who (hall refute or or forfeit neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, (hall forfeit and lose, 

double the for every such offence, double the sum of the laid duty whereof 

sum neglected t^c payment (hall be fo refused or neglected; and that no such 0 epal ’ makers of starch, after such default in payment made, (hall fell, deliver, or carry out, any starch, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such ftaren fo delivered or carried out. 

Provifb. V Provided always. That no maker of starch (hall be obliged 

to go or send further than the market town where his or her starch is made, or the next market town to the place where his or her starch is made, for the making such entries, or the payment of the said duties. 

Starchmakers VI Arid, for the better preventing the frauds frequently to give proper committed by diverse makers of starch, by emptying the vat or notice to ex vats made use of for making of starch in the absence of the bdfo^h™ cxc*fe officer, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, beghnoempty ^rotn anc ater day one thousand seven hundred 

their vats; 7 and seventy nine, every maker of starch, before he, (he, or they, do begin to empty or wah out any of the vat or vats, made use of by him, her, or them, in preparing or making of starch, he, (he, or they, (hall give to the officer of excise of the division or district where his, her, or their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such starch house (hall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; or if such starch house (hall be in any other part of Great Britain twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, (he, or they, intend to begin to empty or wah out such vat or vats; and in cafe such maker or makers of starch 

(hail 

1779’] Anno dedmo nono Georgii III C 40. 25 r 

shall not begin to empty or wash out the said vat or vats, at the hour and times mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after, then every such notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such maker and makers of starch (hall, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice in. manner aforesaid: : in cafe any such maker or makers of j? forfeiture starch (hall neglect or refuse to give such first notice before he °* i00'* begins to empty or wah out his, her, or their vat or vats, or tot insert in such notice the particulars herein before required, or to give a frc(h notice in manner aforesaid, before he begins to empty or wah oqt the vat or vats, in cafe he, (he, or they, (hall not begin and proceed to empty or wah out the said vat or vats at, the hour and time mentioned in the said first notice, or within two hours next afterward, such maker or makers of ft arch (hall, in every such cafe, for eyery such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. 

VII And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid, 

That when and fo soon as the said vat or vats (hall be fo empti thi waters * ed or waftied out, as aforesaid, and the waters (hall be put into shall remain in the frames, tubs, or other utensils, used for preparing and frames, 

making the same into starch, the said waters (hall remain un ^rbed for S moved and uodifturbed in the same frames, tubs, or utensils, hours. 4 for the space of forty-eight hours, at Jeaft, from the time of emptying and washing out the said vat or vats agreeable to the said notice, and that the dimes and wah (hall not, during the said space of forty eight hours, be taken off the fame: And that Starchmaker the officers for the duties upon starch may be able to afeertain *° Sive thc.of* when the said waters were fo put into the raid frames, tubs, or in writing utensils, after the said vat or vats have been emptied or wafted specifying the out, as aforesaid, every maker of starch (hall give, or cause to hour when by given, to the officer of excise under whose survey such maker ch vat was of starch (hall then be, a notice in writing, specifying therein cmpticd» the particular hour or time of the day when such maker of starch did fini(h the emptying or wafting out of each and every vat and vats j and if any maker or makers of starch shall, after the n forfeiture said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy of Ioo/’ nine, neglect to deliver such notice as last aforesaid, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every such ne^letft, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Starchmaken 

That whenever any maker or makers of starch (hall be desirous nouce'too^ to take off from the four waters the dimes or wah fo put into cert before the frames, tubs, or utensils, after the same (hall have been and they take off have remained unmoved and undisturbed for the space of forty lhc^lraei eight hours, as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, (hall give to the four waters; * officer of excise of the division or diftritf, where his, her, or 1 

their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such birch 

house (hall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such starch house (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice, of the particular time and and hour when and at which he intends to take off such (limes u and 

*5* 

Anno derimo nono Georoii IH. e.40. [1779. 

and wash; and in cafe Rich maker or makers of (larch (hall not begin and proceed to take off the (limes and wah as aforesaid at the time and hour mentioned in Rich notice, or within two hours next after, then every Rich notice rfiall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such maker and makers of (larch (hall be, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice, in on forfeiture z manner aforesaid; and in cafe any such maker or makers of (larch of tool (hall neglect to give such first notice before he begins to take off such (limes or wash, or to insert in Rich notice the particulars he rein before required, or to give a frefti notice, in manner aforesaid, before he begins to take off such dimes or wad), in cafe he, (he, or they, (hall not begin and proceed to take off such dimes and wadi at the hour and time mentioned in the said first notice, or within two hours next afterwards, such maker or makers of (larch (hall, in every such cafe, for every such offence, forfeit and tofe the sum of one hundred pounds. ythtn the IX And be it further cna<fted. That when the dimes (hall (lime are put be taken off, as aforesaid, and the same (hall be put into any &c°they (hall or tub§’ ** ot^cr utengu the feme (hall remain in the same 

remain there tub or tubs or other utensils, into which the feme (hall have *4 hours. been first put, for the space of twenty-four hours after the same (hall have been fo taken off; and if any maker or makers of (larch (hall move or disturb the waters after the same (hall have been (b emptied or waftied out of the vat or vats into any frame, tub, or utensil, or (hall take off the dimes or wall du starchmaker ring the space of forty eight hours, as aforesaid, or (hall move disturbing or disturb the (limes after the same (hall have been put into such that time, nff tuor tubs, or olllcr ul>tenfil, during the space of twenty-four e. (hall tor hows, as aforesaid, then, and in every such cafe, such maker feit 100/. and makers of (larch (hall, for every (tich offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hdndred pounds. 

Dutyon (larch X And, the better to prevent any frauds by the secreting cowtinpa, rd or concca*, ns ftareh, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, gauge*faken * "That in cafe any officer or officers for the said duties upon in the four (larch (hall at any time miss any quantity or quantities of (larch, 

water of which an account had been taken by gauge, whilst the ferae 

was in the four waters or dimes, respectively, and before the said (larch has been put into the boxes, and (hall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to charge the maker of such (larch according to the gauge taken of the same in the four waters or dimes, as aforesaid, refpeflively, and every such maker (hall pay the duty fo charged. 

Starchmtkcr* XI And, for the further securing the duty on (larch, be it to give notice further enatfted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after lore they*box ^ y ortc thousand seven hundred and 

their (larch, seventy nine, when any maker or makers of (larch (hall give particularif notice of his intention to box, as required by an at, made in ing the frame, tfoc fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the which it i™o Second, (entitled, An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise be boxed; 

1779*] Aano decimo nono Georgn III C 40. 253 

with refeeft to jkrcb, coffee tea and chocolate every such maker of starch (hall, in each such notice, express' and declare the particular frame, tub, or other utensil, from which he, (he, or they, intend to box any starch;; that when any such maker or makers of starch (hall begin to box such starch, they (hall proceed and continue to box the same until the whole quantity of starch in each such frame, tub, or other utensil, (hall be perfectly boxed; and if any maker or makers of starch (hall, at any time after the said fifth day of Jufy* one thousand seven hundred on and seventy nine, neglect to give notice of his intention to box of »ool. his green starch, or (hall neglect to insert in every such notice the particular frame, tub, or other utensil, from which the larch is intended to be boxed as aforesaid, or (hall not proceed or continue to box the whole quantity of starch in any such frame, tub, or other utensil, after such notice as aforesaid, every such maker or makers of starch (hall, in every such cafe, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, notwithstanding. 

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Starchmaker That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand t0 deliver to seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker of starch (hall de ^eferi rioiwrf liver to the officer who surveys his or their starch house an ac every room, count, in writing, containing as well an exaeft description of C by him’ each and every room and place, by him, her, or them, made used for make use of for the making, drying, or keeping of starch, as also of (larch, each and every vefiel or utensil by him, her, or them, made use 

of for the making of starch, before he, (he, or they, presume to... A lf. use the same; all which said rooms and places, vessels and utensils, (hall be marked and numbered by, or by the direction numbered; of, the rcfpe&ive surveyors or supervisors of excise who (urvejr the refpeftivc makers of starch, to whom such rooms and places, vessels and utensils, refpeitivdy belong, at the expense of such respective makers; and if any such maker of starch (hall make on forfeiture use of any room or place, veftel or utensil, for the making of f L starch, without giving such account as aforesaid, or before the same (hall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid, or (hall refuse to pay for the marking and numbering the same, he, 

(he, or they (hall, for every such offence rcfpe&ively, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty poupds. 

XIII And be it further enacted. That, from and; er the when starch 

fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, makers break whenever any maker or makers of starch (hall have broken the jny pieces of starch from his, her, or their boxes, he, (he, or they, (hall boxes deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the officer of excise under t|)cy a whole survey fitch maker of starch (hall then be, an account in liver a parti writing, of the true number of pieces broken from such box, cular account diftingiiiftijng, in such writing, the fixe of the different pieces, .t0 the under the different denominations following; that is to say, 0 ' 

large, middling, and small, and how many pieces of each de nominatibnare contained in each breaking from the boxes: and on forfeiture in cafe any such maker of starch (hall ncglcd to deliver to such of sooa 

officer 

L ooqle 

25 4 

When starch is put into the stove for drying, the pieces to be fo placed that the officers may be able to count them. 

Starchmakers to provide ladders, and assist the officers in taking account of the pieces of starch; 

and to do nothing to obstruct them therein; 

on forfeiture of 100/. 

Starchmaker to rive proper nonce to officer before he 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.40. [177$* 

officer fiich account, in writing, distinguishing therein as aforesaid;; if, after such account given in as aforesaid, any officer of excise (hall discover, in any place whatsoever, entered or not entered, any increase in the number of pieces, or a greater number of the large or midling pieces than were particularly specified in such writing, then, and in every such cafe, every such maker and makers of (larch (hall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds. 

XIV And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, whenever any maker or makers of (larch (hall put their (larch when feraped, or when put into the papers, into the (love or (loves for drying the same, every such maker of (larch (hall place, or cause to be placed, the several pieces of (larch fo put into such (love or stoves, in such manner as that the officers of excise may have access to, and be able to count distinctly the number of the several pieces of (larch fo put into such (love or stoves. 

XV And, that such officers of excise may, without inconvenience or hurt, be able to count the said pieces in such stove or stoves, it is hereby enabled, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker of (larch (hall provide proper ladders, and (hall assist the said officers in taking an account of the (aid several pieces of starch in such stove or stoves;; that no maker or makers of starch (hall, by himself, or by any other person, during the space of two hours after such officer (hall have entered the stove of any such larch maker, for the purpose of counting the number of pieces of (larch then in such (love, stir or break up the fire under the said stove, nor (hall, during the said space of two hours, whilst such officer remains in such (love, throw, or cause to be thrown, upon the pan of such stove, any dirt, meal, or other ingredient, whereby a fmoafc may be raised, or the officer hindered or obstructed in counting the pieces of starch in the said dove: and if any such maker or makers of starch (hall not fo place the several pieces of starch in their respective stove or (loves as aforesaid, as that the officers of excise may diftindily count the same; or if such maker or makers of starch (hall not provide proper ladders, or (hall not assist the said officers in taking the account as aforesaid;; (hall by stirring up the fire, or by any means whatsoever, hinder or obstruct the officers of excise from going into, and continuing in the said stove or doves, during the space of two hours, as aforesaid, or until such officer (hall have taken the account of all the said pieces, if the same (hall be done within the said space of two hours 5 then, and in every such cafe, the person offending therein (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and.lofe the sum of two hundred pounds. 

XVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand feveo hundred and seventy niae, when any maker or makers 

of 

ij79.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0, 46; 25^ 

of (larch (hall be desirous to break down any piece or pieces of break down (larch into scrapings, or otherwise, he, (he, or they, (hall give ny P, ?cc‘ °* to the officer of excise of the division or district where his, her, 

Qr their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such P S starch house (hall be situate within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; or if such starch house (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, (he, or they intend to break down such pieces of (larch into scrapings, or otherwise; and in cafe such maker or makers of (larch (hall not begin and proceed to break down such pieces of (larch as aforesaid, at the time and hour mentioned in such notice, or within two hour next after, then every such notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, void; and every such maker and makers of starch (hall be, and is and are hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice in manner aforesaid: and in cafe any such faaker' or on forfeiture makers of starch (hall neglect to give such first notice, before °*, 00^ he, (he, or they, begin to break down such pieces of starch, or to insert in such notice the particulars herein before required; or to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, every such maker of starch (hall, in every (uch cafe, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. 

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If officer (Sal! 

That, from and after the said fifth aay of July one thousand find, drying seven hundred and seventy nine, if any officer for the duties on In the stove, (larch (hall difeover and find, in the stove of (loves of any maker °* 

of starch, any piece or pieces of starch drying in such (love or which naac (loves, of which no account had been before taken in the box count had Or boxes, by the officer for the duties on starch, then, and in ^enj.akcilin* every such cafe, each and every such piece and pieces of starch Inakwfiiall (hall be deemed, and is and are hereby declared to be, starch forfeit ioo of which no account had been taken by the officer for the said 

duties upon starch;; the maker or makers of such starch, in whose stove such piece or pieces (hall bedo difeovered and found, (hall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds. 

XVIII And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid, Starchmikef 

That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven thea 

hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch (hall, at any 0f 

time whilst his starch is in operation, and under water, mix, makings, or cause to be mixed, any of thfc starch waters of ohe making while hisftareh with those of another making, every such maker of starch (hall }*u"<je'jt.atcrs forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred ^qao / ^cept pounds, except such mixing be made in the presence of an it be done m officer for the duties on starch. presence of aid 

XIX And whereat fraudulent jlarch makers have, in many in officer fiances, been rather encouraged in carrying on their frauds, by reajon fj^ovin3 anv of the smallness of the penalties already provided in these cafes; now, starch? after ^ for the more effectual preventing the Uke frauds, be it further en it is dried, out dfied by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the said fifth day of of his stove, July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, any maker ^eighin^ancl 

V oy'xxxu. S ofanwcount 

»56 

thereof taken by officers, shall forfeit moot 

and concealing Itarch, with intent to defraud his Majesty, (hall forfeit 100/. 

Starch maker obstructing officer in performing his duty, to forfeit 50/. 

Penalties and forfeitures how td be recovered and applied. 

General issue' 

'\ 

costs. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.40. [ 1779. 

of starch (hall remove, or cause to be removed, any quantity whatsoever of starch, after the same (hall be dried, out of his, her, or their (love or stoves, or out of any other place or places, made use of by them for the drying of starch, before the same has been weighed, and an account takfen thereof, by the proper officer appointed for that purpose, he, (he, or they, (hall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch (hall fraudulently hide or conceal, or (hall cause or suffer to be hid or concealed, any starch, to the intent to deceive his Majesty of the just duties chargeable on the same, that then, and in every such cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, notwithstanding. 

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch (hall obstruct or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon starch, in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other aft, for the afeertaining and securing the duties upon starch, theperfon or persons offending therein (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds. 

AXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this aft, (hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or sue for the same. 

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (hall, at any time of times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in pursuance or by colour of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, such person and persons (hall and may plead the general issue, and give this aft, and the special matter, in evidence in his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonsuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement (hall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, than such defendants (hall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. 

CAP. 

* 

S 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III C 41-43.' 

CAP. XLL 

An act for granting a drawback of the duties, impofei by an act of the kftfeffton of parliament, upon allforeign wines exported from Great Britain to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any British settlement in the East Indies. 

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the eighteenth Preamble.' 

year of his Majejlfs reign, entitled, Ati a 61 for granting to Recital of an his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar aft iggco.3. imported into this kingdom,) it was, amongjl other things, provided and enacted, That, upon the exportation of any sort of wines (except French wines) from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America as merchandise, the exporter should be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation effuch wine by virtue of the said recited aft, except the sum of three pounds, thirteen billings, and sixpence per tonne: And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the exportation of wines from this kingdom to the British colonies or plantations in America, and to the British settlements in the East Indies, it is expedient to allow. the drawback of all the duties granted by the said recited aft upon the exportation of all foreign wines fo exported to those places; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day A drawback of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon of all the du the exportation of any French wine, or any other foreign wines, tles *ajd» hv from this kingdom, to anv British colony or plantation in Ame on the impor nvtf, or to any British settlement in the East Indies, as merchan tation of fo dize, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the reign wines duties before mentioned, which were paid upon the importation jb*u be allow of such wine by virtue of the said herein before recited aft of ^ Marion parliament, made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign; thereofto anything in the laid aft to the contrary notwithstanding: which America, or drawback or allowance (hall be made in such manner, and un the East der such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, indlcf* in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such wine, was, could, or might be made, before the palling of this aft. 

CAP. XLII 

An act to enable the trustees for putting in execution an act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge at wor ceherover the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the laid bridge, to finish and complete the said bridge, and to carry the purposes of the said act into execution. 

CAP. XLIII 

An act for the more easy and fpeedv recovery of small debts within the foake of Horrcaftte, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parish of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth, 

Eske, Ludborougb, and Calceworth, and the parishes of Wrangle, 

Leak, Levcrton, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fifhtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln, 

S 2 CAP. 

45$ 

V 

Preamble! reciting the toleration aft t Gul. & Mar. 

Protestant dissenting ministers, who (hall take the oaths and fubferibe the declaration against popery required by the said aft, and (hall also make and fubferibe the following declaration, 

shall be entitled to all the privileges granted by the toleration aft, and by an act 10 Ann. for confirming the lame, see. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.44? [1779# 

CAP. XLIV 

An act for the further relief of protejlant dijfenting minifieri and fchoolmajiers. 

WHEREAS, by an act made in the fir ft year of the reign f king William and queen Mary, (entitled. An act for exempting their Majesties protestant hibjefts, ' dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws,) persons dijfenting from the church of England, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, and preachers or teachers of any congregation of dijfenting protejlant s, are required, in order to be entitled to certain exemptions, benefits, privileges, and advantages, to declare their approbation of, and to subscribe, the articles of religion mentioned in the Jlatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elifabdth, (except as in the said aft, mode in the fir ft year of the reign of' King William and Queen Mary, is excepted:) and whereas many suck persons scruple to declare their approbation of, and to. fubferibe, the said articles not excepted as qforefaid: forgiving rate to such scrupulous persons in the exercise of religion, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; 'and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by ttye authority of the same, That every person dissenting from the church of England in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, being a preacher or teacher of any congregation of dissenting protestants, who, if he scruple to declare and fubferibe as aforesaid, (hall take the oaths, and make and fubferibe the declaration against popery, required by the said aft, in the first year of the reign of King [Villiam and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and fubferibed by protestant dissenting ministers, and (hall also make and fubferibe a declaration in the words following \ videlicet, 

T A. B. do fotemnly declare, in the presence of almighty God, that / ** am a chrijlian and protestant, and as such, that I believe that the feriptures of the old ana new tefiament, as commonly received among protejlant churches, do contain the revealed will of Godi and, that 1 do receive the same as the rule of my doctrine and pra ft ice. 

(hall be, and every such person is hereby declared to be, entitled to all the exemptions, benefits, privileges and advantages, granted to protestant dissenting ministers by the said aft, made in the first year of the reign of King fvilliam and Queen Mary; and by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for preserving the protejlant religion, by better jeeuring the church England, as by law eftabiijhedi and for confirming the toleration granted to protestant dijfcnters by an act, in tituled, An act for exempting their Majesties protestant subjects, 

dif 

*59 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 44i 

dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws; and for supplying the defects thereof; and for the further securing the protejlant fucceffm, by requiring the praftifers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths and fubferibe the declaration therein mentioned;) and the justices of the peace at the general session of the peace to be held for the county or place where any protestant dissenting minister (hall live, are hereby required to tender and administer the said last mentioned declaration to such minister, upon his offering himself to make and fubferibe the same, and thereof to keep a register; and such minister (half not give or pay, asa see or reward to any officer or officers belonging to the court aforesaid, above the sum of sixpence for his or their entry of such mininfter’s making and fubferibing the said laftrmentioned declaration, and taking the oaths, and making and fubferibing the declaration aeainft popery, required by the said adt, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and fubferibed by protestant dissenting ministers j nor above the sum of sixpence for any certificate thereof to be made out and signed by the officer or officers of the said court; and every such per,, fon, qualifying himself as aforesaid, (hall be exempted from f*om?erring serving in the militia of this kingdom; and (hall also be ex n themilitia, empted from any imprisonment, or other puniftiment, by vir and from any tue of an adt, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the punifhipentby Teign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An oft for the uni jjftof uni formity qf publics prayers, and a immigration offacraments, and other formity, C rites and ceremonies; and for ejiabli/hing the form of moling, ordaining, and consecrating, bijbops, priefs, and deacons, in the church i/*engl?nd; or by an at made in the fifteenth year of the same reign, entitled. An act for relief of such persons as by ficlnefs, or other impediment, were disabled from fubferibing the declaration in the act of uniformity, and explanation of part of the said aft; for preaching or officiating in any congregation of protestant dissenters, for the exercifp of religion permitted and allowed by law. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Diflcnterf, That po dissenting minister, nor any other protestant dissenting qualifying from the church of England, who (hall take the aforesaid oaths, 

and make and fubferibe the abovementioned declaration against low^vto'in" popery, and the declaration herein before mentioned, (hall be ftru6tyouth, prosecuted in any court whatsoever, for teaching and instructing youth as a tutor or schoolmaster; any am or statute to the contrary notwithstanding, 

III Provided always, That nothing in this contained (hall Nodiflenter extend, or be construed to extend, to the enabling of any per to hold the ion dissenting from the church of England to obtain or hold the maftcrfojpof mastership of any college or fch&ol of royal foundation, or of fchoofof** r any other endowed college or school for the education of youth, royal foun unless the same (hall have been founded since the first year of dation, C the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, 

for the immediate use and benefit of protestant dissenters. 

IV And whereas it hath been doubted whether the said aft, made The faidaa 

s3 in 1 Gul mar. 

iso 

and this aft, to be deemed public afts. 

Preamble. 

Recital of two J tx and 23 Ca 2; 

and of an act 1 Ann. 

Anno decimo none Georgii III c.45. [1779. 

in the first year of the reign of King William and £>ueen Mary, be a public or private aft; be it enacted and declared. That thefaid aft, and also this present aft, (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be public afts; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justice and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading them, or either of them. 

CAP. XLV 

An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rente, and other rents, and to enfranebife copyhold and customary tenements, within ttyir survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of thefaid duchy. 

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, faffed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the second, entitled, An act for advancing the sale of fee-farm rent and other rents yand by anothor aft, passed in the twenty second and twenty-third years of the same king, entitled, An act for vesting certain fee-farm rents, and other finall rents, in trustees; or one of them, all the fee farm rents, rentsferuicey rents feck or dry rentsy chantry rents, guild rents, castle guard rents, and other rents, within the survey of the duchy of Lancaster, due and payable to the said late King, bis heirs and successors, except as therein mentioned) were vested in certain trustees, and their heirs, with powers for them to make sale thereoffor the benefit of the said King, his heirs and successors, with a provtfo therein contained, that until sale Should be made of the said rents by the said trustees, the King's receivers Should colie ft and receive the same; and whereas, by an act of the fir ft year of the reign of her late majesty jqueen Anne, entitled, An act for the better support of her majesty’s household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, fivers wholesome provisions were made for the preservation, improvement, and wereafe of the land revenues of the crown, and for preventing the alienation of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, woods, or other hereditaments, belonging to her said late Majesty, her heirs or successors, with a proviso therein contained, that the said act Should not disable the trustees for sale offee farm and other rents, to execute any the trusts of the said several afts of parliament herein before mentioned: and whereas jeve ral of the fajd rents within the survey of the said dueby of Lancaster were sold under the said authority fo given to the said trustees, but the refedue thereof, conjifung sf many small rents, arising and payable in diverse counties, remain unsold, the coliefting and payment whereof is not only chargeable to the crown, but is troublesome and inconvenient to the subject; but forafmucb as the said trustees, who were six in number, are all long fence dead, and it has not been difeovered which of them was the survivor, or who is or are the heir or heirs of fetch survivor, or in whom the legal estate in the said unfold rents is now vested, for which reasons no complete sale thereof can be effected, nor a good title tnade theretox without the further aid of parliament: And whereas the Kings majesty is fetfed to himself, his heirs and successors as parcel of the pojfejfms of the said duchy Lancaster, of diverse honours, manor ± 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono georgii III c.45. 261 

norsy and lordjhips, within which are diverse tenants holding of his afa jefiy cujlomary or copyhold mejfuages, lands, and tenements, parcel of the said honours, manors, or lordjbipsy in respect of which said mejfu 6ges% lands, tenements, /fotenants are fubjefty upon descent 

or alienation thereof to the payment of fines, for arbitrary or certain, beriots, reliefs, other duesy according to the respective cujloms of f 

the said honours, manors, r lordjhipsy over and besides the yearly quit rents ijfuing and payable thereout: and whereas it would tend greatly to the relief of the said tenants and to the improvement of their ref pettive efatesy if the same could be enfranchtfed and discharged from the said burdens incident to their refpefliye tenures; but the same can toot be done without the aid of parliament: Be it therefore enabled by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said several recited als of the twen Part of the ty second year of the reign of King Charles the second, and the reci^^ twenty second and twenty-third years of the reign of the same p0*1*1 king, as relates to or concerns any fee*farm rents, or other rents whatsoever, refraining unfold by the said trustees, and now in the surveyor receipt of the duchy of Lancajler9 or the officers thereof, or to the appropriation of the money to arise by any safe or sales thereof; and also so much of the said recited adt of the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne as relates to or concerns any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within or parcel of the honours, manors, or lordships of the said duchy of Lancajler9 now held by copy of court roll, or being of the nature of copyhold or of customary tenure, or to any fines payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon descent or alienation of the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

II And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid. That fee-farm all and Angular the said fee-farm rents, and other rents, what rents, C soever, remainingunfold by the said trustees as aforesaid, and r«m«ningun* now in the surveyor receipt of the said duchy, or the officers 

thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, in the be in thepof actual seisin and pofteffion of our sovereign lord the King, his session of his heirs and successors, as parcel of the pofteffions of his said duchy Majesty See. of Lancajler9 in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said recited adls had not been made. 

III And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be law chancellor full to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler and council fdr the time being, to sell and dispose, and thereupon to grant of the duchy and allure, in the name of the king’s frajefty, his heirs and fuc fmrowered to ceffofs, under feal of the said duchy, unto or to the use of the feu the said refpeflive purchasers of the said rents, and to their heirs for fee-farm ever, all and Angular fee-farm rents, rents service, rents feck or r«nt»»&c dry rents, quit rents, chantry rents, guild rents, and other rents, 

due and payable to the king’s majesty, as parcel of the possessions of his said duchy, and now being within the survey and receipt of the said duchy, and the officers of the same, at and for fuchs 

4 con 

2 6l 

but not for left than 15 years pur phase. 

Owner of the lands where out the rents are payable to be preferred in the pure hale hereof. 

Form of grants. 

Anno decimo nono georgii III €.45, [1779, 

confederations in money as the said chancellor and cbuncil shall think sir, not being less than after the rate of twenty-five years pijrchafe of the gross amount of any such rent or rents; and that the several grants and assurances of any such rent or rents, to be fo made under the feal aforesaid, being enrolled in the court of the duchy chamber of Lancajlery within twelve calendar months next after the respective dates thereof, (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, unto the respective grantees and their heirs, and that all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, his and their heirs, successors, and assigns, having and taking any such grant or assurance, and causing the same to be enrolled as aforesaid, (hall, by force and virtue of this aft, be adjudged to be in the actual seisin and possession of the rent or rents fo purchased and conveyed, and (hall hold and enjoy the same in perfect peace, freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or by any person or perr fons claiming any estate, right, or interred, by, from, or under, the said trustees, or the survivor of them, and of and from all manner of encumbrances whatsoever, heretofore had or charged upon the same rent, and as fully and amply as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said trustees, or the survivor of them, or his heirs, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy, under their said respective purchases, .all and every the benefits and advantages for the recovery thereof, and the arrears thereof, as are or were given or allowed to purchasers of any rent or rents in and by the said act of the twenty fecood year of King Charles the second, and by the (aid other aft of the twenty second and twenty-third years of the same King, and in as large and ample manner and form as if such purchasers had purchased the said rents under the trustees appointed or authorised in and by, or under and by virtue of the powers contained in the said afts, or either of them. 

IV Provided always, and be it enacted. That the immediate owner of the lands and hereditaments whereout any of the said rents are due, payable, or issuing, (hall be preferred in the purchase thereof respectively before any other, fo as such immediate owner (hall pay and discharge all arrears of rent due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in person, or by his or her agent, to the (aid chancellor and council, to contrast for the purchase thereof, and (hall perfect his or her contrast, and pay the purchase money into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the sixth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at such rate as (hall be agreed upon, not being less than twenty-five years purchase, as aforesaid. 

V And be it further enacted, That all such grants and assurances (hall and may be made in the following form of words, as or nearly thereto as may be; (that is to lay,) 

GEORGE 

17^9-1 a11110 dedno nono Georgii III C 45. '9.63 

GEORGE the third, by tbi grace of God, y Great Britain, 

France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, amf fo forth \ 

To all to whom theft present letters ball come, greeting; know ye, that we, in consideration of the sum of of 

lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancaster (as appears by the receipt of the said receiver-general endorsed on these presents)) by and with the advise and consent of our chancellor and council of our said duchy, do by these presents grant, bargain, and fell, unto A. B. his heirs and ajftgns, all that rent of [expressing the rent 

or rents, ] ijfuing and payable out of [briefly describing 

the lands or tenements chargeable] now or late paid or payable by [mentioning the person or persons, as the cafe may 

be; ] To, have and to hold the said rent for rents] hereby bargained and sold, and all benefits and advantages thereunto belonging, unto and to the use of the said A. B. his heirs and affgns, for ever; [In cafe there be any fubflfling lease of the rent or rents fold, words to the following effe<st are to be added, ] subject nevertheless to the term and interejl in the said rent or rents now out(landing, by virtue of a lease, granted under the feal of our said duchy, bearing date on or about [expressing the date, ] unto [expressing 

the lessee] ] a term of [as the cafe may be, ] which 

will expire on or about [expressing the time when the 

lease will expire. 

Jn witness whereof, C 

VI And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful Chancellor to and for the said chancellor and council to treat and cbntraft, on and council the part of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with any person ?f the duchy or persons, holding any messuages, lands, tenements, and here t0 

ditaments, by copy of court roll, or being of the nature of copy lands, tene hold, or of customary tenure, or for which any fine is payable ments, C to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on defeent or alienation, which are within and parcel of any of the honours, manors, or lordfhipsof the said duchy of Lancajlcr, for the enfranchisement thereof, and for discharging the same, and all and every the present and future owners and tenants thereof, and their heirs, from the payment of all customary fines, sines of ingress, and other fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, to which, by the reipe&ive customs of such honours, manors, or lord (hips, they are now or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable, at and for such prices and considerations in money to be paid for the same, and upon such terms and conditions as (hall be agreed upon by and between the said chancellor and council, and the person or persons holding such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and thereupon to convey' and assure such refpetftive messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the name of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, under the feal of the said duchy, to such person or persons, and their heirs refpeduvely, to be held to such person or persons, and their heirs refpc&ively, for ever, as 

of 

26+ Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 45. f 1779. 

of the honour or manor whereof they are parcel, in free and common soccage, freed and discharged from all fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, ond other customary dues and payments, suits and services, whatsoever; and that the deeds for conveying and assuring the same (hall be made in the following form of Words, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to say,) 

Term of EORGE the thirds by the grace of God of Great Britain, 

deeds of France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faiths and fo 

conveyance, prt^. cfq tq w^om these our present letters Shall come, greeting: 

\ * know ye, that we, in confederation of the sum of ef 

lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancaster, by A. B. one of our copyhold or cufeomary tenants of the [as the cafe may 

be, ] as appears by the receipt of our said receiver-general, endorsed on these prejents, and by and with the advice and consent of our chan• eellor and council of our said duchy, do hereby release and confirm unto the faid'a. B. and his heirs, for ever, all that [deferibing 

the premises] ] have and to hold the premises hereby released, with their appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said A. B. ana his heirs, for every to be holiden of the honour or manor of which the same is or are parcel, in free ana common soccage, freed and discharged of end from all and all manner of fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, suits, services, and cuflortts whatsoever, to * which the same, or any part thereof, are now jttbjer, and to be and 

continue as freehold lands; [and in cafe there be any subsisting lease of the said fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, dues, payments, or customs, words to the following eflfedt are to be added] fubjett nevertheless to the payment of the usual and accufeomed fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues, [or as the cafe may be, ] during the term and intend now outftanaing by virtue of a lease thereof granted under the Jeal of the said duchy, bearing date on or about [expressing the date, ] unto C D .for a term [as 

the cafe may be, ] which will expire on [expressing the 

time when the subsisting lease will expire.] In witness, C 

The aforesaid VII And be it further enacted, That the said several and re grants, C fpeflive grants, conveyances, and assurances, in the respective of theduchcal ^orms aforesaid, under the feal of the said duchy, (hall be good, to bevsdid m Efficient, valid, and effectual in the law, for granting and aflur law. ing the said rents unto the several purchasers thereof, and their 

heirs for ever, and also for conveying and assuring the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein respectively to be comprised, enfranchised, and discharged, unto and to the use of the several and respective persons^herein to be named, and their heirs for ever; anything contained in the said recited adt of the first year of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that the inrollment of the' said grants, conveyances, and assurances, in the court of duchy chamber of lan cajler, (hall be of the same force and validity as inrollments of bargains and sales in any of the four courts at jvejlminfier. 

i VIII Provided 

1779*1 Anno decimo none Georgji III c.45. 265 

VIII Provided always, That where any lease of any of the proviso relat aforesaid rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, or other customary dues or ing to fucti payments, hath been granted under the feal of the laid duchy rents, fines, for any term now subsisting, that then, and in every such cafe, no^^der the said grants, conveyances, and aflitrances, sofar as the same ieafe. relate to or concern any of the hereditaments comprised in such 

lease, (hall commence and take effect only upon or from the expiration or determination of such lease respectively; and that such an abatement (hail be made in the purchase money for the hereditaments foin lease, as (hall be agreed upon between the said chancellor and council, and the respective purchasers or persons therein respectively named; and that the person or persons entitled to the benefit of foch lease, (hall and may have and take all such remedies in the law, for recovering and enforcing the payment of the several and respective rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, and other customary dues and payments, during the continuance of such lease, as he, (he, or they would, could, or might have had or taken in cafe this a had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

IX And whereas it may be convenient to persons who are feifei of Tenants for tepybold lands and ejlates, [being within and parcel of the honours, lifeofcopy 

> manors, or lordjhips, of the said duchy d/*lancafter,) as tenants for 

life only, to have thefame enfrnnehifed, be it therefore enacted by chafrentnui the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for all chifement such tenants for life, who are or (hall be seized of any such thereof copyhold lands and estates as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to contract and agree with the said chancellor and council for the enfranchisement, and for the purchase of timber thereon for difeharging the said copyhold lands and estates from the payment of all customary fines, sines of ingress, and other fines, ' heriots, reliefs, quit remits, and other dues and payments, to which, by the refpedtrve customs of such honours, manors, or lordships, the same are now, or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable to, and to pay to the said chancellor and council such price or consideration as (hall be agreed on for the fame: and after any such messuages, lands, tenements, or char3l hereditaments, (hall be fo enfranchised and discharged from such ukh the pay fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforesaid, it ihah and may met of the be lawful for the refpecsive owners and proprietors thereof, being said purchase tenants for life as aforesaid, to charge such copyhold lands and money estates with the payment of the money to be paid for the enfranchisement thereoy, and for difeharging the same from such fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforesaid; and for securing the repayment of such money, with interest, by deed or deeds, writing or writings, under their respective hands and seals, to be duly executed by them, and attested by two or more credible witnelfes, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the lands and estates fo charged as aforesaid, unto such person or jterfons as (hall advance and lend the same respectively, for any term or number of years, fo as such grant, mort gauge, reafe, or demise, be made with a proviso or condition to 

cease 

ljooqic 

jt 

266 

Grants, C where the consideration (hall not exceed iol. not fubjcft to damp duty. 

Enfranchised premises to remain subject to entails, settlements, C 

Grants to be made at the expense of the grantees. Officers fees. 

Anno dedmo nono Georgii III c.45. [1779* 

ceafc and be void, or with an express trud to be surrendered, when the money thereby to be secured, with the interred thereof, (hall be fully paid and satisfied; and also with a covenant, that such refpedfcivc tenants for life shall pay and keep down the intered of the money to be thereby respectively secured during their respective lives, in such manner that no person afterwards coming into pofteffion of any such lands and estates, (hall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger arrear of intered than for one year preceding the time when the title to such poffefllon shall accrue and commence; and every such grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, foto be made as aforesaid, (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, for the purposes thereby intended, notwithdanding any settlement, will, trud, use, remainder, limitation, or other encumbrance, of and concerning the same lands and edates, or any part or parts thereof, then in being or capable of taking effect, 

X And be it further enacted, That where the money to be paid as the consideration for any such grant, conveyance, or assurance, and shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, such grants, conveyances, and afturances, under the feal of the said duchy, mail be subject to no damp duty for the same; and where the consideration money to be paid shall exceed ten pounds, that the said grants, conveyances, and afturances, (hall be subject only to such damp duty as is or are, or hereafter may be by law requisite for any deeds, whereby lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are conveyed. 

XI Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and singular the premises to be enfranchised and discharged as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this adt, shall, from and after the conveyance and aflfurance thereof respectively, remain, inure, continue, and be subject and liable to all such entails, wills, settlements, mortgages, leases, judgements, uses, truds, limitations, remainders, reversions, and all other encumbrances, as the same premises now are, or at the time of the making such conveyances and afturances thereof shall or may be subject and liable to, in as large and ample manner and form as if this adt had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithdanding. 

XII And be it further enacted, That the grants and assurances to be made under the feal aforesaid by virtue of this adt, shall be sued forth and enrolled in manner herein before directed, at the expense of the respective grantees therein to be named; and that the several sees hereafter mentioned, and no more, shall be charged for the same by the officers of the said duchy; (that is to say) 

Fo? 

M - ' 

1779*] Anno decimo nano Georgii III C 45. 

267 

For grants of rents. 

To the register, for drawing and entering 1 the order for every cotftradl - -3 

To the auditor, for the particular and certificate for the grant -- -- - 3 

To the clerk of the council, for drawing,) ingroffing, and inrolling the grant - 3 

For parchment 1 s. (or its real cost, if exceeding is. besides the stamp duty, any required) - 

To the fealer, for the feal and wax 

For the grant per every ad of a angle 

ex 1 

h ifj 

/. S. d. 

050 

050 o 10 o 

010 

040 

ditional rent in the Dune 

grant. For grants of 

/. d. reat “

010 

030 

050. 

000 

010 

Total of fees for grant of a Angle rent 

J L 

And for every additional rent contained in the same grant - - 5 

For alfurances for the enfranchifemcnt of copyhold or customary tenements. 

For enfranchisement. 

The whole charge, when the deteripti on of the parcel do not exceed sixty word. 

To the register, for drawing and entering) the order for every contract - - 3 0 

To the auditor, for the particular and cer ' ficate - 

To the clerk of the council, for drawing, 3 ingroffing, and inrolling the assurance J 

For parchment is. (or its real cost, if exceeding i s. besides the stamp duty; any required) - 

To the fealer, for the feal and wax - - 

/• I dm 

5 o 

o 50 o 10 o 

0x0 

040 

The further charge for every thirty words in excess, where the deferip. tioas of the parcel necessarily exceed sixty words. 

/. s. d. 

010 

0 10 0 10 

000 

000 

Total for every assurance, where the de 1 

feriptionsr of the parcels do not exceed > i 50 sixty words -) 

Total for every thirty words in excess, where the! deferiptions of the parcels exceed sixty words - I 

030 

Digitizi 

268 Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0.45; [177$* 

Moneys to XIII And be it further enacted, That all the moneys toarife 

o?rent*for ^ ^ rents or le cnfranchifement and dif 

^7nfran° r charging of any copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tene chifement, to ments, or hereditaments, under and by virtue of this adt, (hall be paid to the be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues recntcr gene Qf ^ duchy of Lantajler for the time being, and his successors;; **** that the purchasers (hall not bfe liable to see to the application 

thereof, but that the receipts and acquittances of the said receiver-general for the said moneys, (hall be a full discharge to and laid out the purchasers for the same; and the said moneys (hall from time in the pur to time, as the same (hall be paid in and received, be laid our, in thvname^ y the or(*er l^c ^ c^lncc^or ant council, in the purchase of the dlichy of three per centum bank consolidated annuities, or in any of oflancaiten the publkk funds, transferable at the bank of England, in the name of the duchy of Lancajler; in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the said annuities, funds, or (lock, fo purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy for the time being, who is hereby required to accept the same accordingly 5 and that all and every the annuities, fund, or (lock, to be fo purchased and accepted, (hall remain inveded in the name of the duchy of Lamajler, and (hall not be transferred, or transferable, without the authority of parliament; but all the intered of the said annuities, funas, and dock, (hall be from time to time paid, by the said governor and company of the bank of England, unto the receiver-general of the said duchy for the time being, and his successors, (whose receipts (hall be a sufficient discharge for the same,) as parcel of she revenues of the said duchy, and (hall be charged upon, and be anfweredand accounted for by him to the King's majedy, his heirs and successors, accordingly, fubjelt to all such charges, encumbrances, and outgoings, if any such there be (taxes only excepted,) as the said rents now are, or would have been chargeable with, or subject unto in cafe this al had not been made. t Clause for en XIV And whereas diverse lands and tenements, parcel of the faii 

coiiraging the duchy <?/lancader, are held by Jundry persons, by virtue of grants growrh ot jtrom the crown under the feal of the said duchy, infee farm, in feme 

umber. of which grants all timber and other trees to arise and grow in the 

lands thereby granted, are excepted and reserved to the crown: And whereas diverse other lands parcel of the said duchy, are heldbyleafes granted under the feal thereof for terms of life or years, wherein all timber and other trees are also excepted and reserved to the crown : And whereas sundry parts of the said lands fo held in fee-farm or by hafey would, if planted for the production of wood and timber, pro dvee a greater profit than in a course of hujbandrpr, and if the respective see farmers and lejfees thereof were to be benefited by raffing and planting trees for timber and other purposes thereon, they might be encouraged foto do, to the great utility of thepublick; be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said chancellor and council to contract with the owners of lands, 

held 

v^ooqic 

*779*] Anno decimo nono georgh III c.46, 47. 269 

Yield of the said duchy in fee-farm, for the abfblute sale of all timber trees and other trees growing, or hereafter to grow or arise, in or upon such lands respectively, at and for such prices or coniiderations as (hall be agreed upon and mentioned in and by such contracts refpeilively; and thereupon to grant, fell, and release, under the feal of the said duchy, in the name of his (aid Majesty, his heirs and successors, unto the said several and re fjpeftive owners of such fee-farm lands and their heirs for ever, all and singular the said timber trees and other trees, which in and by such fee-farm grants are or were excepted and reserved to the crown; and that such contrails, grants, fajes, and releases, (hall be valid and effectual unto such refpeitive owners of the said fee-farm lands, for granting, selling, and releasing, unto them and their heirs for ever, all such timber trees and other trees, any law or ufitge, or anything contained in such grants of lands in fee-farm, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. 

XV And be it further enaited, That it (hall and may be Chancellor. lawful to and for the said chancellor and council, by their order and council to be made in court of revenue, to authorise and dir^it the fur jnayauthorife veyors of the Woods for the south and north parts refpeilively ofwoodt^o** of the said duchy for the time being, to treat with, and to enter agree with into any contrail or agreement on the part of his Majesty, his leflearelat heirs and successors, to and with such lessee or lessees, for fecur j.ni tofth.e ing unto such lessee or lessees, and his, her, and their executors, frcev^c. administrators, and assigns, such a fair and reasonable allowance * 

or proportion of all moneys which (hall, at anytime during the term and interest of such lessee or lessees under their refpeitive leases, arise by sale of timber trees, or other trees, or wood, within the lands (b to be held and occupied by him, her, or them, as (hall be fettled and agreed upon between the said surveyors refpeilively, and the fyid lessee or lessees or any of them; and also for allowing unto such lessee or lessees, at the end and expiration of their refpeitive leases, a like fair and reasonable allowance and proportion in money for all timber and other trees which (hall be then left (landing and growing in and upon their refpeitive farms, according to the value of such timber and other trees refpeilively; which agreements, being confirmed by order of the said chancellor and council, (hall be valid and effieilual to all intents and purposes whatsoever. 

CAP. XLVI 

An ait for building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of 

Pembroke. 

CAP. XLVII 

An ail to indemnify such perfoos as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments $ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thole purports; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be 

(tamped 

r 

376 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 48. [1^79. 

ft am pc d according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mi (laid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors. 

Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to aft 1 Geo. 1. Aft 13 Car. a. Aft «5 Car. a Aft 30 Car 1. Aft 8 Geo. 1. 

• Aft 9 Geo. *. Aft 18 Geo. *. and aft 6 Geo. 3 before the passing of this aft j and who (hall, on or before Dec. 15, 1770, qualify themselves, (haft be indemnified against forfeiture. Not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Persons producing appointments and admiifiont before Dec. *5, 1779, (ball be confirmed, and qualified to aft as clerk, Officer, or member of corporations, C may enjoy all offices into which they lure been elected; and (hall be indemnified from all penalties and damages incurred by reason of dmiffions. Not to extend to reftcre pe Tonnes to any office avoided by judgement. Person who (hall cause affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1779, art indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons profecated and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ifiiie. 

CAP. XLVIII 

An act to explain so much of an a CL made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of (hipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other his Majeftys dominions, of'goods and commodities of the growth or production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign parts 3 for preventing masters of Jbips removing their vejfels out of the fir earn, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London, before the goods are difebargea, or their vejfels are cleared by the proper officers inxvards or outwards 3 and for allowing the officers of the cujloms and excise to make use of lights on board Ships in the haven, dock, or basin, at the port of Kingston upon Hull. 

Preamble. AT HEREA* ™di Jbe <tbi 

V V reign of Kthg Charles the Second, entitled, An act for 

Recital of the the encouraging and ehtreafing of (hipping and navigation 3 it navigation aft was, amongst other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of is Car. 2, the growth, production, or manufacture, of Africa, Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the iftonds of Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other tlace or places, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports where the said goods and commodities can only, or art or usually have been sir ft hipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid goods as shall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said acl, ett alj'o of the hip in which they were imported, with all her guns, fur tiiture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas doubts have crifcn whether such goods, if carried from the place or country oftbt growth or production into any foreign parts of Europe, and manufactured there, may not be imported from thence into this kingdom, and other of his Majeftfs dominions in the fgid ad mentioned: and 

11 whereas 

liooqle 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono gfiorgii III C 48. 271 

whereas the importation of such goods and commodities fo manufactured would be very prejudicial to the trade and navigation of Great Britain, and would tend to the ruin of several artificers and labourers, whose families are supported by the manufacturing such goods and commodities in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand Explanation seven hundred and seventy nine, the said in part recited'all, of th 

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (hall not extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods or commodities whatsoever, of the growth or production of Africa, 

Asia, or America, which shall be in any degree manufactured in foreign parts, to be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, except and unless the same (hall be fo manufactured in the country or place of which the said goods and commodities arc the growth and production, or in the place where such goods and commodities can only or are first (hipped for transportation, and from no other place or country whatsoever, under the penalties and forfeitures in the said act mentioned \ any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. 

ft. Provided nevertheless, That this aft (hall not restrain or Certain goods prohibit the importation of oil of cloves, oil of cinnamon, oil of the ijnportatu mace, and oil of nutmegs, or of any goods or commodities „2t rsiibited which are permitted to be imported into this kingdom, under by ttaisaft! particular circumstances and restrictions, by any subsequent aft or afts of parliament which are now in force. 

III And whereas Ships and vejjels ariving at the port of London Penalty on from Holland and Flanders, and other foreign parts, and also Ships mailers of and vessels outward bound from the said port to foreign parts, are fhipa remov frequently removed from the lawful quays, or out of the Jlream, to lie at anchor close to the back doors of the houses of the masters of stream, ex such vessels, or at the public-houses frequented by such masters on the cept to the fide of the river Thames, before they are discharged and cleared by lawful quays, the proper officers of the cufioms, whereby cambricks, lace, India felks, london°be and other prohibited goods, are very often run from on board such sore ^’goods vessels, to the detriment of the revenue and fair trader; for remedy are difeharg whereoffor the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, dc. 

That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any (hip or vefiel, coming or arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of the port of london, (halbe removed out of the stream, except to the lawful 

Ss, before all the goods are discharged out of such (hip or I; or if any (hip or vessel, outward bound from the said port of London to any foreign parts, having any goods or merchandise on board thereon, (hall, during her continuance in the said port be fo removed out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, unless upon any accident or emergent occasion, immediately to be made known to the commifiioners or principal officers of his, Vot. XXXII T majesty’s 

l.ooqle 

272 Anno decinio nono Georgii III c.48. [1779- 

majefty’s customs, and their consent for those respective purposes obtained 5 the matter, purser, or other person taking charge of every such (hip or vessel, (hall forfeit and lose the furo of one hundred pounds for each and every such respective offence; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivefiminfler. Recital of an IV And whereas by an act oj parliament, made in the fourteenth aft *4. Gto; 3. year of the reign of his present Majefy, entitled, An act for making and eftablithing public quays or wharves at Kingston upon Hull for the better securing his majesty’s revenues of cuttoms, and for the benefit of commerce ig the port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a basin or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads and other works, for. the accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money out of his majesty’s customs at the said port, for those purposes;; for establishing other neceftary regulations within the town and port of Kingston upon Hull; it is, amongji other things, enacted. That no person whatsoever Jbdll have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted (except in the manner in the said act for that purpose mentioned) on board any Jhip or vessel within the haven, dock, or basin, by the said act directed to be made, in the said port of Kingston upon Hull, (the vessels employed as ferry boats only exceptedj, at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, after the hour of seven in the evening, and before the hour of seven in the morning \ nor at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, after the hour of eight in the evening, or before the hour of five in the morning, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the Jum of three pounds: and whereas, in order to prevent the clandefiine running of cujlomable and prohibited goods from on board Ships or vessels in the night, it is absolutely necessary that the tidefmen, and other officers of his Majefifs ctffioms and excise, fiationed on board, and appointed to guard such vessels for the security oj the public revenues, Jhmld have liberty to vfe lights, properly secured, during their stay on board. as occafton may require > The said act be lt t^eref°re enacted by the authority afocefaid. That the said not to extend recited aft, or any part thereof, (hall not extend, or be con jto restrain any ftrued to extend, to restrain or prohibit any officer or officers officer of the Gf hjs majesty’s customs or excise from using lighted candles on board any ship or vessel in the said haven, dock, or basin, in using lights such lanthorns, guarded or properly secured against accidents of on board any fire, as the collector of his majesty’s customs, and the collector vessel in the or other principal officer of exdfe, and the governor or chair isn^tonupon man dock company at the port of Kingston upon Hull, 

Hull. P shall at any time think proper to direct and approve of for that purpose; nor shall any such officer or officers be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for having or keeping, or causing to behad 

or 

l.ooqle 

\ 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0.49.- 

or kept, such lights, in lanthorns secured as aforesaid, on boarj such (hip or vessel; anything in the said recited a to the contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. XLIX 

An act to prevent abuses in the payment of wages to persons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory. 

WHEREAS the practice of paying persons employed in the Preamble making of bone and thread lace, in the whole or in pare with goods injlcad of money, is a great injury to the lace makers, and tends to the difeouragement of the lace manufacture: and whereas it would tend to encourage the manufacture of bone and thread lacex if the persons employed therein were in future to be paid in money only, and if fotne provifton was made for the more easy and speedy recovery of such money; be it therefore enacted by the king’s moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and Afterjune after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun >77$* al pfr‘ dred and seventy nine, all lace merchants and dealers in lace, e^i^any * and all other persons who shall employ any person or persons Ucc manutac in the making of bone or thread lace, or who shall buy any twers, or shall bone or thread lace of the maker or makers thereof, shall and purchase lace are hereby required to pay such person or persons for their la °£ them in bofcr, and for all the lace fo bought of them, in money only, moneyt^nd and not with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other man not with ner whatsoever, either in the whole or in part, any usage or goods $ custom to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

II And be it further enacted and declared, That if any lace on penalty of merchant or dealer in lace, or other person, shall, after the said 101* twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, pay any person or persons employed in making bone or thread lace, in the whole or in part, for their labour, or for the purchase of any bone or thread lace, with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than with money only, every such l^ce merchant, dealer in lace, or other person, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of *° the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant, under the rcfi* hand and feal of any one justice of the peace, within the county, city, or place, where such offence shall be committed; render' ' the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after dedu&ing the reasonable charges of such warrant, distress and sale;; such forfeitures, when recovered, 0n failure of shall be paid to the party or parties aggrieved; and for want of distress, of sufficient distress, such justice shall, and is hereby authorised and fender to be required to commit the offender to the common gaol, prison, or comncutlcd« house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprizfe, for the space of six calender months, unless such penajty, and 

T z the 

How lace mikers may recover debts due to them for lace fold, or for making thereof. 

Persons ag. grieved may appeal to the quarter lefli ons | 

on giving 14 days notice. 

Preamble. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 50. f 1779. the charges attending the recovery thereof, (hall be sooner paid and satisfied' ' 

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy nirfe, if any sum or sums of money (hall be due and owing to any person or persons employed in the making of any bone or thread lace, for his or her labour, or for the purchase of any such lace, every such person (hall and may apply to any justice of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the cause of complaint (hall arise; and in cafe it (hall, upon the oath of the party complaining, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to adir.inifter), appear to such justice that such money is due and owing as aforesaid, then stich justice (hall and is hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be levied and recovered in the same manner as the forfeiture herein before imposed is directed to be levied and recovered. 

IV Provided always, That if any person (hall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done in purfudnee of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for any such person to appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions to be hold fen for the county, city, or place, where the aft, order, or proceeding, appealed against (hall be made or done, within six calendar months next after the making or doing thereof, the person appealing first giving fourteert days previous notice to the person or persons in whose favour such aft, order, or proceeding, (hall be made or done, of his or her intention to bring such appeal; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order therein, add to award such costs to either party, as they (hall think proper, and by their order or warrant to levy the costs which (hall be fo awarded by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons liable to pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale;; the determination of the justices in the said quarter fefiions (hall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all the parties. 

CAP. L 

An ah for more effectually preventing frauds by private difillers\ andfor the better securing the duties on low wines and spirits. 

WHEREAS the duties on low wines and spirits are greatly dimitiijhed, and the fair trader much injured, by means of fmallfills privately made use offor making and difilling low wines and spirits; and whereas, notwithstanding the many laws already made for securing these duties, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and indigent persons who are encouraged in such practises from the great length of time 

allowed 

1779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III d. 50. 175 

allowed by those laws for the payment of the duties arising from low wines andfpirits; now, for remedy of these mifehiefs, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the ad • and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every per, ^/verv4, fon or persons making or keeping any wafti lit for distillation, pe?fbn make and having in his, her, or their occupation, poflefllorr, or Cufto ingwalhfor dy, any fttll or stills, the cubick contents of which, when the distillation;; is on, will amount to two gallons or upwards, proof being h^poflvirion” thereof made, by the oath of one or more credible witness or a ftfti 0f the witnesses, before any one or more of the commissioners of excise cubick confer the time being, or before one or more of his majesty’s justi tents of two ces of the peace, who are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same, (hall be deemed and taken to be common common dif distillers for sale, and (hall be liable to the several rates and tiller, C duties of cxcife, and be subject to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several penalties, fines and forfeitures, imposed by act or adls of parliament now in force, in any wise relate ing to distillers; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 

II And whereas, by an act, pajfed in the tenth and eleventh yeqrs Recital of to of the reign of King William the third, entitled, An adt to pro & 11 0lft 3> hibit the cxceflive distilling of spirits and low wines from corn, cap’ and against the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in distillers, it was, amongjl other things, enafled, That if any officer of excise Should, under the authority of a warrant from a justice of the peace, difeover and find any private and concealed fiill, backy or veffcly spirits, low wines, or materials preparing for di'fiiu lotiony that in fucb cafe every such fiilly backy or other vejfely and also such spirits, low winesy and materials for difi illation, should be absolutely forfeited, and that the per fon or persons claiming the same Should forfeity for every place in which fucb fiilly backy or other vef jel, Should be found, and also for every such fill, back, or other vejj'el, found therein the sum of two hundred pounds: and whereas by one other al, pajfed in the tenth and clrjenth years of the reign of King William the third, entitled, An adt for laying further duties up and cap. »*• on sweets; and for lessening the duties as well upon vinegar as upon certain low wines and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported; and for the more cafy railing the duties upon leather; and for charging cinders; and for permitting the importation of pearl ales; and for preventing abuses in the brewing of beer and ale, and frauds in the importation of tobacco; it was enafled, That the proprietor of any private fiilly back, or other vejfely which should be dtfeovered, according to the directions of the before recited aft, or the per fon in whose cufiody the same fiwuld be found, should forfeit and lose, for every such fiilly back, and other vejfely the sum of two hundred pounds: and whereas it may be doubted whether, upon the difeovery and finding of private and con cededjlills, backs, and other vessels, and of spirits, low wines, or 

T 3 materials, 

Officer of CX 

cile discovering any private (till, cor any mate 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 56. [1779. 

materials, preparing for distillation, by any officer or officers of excise not having a warrant fr, m a ju/lice of the peace, such private and concealed fills, backs, or aether veffiels, spirits, lew wines, or materials preparing for dif illation, are forfeited, and liable to be seized by such officer, and whether thf proprietor of such private and concealed fills, backs, or other veffiels, fo difeovered, or the persons in tvhofe cufody of pojfeffibrt the same Shall be found, are liable and fub jefi to the said penalty of two hundred pounds: now, to obviate all such doubfs, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any officer or officers of excise (hall at any time difeover and find any private or concealed dill, back, or other vessel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of wah, low wines, or rials preparmg spirits, or other materials preparing for didillation, then, and lor dill illation, in every such cafe, it (hall be lawful for such officer to feizc may seize the every such dill, back, or other vessel, and all Arch low wines, lame. spirits, wadi, and other materials, preparing for didillation, 

which he (ball fo find and difeover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where he (hall If the said dills fo find and difeover the same; and in cafe the same shall not, C be not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true claimed anc owner (hereof, then the said dills, backs, and other, 

bythe ovrner, vefl<ris, spirits, low wines wall, and other materials preparing they shall be * for' didillation, (hall be ibfolutely forfeited : and the proprietor forfeited j and of any such private and concealed back, dill, or other vessel, or t?ereofporcthe per^on m whose cudody the same (hall be found, (hall for perfoninwhofe ^ and fe, for every place in which any such private dill, back, cudody they and other vessel, (hall be found, and also for every such dill, are found, fhau back, and other vessel found therein, the futn of two hundred forfeitforeach p0unc]s: and if any person or persons (hall obdrudl, oppose, particu ar, nioleft, or hinder, the officers of excise, or others acting in their assistance, in the due seizing such private dills, backs, and. other vessels, spirits, low wines, wah, or other materials preparing for didillation, or in removing the same, or any of them after seizure, to the next office of excise, as aforesaid;; and in every such cafe, every person fo offending (hall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. 

Ill, And be it further enaeded by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, on thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person or persons whatsoever (hall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place, or of any dill or utensil for making, diddling, or keeping of low wines or spirits, unless such person or persons (hall 

cn 

2, 00/. Penalty obstructing officers in seizing such (tills, C J 

No person to make entry of any werk house or (till for making low wines or spirits un 

occuhc ^tene 0ccl*py a tenement or tenements of the yearly value ot ten menfof ioc pounds, or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they, (hall ac perann. and cordinglv be assessed in their own name, and (hall also pay to (hall pay to the parish rates in the several parishes or places in which they, pari/h rate. ^ajj refpc£hvely reside; and that no entry of any workhouse, place, dill, or utensil, for tnaking, diddling, and keeping, of low wines and spirits, then made, or thereafter to be made, of any such workhouse, place, dill, or utensil, (hall be of any avail 

t9 

1-779*3 Anno decimo nono georgh III c.50. *77 

to any pcrfon.not fo qualified or for any longer time than the 

person or persons fo making entry (hail be qualified, as afore 

aid;; every person making or distilling low wines or spirits, 

and not qualified as aforesaid, (hall notwithstanding any entry 

by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons 

making and distilling low wines and spirits without entry, and 

(hall be fubjcdt to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons 

making and distilling low wines and spirits without entry are, 

by the statutes in such cafe made and provided, now subject unto. 

IV And) for the more effectual securing the duties bn low wines Distiller to 

end spirits, made and distilled within Great Britain, be it further weekly^of all enacted by (he authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the the walk nfed twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and by them in seventy nine, all and every person whatsoever, who (hall make low 

or distill low wines or spirits, shall, weekly and every week, 

make a true entry in writing at the next office of excise, within p the limits of which the said low wines or spirits are by him or them respectively made or distilled, of all the wah by him, her, or them, respectively used for the making of low wines and spirits, within each week, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of making such true entry, the sum of ten pounds. 

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Diftillerj not That every distiller who (hall not pay and clear off within a a week week after he, (he, or they, (hall have made his, her, or their after entry, entry, or ought to have made his, her, or their entry as afore to pay double, said, (hall pay double the value of the duty. 

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Certain word That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker, distill wardd'oor^f Jer, redtifier, and compounder, of spirits, who (hall make, €very still distill, rectify, or compound, any spirituous liquors for sale with house, (tore, in Great Britain (hall cause to be painted, in durable large legi bouse, C ble characters, over the outward door of each and every still 

house, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place. by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of british made spirituous liquors, the words dijlillerx on forfeiture reflifiery or compounder offpiritulus liquorj, (as the c3fe may be;) of iqol upon pain of forfeiting, for every such ftillhoufe, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, (hall be fo made use of by such maker, distiller, redtifier, or compounder, without having the 

aid words fo painted as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds. 

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Penalty on said, That if any person who (hall either make, distill, rectify, buyingbritifo or compound, any briti/b tnade spirituous liquors for sale, or 

who (hall sell or deal in any sort of spirituous liquors, (hall re otber^nan °* ceive or buy, or procure or employ any person to receive or distiller, buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, any who has the briti/b made fpiritupus liquors, (except at the public fales'of 

4*8 

painted over the outer door of his hill house. See, Exception, 

Eifher buyer or seller informing against the other party, fliallbedif # charged of his own penalty. 

Penalty on persons, not having made entry of all the places used by them, who/hall paint over any of fbeir doors the words di/liiler, rectifier. See, 

All the powers, penalties, and forfeit tyres, C contained in former revenue laws, to be apjpfe} in collecting. levying, aod recovering, the duties and penalties mentioned in this aft. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 50;. [ 1779. 

such briti/b made spirituous liquors as have been condemned, and are sold under the direction of the commifljoners of excite,) of any person or persons other than a maker, distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirituous liquors for sale, over the outward door of, whose ftillhoufe, (torehoufe, warehouse, (bop, cellar, vault, .or there place by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of british made spirituous liquors, (hall be painted as aforesaid, the words di/iiller y reliefer9 or compounder of spirituous liquors, as the cafe may be; every such person fo offending (hall forfeit and l#fe, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds. 

VIII And) for the more effectual difeovery of such offenders, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the offending party or parties, whether buyer or seller of such british made spirituous liquors, who (hall first difeover and inform against the other of the said parties, hall, in every such cafe, be, and he is hereby declared discharged and acquitted of and from all penalties and forfeitures, which, at the time of such information given, he might be liable for or by reason of such his own offence. 

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person whatever, other than such as (hall have duly made entry of all the places by him, her, or them reflectively made use of for making or keeping of British made spirituous liquors, (hall paint, or cause to be painted, over the door of any place to them respectively belonging, the words difliller, retllfitrx or compounder of spirituous liquors, or either of them, every pfcr fon fo offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also be subject to the several penalties and forfeitures to which persons making or distilling spirituous liquors for sale, without making entry, are how subject unto. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That fell and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by in act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for taking away the court of wards and and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Ma jejly in lieu thereof or by any other law nowin force relating to his majesty’s revenue, upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying. Collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, oraf certaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, "detecting, and punching, frauds relating thereto, (not otherwise altered by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, and imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties herein mentioned and directed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, 

penalties 

Tooele 

1779o Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0.51. 279 

penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the body of this alt. Penalties and XI And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, forfeitures That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this all, j^^d^nd* ihah be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, applied. » means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refoeltively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who (hall difeover, inform, or sue for the same. 

CAP. LI 

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to he taken out by all persons letting horses to hire for travellings in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling pojl, and by time and upon certain carriages therein mentioned. 

Mojl gracious Sovereigns 

WE, your Majesty's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the com preamble. 

mons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembitd^ towards raifings by the mojl easy means, the necejfary fuppltes to defray your Majesty s pub lick expenses have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and refpefltve duties herein afttr mentioned j and do mojl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enalted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou After Julyj9 fand seven hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be raised, i77mh« *?* levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Jo'bepaid to Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc his Majesty; ceflors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say,) neideluet* That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, in Great every post britain, who (hall let to hire any horfc for the purpose of tra matter. Sec, veiling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or being a per "ho (hall let fon usually Jetting horses to hire, fiiall let to hire for a day, or f^travelling any less period of time, any horse for drawing any coach, cha post, for an * riot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, (hall annual LI yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and iuccef cence, 5/. fors, the sum of five (billings for a licence for that purpose; every person that for and in refpelt of every horse hired by the mile or stage hiring horses, to be used in travelling post, in Great Britain, there be charged to uaveijk>tt a duty of one penny for every mile such horse (hall be hired to cachthorfe, travel post; and that for and in refpelt of every horse hired for, </, per mile § 

a 

2 So 

or i j.per day, where the dtftancc (hall • not be ascertained; 

every person keeping a diligence, poll coach, or other four wheeled carriage, for carrying only four inuae passengers, for hire, (hall pay annually 5/. for a licence j 

and (hall also pay one halfpenny for every mile such carriage shall travel. 

The said duties to be under the management of the commifii oners for the stamp dutie?. 

Penalty on persons letting out horses to travel poll without a licence. 

Any two corn mini oners of 

* Annodecimo nano Geokgii III C 51. [1779# 

a day, or any less period of time, for drawing, on a pod or other public road, any coach, chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, there (hall b charged, if the distance (hall be then afeertained, the sum of one penny per mile, and if, the distance (hall not then be afeertained, there (hall be charged the sum of twelvepence for and in reipeft of each horse fo hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse (hall be hired; that every person who (hail keep any four wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pofl cocuh, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of passengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from stage to stage, or from place to place, (ball yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five (billings for a licence for that purpose; that every four wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pcjl coach, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of paflfengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from stage to stage, or from place to place, (hall be charged with a duty of one halfpenny per mile such carriage (hall travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and for the better and more’effectual railing, levying, collecting, and paying the said rates and duties hereinbefore grantevl, the same shah be under the government, care, and management of thecommiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and lucceftors, and charged on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such (alarica and*incident charges, as (hall be necessary;; to provide and use such marks or (tamps as they (hall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there (hall be occasion; and to do all other alts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with, relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person whatsoever, required by this aft to be licensed, (hall, unless he or (he be authorised and enabled in the manner herein after preferibed, let out any horse for hire, either by the mile or stage, or to draw any coach, chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, for a day, or any less period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed. 

III And bt it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That, 

1779*1 Annadedmo nono Georgii III C 51. 

That, from and after the palling of this aft, any two or more the stamp duros his majesty’s com mi (Turners appointed for managing the du .t, e**°r.^rr*1 ties arising by ftarrvp9 on vellum, parchment, or paper, or some *bem. may * person duly authorised by them, (hall grant licences to such grant licences persons who (hall apply for the same, to let out horses for hire, tor letting out in manner aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place, within horses to hire ““Britain, for the fpaee of one year, to commence from the said fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after, the said fifth day of Jufy> one thousand seven hunched and fe venty nine, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person or persons who shall take out such licence for letting out horses for hire in manner aforesaid, 

(hall take out a fresh licence for another year ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for which he, (he, or they shall be fo licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out horses for hire, in manner aforesaid, and (hall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective Turns due for such licences, as long as he, (he, or they (ball continue to let out horses for hire, in manner aforesaid. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Noperfbnte That ho postmaster, innkeeper, or other person whatsoever, oneinn licensed or to be licenljpd by authority of this aft, shall, by virtue C for letting of one licence, keep more than one inn, house, or other place, horfei, by vir for letting horses for the purposes aforesaid;; for each and tueqf onc every inn, house, or other place, which any postmaster, inn ccncc keeper, or other person, shall keep for the purposes aforesaid, 

a separate and distinct licence shall be taken out, and paid for, by such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person. 

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Licensed inn every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, fo licensed to let keepers, See. horses as herein before mentioned, shall cause the words licensed ^ Voto let pojl horses, to be painted or written, in legible characters, be painted on either on a sign hung out, or in some visible place in the front the front of of his, her, or their house, stables, or out offices, at the refpec* their house, tive places at which northeast, she, or they let out horses to hire, as fh^^tlhorfes aforesaid, to denote that such postmaster, innkeeper, or other for hire person, is a letter or furnifher of post horses, and authorised to • 

furnish travellers with the same pursuant to law; and if any on penalty of postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, fo licensed as aforesaid, 5^ shall presume to let out horses for hire as herein before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, fo offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed. 

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person fo licensed 

as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they, furnrfh his, her, or their to travel own chaises, or other carriages, at the same time with fuchhor shall affix their fes let to hire to travel past as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause and f to there p ac 

aa anao^edinoiiono~gsorgiylll.^r54. i 779j 

abode, on to be markod or painted, upon Tome conspicuous part of the tome confpi chaise, or other earn age fo furnished, his, her, or their christian thereo?^1 ad surname nd the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in plain and legible characters, and continue the same thereupon, fo long as such chaise or carriage (hall be soused; and if any person or persons (hall neglect the same, or mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of abode, on such chaise or other car on penalty of riage, he or (he (hall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 51* five pounds. 

Commission VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiaid, cnof the That the said commissioners appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, mall, at the to every perfont, mc f ifltfhig such licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to bo taking out a delivered, to every postmaster, innkeeper, 'or other person foto licence, printed be licenfcd, printed or written papers, entitled, stamp offictwttbf or written pa acf0uftf. jn which (hall be inserted the day ot the week, and pe,, left for the number of horses and miles, and for the day 

jof thp month, and the names of the postillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after directed, according to the following form, or such other form as the (aid commissioners (hall judge convenient for keeping such accounts t 

Stamp! 

! 

by 

stamp office weekly account. 

A. 

of C 

m 

o 

0 

01 « 

O 

!• 

C 

•0 

•8 

o 

C 

C 

< 

o 

tv 

Month 

and 

Day. 

Week 

and 

Day. 

Sunday 

Monday 

Fuefday 

Wednesday 

Tburfday 

Friday 

Saturday 

Names of Postillions or Drivers. 

A. B. 

No. of 

Horses. Miles. 

Horfet. Miles 

C D. 

N. of 

Horses. 

E. F. 

No. of 

Miles. 

G. H. 

N. of 

Horses. Miles 

J.K. 

No. of 

Horses. 

Miles. 

L.M. 

N. of 

Duty. 

Horses. Miles 

284 Anno decimonono Georg n III C 51. (1779% 

and also cer and (hall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a number of tain tickets, tickets, on which Hull be printed or written, if for an innkeeper, the name of the (ign or house, if not an innkeeper, then, in Jieti thereof, his, her, or their name or names; and alio on such tickets (hall be inserted the name of the city, town, or place, where suck licensed person or persons reside j and also the words horses, Tf 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, n figures, as the tickets may be intended £0 de note the numbers; and likewise the words miles, except where the horses are let to hire for a day, or any less period of time, 

and then, instead of the word miles, the words far a day, (had 

be inferied, together with the words lamp office or some aether mark or (lamp sufficient to afeertain that such ticket was issued from the lamp office, and (hall take especial care that all persons fo licensed (hall be sufficiently furnished with such account Penalt on anc t*c^ccts } anc m any °®ccr employed in the execution 

officer/mak f this n relation to the said rates and duties, (hall refuse or 

ing default, neglcdl to do or perform any matter or thing by this at required or directed to be done or^perfotmed by him, whereby any nf his majesty’s fiibjedls (hall or may sustain any damage whatsoever, such officer fo offending (hall be liable, in any action to be founded on this (latute, to answer to the party grteved ah sech damages, with treble cods of fuit. 

Poilmafters, vili. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore con receiv said, That each and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person ingtbeirfirft f0 licensed to let horses for the purposes aforesaid, (hall, at thae rivefccurity me receiving his, her or their first licence, give security, by for the redeli bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of very of tickets fifty pounds, with a condition that he, (he, or they will, when unaccounted cvcr thereunto required, redeliver, orcaule to be redelivered the or, C lamp office tickets which he, (he, or they, may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them; and that he, lhe, or they, will also deliver to the person or persons (properly authorised by the commissioners appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, to infpedl the same, and to reccive^the money due thereon) the lamp officeaccount fodelivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid faithfully made out, filled up, signed, and attested, as hereinafter directed, and make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance,, and according to the true intent and meaning of this al; and 

also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf,. to be observed and performed; and in .cafe of thejionpeiform ance or breach of such condition, it (hall and may be lawful for ' the said commissioners, or the persons fo appointed by them, to cause each and every fuchjbond to be profoeuted according to law; and in cafe of judgement against the defendant, the said commissioners may, if tney (hall think, sir, refuse to grant to such person, against whom such judgement (hall be obtained, any licences to let horses as aforesaid in future. 

IX And 

1779*3 Anno decimo nono georgii III C 51. 

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, licensed as aforesaid, who (hall let horses to hire by the mile or stage, to be used in travelling post, (hall, by themselves or servants, previous to the using such horse or horses, ak, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons firing the same, the sum of one penny per mile, for each mile (uch horse (hall be fo hired to travel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, (he, or they (hall charge such traveller or travellers for the stage or distance such horse may be hired to go; and (hall, at the same time he or (he receives payment of the duty for such horse or horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or persons hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp office tickets herein before mentioned, as occafton (hall require, and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, (hall add, or cause to be added, in words or figures, the the month and day of he month, and the number of miles for which such horse or horses are fo hired : and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, (hall neglect to ak, demand, and receive, the said duty of one penny ^ mile from such person or persons hiring (uch horse or horses, or (hall negleist or refuse to deliver such ticket or tickets, as herein before directed, to such person or persons fo hiring the horses as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if he, (he, or they, had actually received the same. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every traveller or travellers, to whom such ticket (hall be delivered as aforesaid, who (hall pafs through any turnpike, (hall, at the first turnpike through which he, (he, or they (hall pafs, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets fo given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said tollgatherer is hereby directed to receive and file; and if any traveller or travellers fo going post as aforesaid, (hall have neglected to take such ticket or tickets, or (hall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, he, (he, or they (hall, before such horses be permitted to pafs such toll gate, pay for every horse hired and used by such travellers or traveller, the sum of one (hilling and sixpence, which the gate keeper is hereby authorised to ask and demand, and not permit such horses to pafs till he, (he, or they (hall have paid the same, or produced such ticket or tickets as aforesaid. 

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person Ecenfed as aforesaid, who (hall let to hire any horse or horses by the day,, or less period of time, as aforesaid, (hall, by themselves or servants, previous toifuch horfe.or horses being used, 

4 o ask, 

285 

Post m afters, Sec. letting out horses to travel pott, (hall receive, for the use of his Majesty, of the persons hiring the same, i d. fof every mile each horse is to travel; 

and (hall deliver to them flattop office ticktts properly filled up. 

Penalty on neglect thereof. 

Travellers to deliver their tickets at the fit ft turnpike they (hall pafs through 

Penalty on neglect. 

Poftmaftefs, * 

See. letting out'horfes to travel by the day, See. (hall receive, for the use of hu 

286 Anno decimo nono Georgii HI. C 51. [1779. 

Majesty, of ask, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs h^rin^tbc* an ^u€ct^ors» f an from the person or persons hiring the 

i^jlfor every faoac* the fom of one penny per mile for each mile such horse 

mile each or horses (hall be fo hired to go, where the difiance (hall be 

horse is to then afeertained, and where the difiance (hall not be then af 

travel; or is. certained, then the sum of twelve pence for each horse fo hired, whe^the°dif prcv*ous to such horse or horses being used; and (hall, at the tance (hall not same time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person fo be afeertained; hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the lamp office and (hall de tickets herein before mentioned, with the words for a day inliver to them ferted thereon, as occasion (hall require, and to which any ?kkete°ro r p°®ma^cr5 innkeeper, or other person, (hall add, or cause to aided, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month; and in cafe such horse qr horses (hall be hired to return the same day with the same carriage, and any person or persons therein by or for whom such horse or horses are fo hired, then Penalty on the words To return; and if any pofiraafier, innkeeper, or other postmaster, person, (hall negledi to ak, demand,, and receive, the said C for neg. duty of one penny per mile, or twelve pence, as the cafe may e * happen to be, from such person or persons hiring such horse 

or horses, or neglect or refuse to deliver such ticket or tickets, such pofimafier, innkeeper, or other person, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Maiefiy, his heirs and fuccefiors, in the same manner as if he, (lie, or they had actually received the same. 

Enumeration XII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ot particulars fai()9 That every pofimafier, innkeeper, or other person soli by poftmaf * ccnkd to Jet horses as aforesaid, (hall insert in the account tct$r&c. in herein before specified fo delivered to him, her, or them, from the account to the lamp office, the number of horses used in travelling post, be delivered an(j thc number of miles for which such horses (hall have been <mubp e. * k a the number of horses let to hire for a day, or any r " less period of time, and the day of the month on which the same were used, together with the names of the postillions or drivers employed; which said account (hall be signed by such pofimafier, innkeeper, or other person fo licensed as aforesaid, ?nd witnessed by the hostler or other servant employed in preparing and getting ready such horses, and (hall be open, when required, ' to the infpeltion of any person or persons duly authorised, under the hands and seals of the said commissioners At what times for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and Scented per paper, to infpell the same; and such pofimafier, innkeeper, or f>n#re^d, lls other person, fo licensed as aforesaid, residing in the city of weftmiiser^ Linden or liberty of wejhmnfterj (hall, the tirft Tuesday or wed or within five ftefiay in every month, and such other persons fo licensed as nailet thereof, aforesaid, residing within five miles of the city of London or or in the bills liberty of ipejiminjler^ or within the bills of mortality, (hall, jhaumtut’ lhc €lhurfiay or Friday in every month, or at such other their tn times as may be appointed by the said commissioners, on -. public 

i^ooqle 

j779.] Anno decimo nono georgii III C 51. 387 

public notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the at the stamp commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office, the accounts herein before directed for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such day of delivery, and (hall, within eight days thereafter, pay such sum and sums of money which (hall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and. paper, or to the proper officer for the timq, being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the head office in lincoln’s Inn or wherever elfe the same may be held, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in such account, and double the amount of the money fo due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof. 

XIII And it is hereby further enabled. That every postmaster, Where and innkeeper, or ocher person fo licensed as aforesaid, not residing whenlicenfed within che cities of London or tvejlminjler, or within five milts P 

of the same, or within the bills of mortality, shall, at all such of Peking * and places to be appointed for that purpofeas herein afer dom (hall de mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein before di liver heir ac redted for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such de c<>unt**&c* livery, and then unaccounted for, to the person or petjbns duly authorised, by commission under the hands and seals of three of the said commissioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive such accounts, and ihe money due thereon, and at the same time pay to such person or persons all sum and sums of money which (hall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering such. accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties for the nonpayment thereof. 

XIV And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, All tickets That all and every'ticket delivered from the stamp office, that paving the (hal( appear with the number of miles expj*e(ted therein, either 

in words or figures, (hall be deemed a ticket upon which the ™ ch/rem* duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid for bjr flu 11 be ac the postmaster innkeeper, or other perfqn, according to such cordingly paid number ofhorfe^and miles marked thereon, at and after the rate *orabytbe aforesaid' '. 

XV And it is hereby further enadied by the authority afore Penalty on said, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, soli 

ccnfed as aforesaid, who (ball be guilty of any wilful concea] endeavour » mentor making false accounts, or any other fraudulent con defraud bii trivance, device, or pretence whatsoever, with an intent or de Majeityo* the sign to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, of any of the ^ 

rates or duties imposed by this id, or any part thereof, fych ^ * 

postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, (hail forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed \ Vot. XXXII U the 

i88 Arino decimo nono (2eorgii lit C 51. f 177^. 

the said commissioners (hall d may, if they (hall fo think fit after judgement obtained agamft such offender, refuse to grant to such offender 'any licence in future. 

Every pod XVI And in order to prevent the evading the payment of the du matter, See. ties hereby granted, by permitting carriages conveying persons pofl to who (hall take frg drawn by horses which have paid the duty for the Jlage, under the horses travel Preterice f fuc^ horses being upon the return home; be it further en * ling port (hall acted by the authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, inn be accountable keeper, or other person, who (hall take the hire for such horses for the duty, by the mile, or from stage Co stage, (hall be considered as the person to whom the duties herein before granted shall be paid, and (hall be chargeable with and accountable for the same, as if such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, was the actual proprietor of iuch horses, although the same may belong to, and be the property of, any other licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person. 

No postmaster, XVII And, in order to prevent evading the payment of the ducat whole ties hereby granted upon horses hired by the mile or Jlage, under pre house any fence of the letting such horses for a day, or anflefs period of time, be travrllei flnli jt cna£ecj by the authority'aforefaid, That no postmaster, inn ftiallfctthem* keeper/or other person, at whose inn, house, or other place anyorherwife kept for letting horses to hire, any traveller or travellers (hall than by the change horses, (hall let to hire any horse or horses, to such tra mile or stage. veller or travellers, in any other manner than by the mile or stage; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall act contrary hereto, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered as here in after mentioned. 

Receiver ge XVIII And, in compensation for the trouble every toll gate keeper neral 6f the may have in and about the execution of this afi, and for an encourage stamp duties ment f0 difeover and detefl frauds that may he committed against the toft1patet0the w he ft enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said keepers ioj. receiver-general at the head office, and the said other collectors where the du (hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to ties on tickets p3y to the respective toll gate keepers, who (hall deliver, as themxall^ herein after mentioned, tickets by him or her received at such amount to refpccth e gates, the sum of ten (billings, where the duties upon iool. See. such tickets shall amount to one hundred pounds; and at and after that rate for tickets where the duties thereon (hall amount 

to any greater or less sum than one hundred pounds, and also allow such toll gate keeper to retain the money collected by him from such traveller Qr travellers who shall not, pursuant to this act, have delivered tickets to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid. Where and XIX Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted,, when the toll That all and every toll gate keeper (hall, for the compensation - brm^ftie an a^owance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the tickets tickets! C hereinbefore mentioned by him or her received, if Within five miles of London, then to the head office there, or to such other place within the bills of mortality as the commissioners shall appoint; and if beyond the distance of five miles from London then to such places, and at such times, as the collector appoint u ed 

a 89 

. 1779-3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.51* 

CD to collect such durics hall require, and deliver up, or cause to, be delivered uj), such tickets to the receiver-general or col le&or to be appointed as aforesaid. 

XX And be it further enacted by the authority 2fprqfaid, Penalty on That all and every toll gdte keeper who (hall have received t0, L gftcjjcfp* such stamp office tickets as aforesaid, who (hall not bring, or deiivc^up cause to be brought, such tickets, at the times and places afore ticketsoudc said, (hall, upon demand made at the gate of such turnpike, demand. 

liver such tickets to the collector to be appointed by the said commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, as .aforesaid $ if any toll gate keeper (hall refuse to dtliver up all and every such stamp oftice tickets, fo received by him or her, upon such demand as aforesaid, every toll gate keeper (hall, for each ticket he or (he (hall fo refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the sum of live (billings, to be recovered as herein after is directed. 

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Where post that all and every, poftmafler, innkeeper, or othef person, fo m***fr, » f liccnfed as aforesaid, not redding in the cities of London and^^|fs^t0 Wejiminjlir^ nor within the bills of mortality, (hall at the times mortality, are and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the first licence to attend and granted to him, her, or them, when the same (hall be delivered, paf*tlieir ac and afterwards at the foot of every receipt which (hall be given counu 

by the collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said duties attend, and there deliver in and pafs his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the collector fo appointed to collect the fame: provided that no such personas aforesaid (hall be compelled to travel for the payment of the said duties, or other causes whqt soever touching or concerning the same, if he, (he, or they live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he, (he, or they live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town nearest to his, her, or their habitation. 

XXII Provided also, and it is hereby further enatfed and declared, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to any horses uled in hackney coaches, Thisa& not licensed pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that e*lenj? purpose; nor td any horse or horses used in the drawing of any hackney ** chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage, used rn travel coaches, cling port, where such horse or horses (hall be hired to return before twelve of the clock at night of the same day with the same carriage, and any person or persons therein by or for whom such 

horse or horses were hired, and (hall actually return accordingly. 

XXIII And it is hereby further enatfed and declared by the Al! horses authority aforesaid, That every horse hired by the mile, or stage, biied by the (hall be deemed to be hired to travel post, within the true intent [jjaii b^diem and meaning of this ads, although the person or persons hiring cf hired to” ** the same do not go or travel several stages upon a post road, or travel post. change horses; and although at the stage or place at or to which 

U 2 such.. 

by 

go Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 51. [1779- 

such horfc (hall be hired there (hall not be any post house; arid although there (hall not be any pod fettled or eftajblifhed on the road, or awy part thereof, upon which such horse (hall be hired, to go; anything herein before contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXIV And be ir further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ou the death That if any podmafter, innkeeper, or other person, licensed to pott, malt?r'lt” horses in manner, aforesaid, (hall die, it (hall and may be See. hu execu lawful for his or her executors, administrators, or other persons tors&c (hail succeeding to such inn, house, or other place, to let horses to not be liable hire in manner aforesaid, until such time as such person (hall fohenin* ^ Procure fuc^ licence, and give such security as hrrein before lurie^ to hire, directed without being liable to the penalty herein before provided they inflicted upon the persons letting horses to, hire without being take out a LI licensed in that behalf, provided such licence be taken out withm after days aler death f such pod mader, inpkeeper, or 

hi death. other person;; such person or persons (hall be subject to the same rules, regulations, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the same rates and duties hereby imposed, as such poflmafter, innkeeper, or other person, was fubjedfc and liable to. 

No person XXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, (hall let out #, That, from and after the fifth day of one thousand seven ddigence^or hundred and feventynine, no person who (hall keep any four, poit coach, wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence Scc. without a or pojl coach, or by what name soever such carriage or carriages licence, now are or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofeof conveying, in the inside thereof, any number of passengers, not exceeding four, for hire, from dage to dage, or from place to place, shall let out the same for such purpose, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the said com - for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parch 

5*)1. for each ment and paper, for that purpose, upon pain to forfeit, for every chance. time fuoh machine (hall be soused, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed. 

Com mi fion XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, era ot itamp That, from and after the pafling of this adl, any two or more fucithcefr es 0^ ^, s majesty’s com miflioners appointed for managing thedu to ait pertons les arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or pap6r* or some who fliitl np person duly authorised by them, (hall grant licences, under their ply for them, hands and seals, to any person or persons who shall apply for the same, to let out for hire any such diligence, or other carriage, for the purpose aforesaid, for the space of one year, to " commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, to commence from the day of the date of such licence; which said licence (hall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if he person or persons fo licensed (hair continue 

to 

f779*] annodecimononogeorgii.iii. C 51. 291 

to let out for hire fych machine, diligence, or carriage, as aforesaid, he, (he, or they (hall, in the same manner, renew fueh licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licence, and fo yearly and every, year, as long as he, 

(he, or they (hall continue to let such diligence, or other carriage, in manner aforesaid. 

XXVII And be it further enafled by the authority afore non di said. That no person or persons, folicenfed to let out diligences, 

or other carriages, in manner aforesaid, (hall, by virtue of one virtueot one. licence, keip more than one diligence, or other carriage, for the licence, purpose aforesaid.. 

And be it further enacted by the authority afore Ail licensed 

said. That all and every person or persons, fo licensed to ufeany northeast happeninjr diligence or carriage as aforesaid, to and from stage to stage, or for every mile * from place to place, (hall pay to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc their dili ceflfors, the sum of one halfpenny for every mile every such carry riage or carriages (hall be soused or travel, as aforesaid. (hall travel 1 

XXIX And, it is hereby further enacted by the authority and (hall de aforesaid. That all and every person or persons, fo licensed to c*arc> wh?n use such diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, (hallr at the jjj*? lichee time of receiving such licence, declare from what place, and ro to and from’ what place, such diligence, or other carriage, 'is intended to be what place used, distinguishing the di(lanee or number of miles between lt»»intended the two extreme towns or other places such diligence or other andhowolten. carriage is to go, and the number of journeys ach such diligence or carriage is fo intended to be used, either in the day or 

in the week, as the cafe may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such licence; and all and every person or persons, fo licensed for such purpose as aforesaid, (hill give fecuiity, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceifors, in the sum of twenty pounds, with a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying such sums as may be due for the journeys such diligence or other carriages may have fo made. 

XXX And, in regard it may be difficult to afeerffin the number Discretionary 

of times such licensed diligences, or otner carriages, making/hortf ages commtffi 

about London, may go in a day, it is hereby provided and enact oner iciative CD That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or to diligence, the major part of them, or such officers as they (hall appoint in C palling that behalf, (hall and may, and they are hereby empowered to ^ 

make such allowances as (hall appear to be just to any person or miles of lon persons licensed to use any diligence, or other carriage, as afore don. 

said, to go from and to return to London, where the distance dots not exceed twelve measured miles, upon oath made by the owner of such diligence, or other carriage, before the said commissioners, or the major part of them, or such officers foto be appointed, as to the number of journeys actually made in a day by such diligence or other carriage, where the same (hall differ from the number expressed in such licences; which, oath the said commifttoners are hereby required to administer, and to examine into all the circumstances relative to the number of jour nies fo n?adfc by such diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, 

U 3 any 

The name of 

the owner of every dill * gence, Scc. to be painted on 

Where and 

when the da tes anting fioii* diti gences. See. nail be paid. 

292 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 51. [1779. 

anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;; 

'•. the laid commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby 

empowered to make such regulations, with respect to such diligences, or other carriages, where such allowances are applied for, as they (hall, from time to time, find necessary, as well tor the effectual lecpring the duties on such diligences, or other carriages, as doing justice to the owners or proprietors thereof. 

xxxl. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person or persons fo licensed tp use every such carriage as aforesaid, (hall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door, before rh/outfide oath, (he, or they (hall use the same for the purpose aforesaid, his, each door. her, or their christian and surname, mentioning the place from whence they fet out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible characters; and every proprietor of every such diligence or other carriage as aforesaid licensed to go from London to any other place, or from any other place to London; (hall, on the first Monday in every month, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, unless the same be an holiday, and then on the next day not being an holiday, clear the laid duties charged and become due by virtue of this al, by paying the same to the receiver-general of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for eolle&ing the said duties, for the use of his Majelly, his heirs and fucceftors, at the head office in Lincoln's Inv or wherever * elfe the same be held; and if such proprietor or proprietors (Kail 

be licensed from any town in the country to any other town than London, then such proprietor or proprietorslhall clear the said duties, by paying the same to the person duly authorised, by pommiflion under the hands and seals of three of his majeftv’s comniiffioners of the lamp duties, to receive the same, under the penalty of ten pounds, 

Licensed pro XXXII Provided always. That every such licensed proprie prictor of any tor or proprietors of any diligence; brother carriage as afore ^ to ^vecfevcnc wo iay down and difcorrfinue the use of the same, days notice shall 6, vc notice, in writing, seven days at lead before he, (lie, 

'~ or they (hall laydown or difeontinue such diligence or other carriage, and (hall have such notice endorsed upon the back of such his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon tyre bond foto be given as aforesaid, and from thencefortu, on payment of all arrears, (hall be no longer charged or chargeable for or in respect of such diligence or other carriage, 

XXXIII And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said receiver-general at the head office, and the uvui oth^r collectors duly appointed to receive the duties hereby oi'the'inopies' *mpofed, (hall make an allowance to the fevenl pofttnafters, to be account innkeepers, or other persons licensed as aforesaid, and they (hall ed for and be entitled respectively to deducl for their own gfe, at and after paid by them, the rate Qf threepence ift the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or other collcclor, according to the directions herein before contained. Penalty on XXXIV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, 

before be discontinue 

the tame. 

Poftmafler*, 

See. to be allowed din the pound out 

Digitised 

?d by  

1779.] Anno decimo nono Gecrgii III C $1. 293 

said, That if any person ftnll faifely make, forge, or counterfeit, forging any or cause or procure to be faifely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or assist in the false making, forging, or counter e 

feiting, any ticket, by this ad authorised or directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged or counterfeited ticker, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, 

(hall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein before directed and declared. 

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Pecuniary 

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, amounting to mountin to twenty pounds or more, (hall be divided and distributed, to go one wit, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, half to his and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuit, to such Majeity, and person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any ^^f^mer pf his majesty’s courts at h^e/lminjler^or offences committed in ' 

England, ivalts^ or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty’s 

court of session, court of judiciary, * or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. 

XXXVI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Two justices authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for my deter any two or more justices of the peace, residing near the place aeainft where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine this atffif the any offence against this ad, which subjects the offender to any penalty does pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; which said notexceedio/. justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon 

any information fexhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party, shall proceed to the examination of the matter offad; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeflion.of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this ad is directed, and to award and ifliie * out thfeir warrants, under their hands and seals, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, apd to cause sale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fufficiem to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain until such pecuniary penalty shall be paid and satisfied;; if either party (hall find himself ag Persons aggrieved by the judgement of the said justices, then he or they my 

(hall or may, upon giving security to the amount of the value ^ar^rfef C of the penalties and forfeitures (p awarded by such two justices, don. appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for that county, riding, or place, who are hereby im 

. U 4 powered 

l.00q le 

Juftictt may mitigate the pena ties. 

Jtecever? general of liamp d itiei to pay the *junet granted by this aft • into the exchequer. 

Auditor to keep a lepa tate account thereof. 

Psrt of an act of 9 Ann repealed. 

Persons fupd tor anything done in pur 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0.51. [1779- 

powered to summon and examine witnesses, upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same and in cafe of convi<5ti on, to issue warrants for levying the penalties as aforesaid. 

XXXVII Provided nevertheless, That it (hall and may be % lawful to and for the said respective justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difeovery as in profccutmg the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and fo as fueh mitigation do not reduce th penalties to lei's than double the duties over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this aft, or any other aft of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein befoce granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the rece ver genera! for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such imnner, as the duties, now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment or paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of • the auditor of the said receipt (hall be provided and kept a booh or books, in fohich all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, (hail be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, lo paid into the said re cept of exchequer as aforesaid, (hall, together with such other rates, duties and revenues, as (hall be granted by any aft or afts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An a for roifing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for efia bujhing a lottery.) 

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for ejiablifbing a general postoffice for all her Majesty's dominions, and for fettling a • weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's octaftons, )' as restrains any peaons, other than the poftmaifler genera! for the time being, and the respective deputies and substitutes of such postmaster general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furniffiing horses or furniture for riding pod within this kingdom, (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void. 

XL and^be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (hall at any time or times be (ued, • molested, or profecutea, for anything by«hio> or .them dane: qr~ 

executed 

executed in pursuance of this at, or of any clause, matter, or fuance of this thing, herein contained, such per Tonne or persons shall and may at, may plead plead the genera! issue, and give the special matter in evidence general for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pafs anctrecover for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be trc^\c costs;; nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants (hall Have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff'or or plaintiffs. 

CAP. LII 

An act for taking off the duty upon all fait used in the curing of pilch ards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards consumed at home only. > 

WHEREAS, by an ab of parliament, pajjed in the fifth Preamble. 

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the firjly entitled, An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery Recital of an in foreign parts, and for better securing the duties on faity pitch 5gco* *• ards cured for exportation are exempted from the payment of any duty on fait to his Majesty, except the cufioms payable on the importation thereof : And whereas of late times the pilchard fishery hath been so much increased, that the demands of foreign markets have been found insufficient to take off and vend the quantities of pilchards cured at a price adequate to encourage and prefervt a fishery fo valuable: And whereas, upon a serious view and invejiigation of the Jlate of the said fishery, there is reason to hope that the same may be preserved, and carried on in its full extent, if under proper regulations, a reasonable abatement were made in the duty on fait used in the curing of all fucb pilchards as may be appropriated for home consumption; be ^tcf it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by 1?79i duties and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem on laic used in poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and pifeh by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day conrumptiorte of ytf/y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the t0 ceat? ° # duties now payable on fait used in curing of pilchards for home consumption, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New oath to at the beginning of every fishing season for pilchards, the probe taken by prietor or proprietors of the fait delivered duty free for the cur the proprie ing of pilchards for exportation, purfuant.to the said affor his fors °( or their agent or agents, shall, .ihftead of the oath required by the fat the'be said adt, make oath in writing, before the officer for the duty ginning of the on fait, at the office nearest to the place where the fait is lodged, tithing (eafon (who is hereby empowered to administer the same,) declaring tw pilchard the quantity of the foreign or British fait respectively lodged for ■ the curing of fi(h, and that all the said fait is intended for the curing of lilh for exportatiorvonly, and (hall not, by his or their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly, be sold, given away, or any way delivered, but for the purpose afbrefaid, except so much thereof as (hall be used for curing such pilch .* arda 

*96 Anno decimo nono Georgii HI. c.52. [1779* 

ards as (hall be entered with the office of the place for born cott fomption, and charged with the duties by this al chargeable thereon. 

III And be it enafled by the authority aforesaid, That every curer of pilchards, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, before lie removes any pilchards (except for exportation) from the office, cellar, or place, where the same (hall be cured, (hall, from time to time, make entry thereof at the next fait office; and (hall pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of five (billings and twopence halfpenny for every cask or barrel, containing fifty gallons of cured .pilchards, Co to be removed, and foin proportion for a greater or Icfs quantity, in lieu and full satisfaction of any other duty imposed or laid on British or foreign fait, to his Majesty, in respect of pilchards cured as aforesaid, for home coniumption; and that no such curer (hall fell a less quantity than twenty-five gallons of pilchards at any one time; and that such pilchards (hall be packed or pat up in casks, each cask not containing less than twenty-five gallons, and the contents of such cask (hall be marked on the heads thereof, by the proper officer of the commissioners of the fait duties; and upon entry and payment of the duty, and marking such casks as aforesaid, a permit (hall be given gratis by the salt ofticer, expressing the contents of the calks for the which the duty (hall be paid, as aforesaid, and the marks of such casks, and for what place the same are intended, and whether to be sent by land or water carriage; on pain of forfeiting all the pilchards that (hall be sold in less quantities than herein before mentioned, or that shall be removed or carried away before entry is made, and the duty paid, and without the casks containing such quantity of pilchards at the Jeaft, and being marked, and such permit obtained as aforesaid, and of the cask or vessel in which such pilchards shall be found, and also the sum of forty (billings for every twenty-five gallons of pilchards fo sold or removed, and foin proportion for 9 greater or less quantity, to be recovered from the perfo* of persons who (hall fo fell, remove, or carry away, the same; one moiety thereof for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall seize, foe, or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excise, or by ai tn of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any "of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler 5 and all and every officer and officers bf his majesty’s cuftoitis, excise, or duties upon fait, are hereby authorised and empowered to seize all such pilchards fo sold in less quantities than herein before mentioned, or removed or carried away before entry and payment of dujy, and all other things performed as aforesaid, and the said casks or vessels wherein they (hall be found. 

Retailer of IV be it further enatfed, That no person or persons pilchards not ' purcha 

Pilehards for born consumption to be entered at the next salt ©flke; and a duty Of 5 s.td. halfpenny to be paid for very ca(k of go gallons. 

No curer to sell less than *5 gahons at a time. 

On entry and payment of the duty, 

ca permit to be given gratis by the jalt officer. 

Penalty on selling in less quantities than abovementioned, Q. 

v ooqle 

1779-] Anno decimonono Georgii III c.53. 297 

purchafmg pilchards to sell by retail (hall, at any one time, buy to buy left a less quantity than twenty-five gallons, and (bail also be ob than25gal liged, upon demand, or inquiry made of him or them for that purpose, by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in discover the some reasonable time of the day, to discover to such officer or names of the officers the name or names; and place or places of abode, of the curers curer or vendor of any quantity or quantities of pilchards then in his possession; and that if any such retailer fliali purchase a less Penalty quantity of pilchards than is before mentioned, or (hall, upon such demand or inquiry, refuse to discover the name and place. of abode of any such curer or vendor, every person fo offending (hall, in each cafe, forfeit the quantity or quantities of pilchards fo purchased, or respecting which such demand or inquiry (hall be made, and the cask or casks (if any) wherein the lame fttall be contained, and also the sum of forty (billings, to be recovered by the ways or means, and in manner herein before mentioned or directed. 

V And be it further enacted, That the proprietor or pro Proprietors of prietors of the fait delivered duty see for curing pilchards for feltdefi*cred exportation, his, her, or their agent or agents, (hall in the ac curtne^tlch^ count which, after the end of every filing season, they are to ardsforex" deliver in writing into the salt office, containing the quantity of port at ion, are, fish exported, or entered and (hipped to be exported on which ln their ac the falt'takcn away, after its delivery into the foie euftody of the ^"ofvhe1* said proprietor or proprietors, his, her, or their agent or agents, season, to ex has been used or consumed, as by the former law is directed, prefsthe (and under the penalties thereby preferibed,) express also the quantity en quantity of pilchards entered for home consumption, on which jf0r^fc^, rn. such fait has been used or consumed. fumption,"ort 

Vf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe which such the duties of excise on fait (which now amount to three fak ha been (billings and fourpence per bushel on homemade fait, and six “fcd* 

(billings and eight pence per bushel on foreign fait,) or any of fait 

them, (hall cease, determine, or be redeemed by parliament, should be lelt* then the rate or duty of five (billings and twopence halfpenny ened, then for every cask or barrel, containing fifty gallons, hereby impok the aforesaid ed upon cured pilchards for home consumption, (hall cease, or be letfened in proportion to the duties on fait that (hall fo cease, te iefiened in determine, or be redeemed; anything herein contained to the proportion. ' contrary notwithstanding. 

CAP. LIU. 

An act for difeent inning the duties on cotton wool, the growth and product of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported 

from this kingdom. 

WHEREAS the importation of cotton wool, the growth and Preamble. 

product of the British colonies and plantations in America, may he increased, and the manufacture thereof promoted and encouraged, 

'if the duties now payable on the exportation thereof from this kingdom are difeontinued j be it therefore enacted by the king’s mod 

excel] 

After June 14., 1779* the du tie on the exportation of cotton wool, the growth of the #riti(h colonies in America, (hall cease. 

The aforesaid cotton wool to be duly entered, and Hr pped in the pretence'of proper officers, cor otherwise liable to the duty. 

Preamble. 

16 Geo. 3, cap.4j, ie cited. 

and further continued dll July 1, 1779. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 54. [ 1779. 

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the duties now payable upon cotton wool, the growth or produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom to any parts beyond the Teas, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, custom, or usage, tf> the contrary notwithstanding. 

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That due entries shall be made at the custom houfeof all such cotton wool, in the same manner and form, expreffmg the quantities and qualities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this aft; and such cotton wool fhs*h be (hipped outwards in the presence of the proper officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; and the exportation thereof shall be in britijb~bu\\t ships or vessels, navigated according to law; .and on failure of the said conditions and directions, or any or either of them, the said cotton wool shall be liable to the same duty as if this aft had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwittiftand ing. 

CAP. LIV 

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act, made in the fxteenth year of the rfign of fais present Majesty, entitled An act to authorise, fora limited time, the punishment, by haid labour, of offenders who, for certain criqies, are or (hall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty’s colonies and plantations. 

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the fxteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty’s colonies and plantations:. And whereas the said at was continued, by an act made in the lafl fist on of' parliament, until the fir (I day of June one thousand fevea hundred and seventy nine: and whereas it is expedient further to continue the said first mentioned aft for a further time to be limited; be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prerent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said act shall be, and is hereby further continued from the said first day of June, until the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. f 

CAP, 

CAP. LV 

An act for enlargingthe times appointed for the meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain afts of this fejfton of parliament. * % 

WHEREAS certain afts may hate been made and faffed in this present fejfum of parliament, appointing the first meetings of the commijflonirs or trustees for putting such afts in execution upon certain days, which have elapsed before, or, happened ufcn% the respective days of pajflng such aftsy ana doubts may arifey whether in such cafes the commissioners or trustees appointed in and by such afts are authorised to meet and carry such afts into execution; may k therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; And be it enacted by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and .temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in cafe any actor adls of parliament hath or have passed during this present session of parliament, and the commissioners or trustees for putting such actor adls in execution (hall not have met and held their first meetings on the respective days appointed by such adls refpedliveiy, oc (hall have met and held any meetings without sufficient authority foto do, .it (hall and may be lawful for such commissioners or trustees, or such number of them as by such adls are authorised to meet and to pgt such adls in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of such adls refpedliveiy, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this present session of parliament; and all such meetings fo had, (hall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the commissioners or trustees had met and proceeded to put such adls in execution on the days appointed in and by such respective adls, or as if they had been authorised by such respective adls to have held meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already held, as aforesaid;; all adls, matters, and things, which (hail be done by such commissioners or trustees in the execution of such adls refpedliveiy, (hall be as valid and effedlual in all respects, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if their first meetings had been held on the days appointed by such adls refpedliveiy, or as if they had been authorised by such respective adls to have held meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already held as aforesaid. 

Preamble. 

If the com raiflioners or trustees ip pointed to execute anj aft of this session, (hall not have met as therein appointed, See. they may meet on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this fed!on. 

CAP. LVI 

An act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an act made in the fiventeentb year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An adl for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as audlioneers; 

a and 

Q 

Anno decimb nono gfeoftgit IIL c.56. [1^79; 

And certain rates and duties on all lands houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction j and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments; as rtlaus to the method of granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on eft ate and goods sold by auction. 

Preamble. 

w H E R E A S, by an act, made in the seventeenth year af the 

17 Geo. 3, cap. 50, le cited. 

7 

reign of his present Majejty, entitled, Ao adt for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers * and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction * and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments; certain duties were imposed bn all licences to be taken out by persons selling estates, goods and chattels, by auction, atid on the pur chase money of the things fo [old: and whereas the powers, rules, and regulations, therein prefenbed for afertaining, ecu ring, and colliding, the [aid duties, and for preventing frauds therein, have been found ineffectual to secure the payment thereof \ and the foetid duties have, by reason of various frauds and evafeons, been greatly decreoftd or withheld; far remedy thereof, and for the better securing the payment of the said duties, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ivt of the said That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand fev«n repealed, hundred and seventy nine, the several powers, rules, regulations, and provisions, by the said adt given and directed, for granting licences to auctioneers, and for collecting and managing, the duties by the said act imposed on licences to be granted to persons selling by auction, aod on the puroliafe money of the estates, goods, and effects fo sold, (hall cease and determine, and be no longer used, except in all cafes relating to the recovery of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of July! one thousand seven hundred and seventy nino, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

he duty II rfnd whereas, by the said recited aft, it is, among other ww, vvu, from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sepr tember, one thousand seven hundred and fevtnty seven, there Jhell be ruifed, •levied, colic stead, and paid, in such manner as in the said act is mentioned, to and for the use of his Majesty, bis heirs and successors, the sum of'jixpence for every twenty [billings, out of the pur chase money aripng by jale at auction of all plate and jewels: and whereas the said duty of sixpence in every twenty Billings, out of the purchase money of the said goods, has been found to prevent, it a great tneaj'ure, he Jale of the said goods by auction, to the prejudice of the revenue intended to be raised by the said aft, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine the said duty of fixpencc in every twenty (billings, out 

of 

of 

pound out of the purchase pioney of plate and jewels, repealed * 

i] Anno decimo nono georcii lit; C 56. 301 

of the parchafe^money of the said goods (hat! be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that the sum of threepence for every twenty (billings, out of the purchase mooey arigng by sale at audion of ail plate and jewels, (hall be railed, levied, and a duty of and collected, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and * successors; the said duty to be paid, accounted for, recovered, luted inttead and applied in such and the like manner as the other rates and theieoi. duties, granted by the said recited ad upon Tales by auction are directed to be paid, accounted for, recovered, and applied $ anything therein, or in this present act, contained to the contrary hotwithftanding. 

. III And, for the better preventing the like frauds, and for No person td the more tffedual securing the payment of the duties, by the fell estates, said ad imposed, be it further enacted by the authority afore god cas said, Thar, from and after the said fifth day of July, one without thousand seven hundred and seventy nirte, no person whatever, having taken hot already licensed according to the said ad, who now, or at out a licence any time or times hereafter doth or (hall excercife the trade or bufmefc of an audioneer, or fdier by commission, at any Tale of any estate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outcry, knocking down of hammer, by candle, by lot, by parcel, or by arty other mode of (ale at audion, err whereby the htgheft bidder is deemed to bo the purchaser or who (hall ad in such Capacity; shall presume to deal in, vend, or sell, any ertate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by way of audion as aforesaid in any manner whatsoever, without first taking out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, or they (hallfo put up to sale, or sell, any (uch estate, goods, or effects, by public sale, by way of audion, as aforesaid;; in which licence (hall be fet forth the true name and real place of abode of the perforl or persons taking out the same, for which he, (he, ' or they (hall immediately, upon taking, out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, foto be taken out from time to time, the several sums of twenty (billings and five (billings, by the said ad granted; over and besides any other duties or payments to which such person or persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or selling, any gold or filvef plate, or otherwise, in manner following; that is to say, 1/fuch Where licences be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London then such licences, whether they be granted England and for selling by way of audion within the said limits, or in any Wales; other part of England or ivals^ (hall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majelty’s commissioners for the duties of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise (hall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the said respective duties (hall.be paid at the said chief office of excise in London; bat if the licence for selling by audion, in the partr of England and ifales* not within the said limits, (hall be taken out without the limits aforesaid, then such licences (hall be granted under the hands and seals, of the several collcdors and supervisors of excise within 

theii* 

d 

302 Anno dcctmo nono gfioroil III c.56. [ C 779. 

their respective collections and districts, and the said duty offivc (billings, by the said at imposed, (hall be paid for the same to the collector of exdfe who (hair grant and deliver the same : and where for and in cafe such licences (hall be token out within the limits of Scotland. the chief office of excise in Scotland, such licences (hall be 

granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty’s commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of (uch person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland (hail appoint for that purpose, and the duty of five (billings, by the said act imposed for the same, (hall be paid at the chief office of excise in Scotland, in the same manner as is herein before described in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, but if such licences (hall be taken oat in any part of Scotland, not within the limits of the chief office of excise in Scotland, then such licences (hall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts, and the said duty by the said act imposed for the same, 'Xhallbe paid, by each and every person and persons fo taking out such licences, to the collector of excise who (hall fo grant and deliver the same; and such respective commissioners of epccife, and the persons foto be appointed, as aforesaid, by them respectively, and also such collectors are hereby refpcftively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who (hall apply lot the same, upon their paying the duty by the said act directed to be paid for each and every such licence. 

Licences to be WAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, renewed an That every person or persons already licensed, or who, after iiually. the said fifth day of July, one thouiand seven hundred and seventy nine, (ball take out any such licence as aforesaid, is, and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months afrer taking out the first licence, before he, (he, or they do presume to vend or sell, by way of auction, as aforesaid, and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like futn of twenty (billings, or five (billings, respectively, by the/aid aft imposed for each and every new or renewed licence. Penalty on at pl*cc and at the times before mentioned: and it any per fclling goods, fon or persons not already licensed as aforesaid, (hall presume C by auction 0r offer to vend or fell by way of auction as aforesaid, 'without cehccuor&with tan out such licence, or without renewing the same 

outduly re * in manner as'aforefaid, such person or persons (hall, if hewing the the offence shall be committed within the limits of the chief 

Came. office of excise in London, forfeit and lose, for every such offence, 

the sum of one hundred pounds; and if such offence (hall be committed in any place without the said limits, then such person or persons (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds. 

The several V And whereas, by the aid recited aft, a rate of duty of three duties of’j dr pence is to be railed, levied, collected, and paid, for every twenty ^unvgrdnt fallings of the purcbofe monty ariftng by sale at auction of any inter eft. 

ooqle 

1779*1 Anno tfecimo nono Georgii III C 56. 303 

in pojfejfton or reversion, in any freehold copyhold, leofebold lands, ed by the for 

tenements, bouses, r hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of !® 

charged thereon, and of any utenfih in hujbandry and farming pro^mon for /£//>;, vejfels, and of any rcverfionary inter efts in the any^greater or publuk funds, the sum of sixpence for every twenty Jbillings out of less (urn. 

A purchase money arising by fade at auction of all fixturex, furniture, jewels piftwres, booksy horses and carriages, all other 

goods and chattels whatsoever; turd whereas it may be doubted whether the said respective rates and duties fo imported as ajorefaidy are payable for any part of such pur chase money not amounting to the Jum of twenty Billings: Now, to obviate all such doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the said respective rates and duties of threepence and sixpence fo imposed, as aforesaid was intended to be charged, and is hereby declared to be charged and chargeable, for every twenty (billings of the said purchase money, and in proportion for any greater or lesser sum of the purchase money arising or to arise by fates at audion. 

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid After July 5, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thoufahd j?. seven hundred and seventy nine, the said respective sates and tic^oiall be a duties of threepence and sixpence by the said a imposed, (hall charge upon. be, and are hereby declared to be, a charge upon every audio the auctioneer near or seller by commifiion, immediately from and after the immediately knocking down of the hammer or other doling of the bidding, fng of every" " every sale by way of audion, and that the rates and duties fa, fo charged (hall be paid, by every such audioneer or seller by commifiion, in manner, and at the times hereinafter mentioned. 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every audio. That, from and after the said fifth day of Julyy one thousand near within seven hundred and seventy nine, every person not already LI exedfe censed, acting as audioneer as aforesaid, at any public faje or 0£gcc in l~on. audion within the limits of the chief office of fxcife in London, don, when he fhafl, at the time of receiving the licence, give security by bond tak out h, a to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in the sum of two {j^^ndtoii# hundred pounds, with two or more sufficient sureties, which Majesty, in security the commissioners for the duty of excise for the time 100/. with fu being, or any two or more of them, or such person or persons reties, that he as the said commissioners of excise (ball from time to time ap "breach 

point to deliver out the licences as aforesaid, is and are hereby deliver! 

authorised and empowered to, take, that he will, within twenty at the (aid of eight days after each and every sale by way of audion, deliver, fice, a partico at the chief office of excise in London, to the person or persons lar acc^u^ who (hall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to re 1 ercg 9 * 

ceive the same, an exact and particular account in writing of the total amount of the money bid at each sale, and of the several articles, lots, or parcels, which (hall have been there sold, and the price of each and every such article, lot, or parcel; and at the same time make payment of all such sum and Turns of money as (hall b due and payable to his Maiefty, in pursuance Vol. XXXII X 

ljooq le 

3^4 Anno deckno nono Gkchgii HI. C 56. [1779. 

of, and according to the true inteot and meaning of this a; which sum or futns of money he is hereby authopfed and iro powered to retain out of the produce anting by fetch fide, or deposit made ad such fate, or otherwise recover the same by action of debt, or on the cafe, against the person or persons by yhom such auctioneer (hail be employed or on whose account and (hall make fiich goods (hall be (b sold; and every person fo acting as oath to the auctioneer, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, if truth of tuch any, (hall make oath to the truth of each and every such ac account count before the commissioners of excise, or one of them, or before such personas the said commissioners ef excise (hall p point to receive the same; which oath the said com mi (Boners of excise, or one of them, or other person foto be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and hnpowered to If auctioneer administer: : in cafe the att&ioneer giving such bond (ball (hall not fulfil rcgjeifl to deliver in his account, or to make payment of the of*be bond, 0* anc duties as herein directed, or if it (hall appear that the commissioners account delivered in by such auctioneer was not a true and of^scife may just, account, or that the said auctioneer hath acted contrary to putkinftmt. the true intent and meaning of such bond, and of this prtfont ah, it (hall and may be lawful for the laid commissioners of excifo to cause such bond to be put in fuk, unleft they (ball Bod sufficient csuife to forbear the same, and thereupon, in cafe of a verdieft or judgement against the defendant, fueh licence (hall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes. 

Everyauftia* VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, over in Great That each and every person fo acting as afore&id, at every sech ®ritain» puhbck auction, in any part of Great Britam not within the nits of the ex f he said chief office of excise in London, (hall, at the 

cife office in time of receiving such licence, as aforesaid, give security by London, (hall bond as aforesaid, in the sum of fifty pounds, which fectsrity give fecunty (hall be taken by the respective commissioners of excise in Gnat co that hen &nta*n'> or ™Y two or more f' them, refpetftively, or by such will, within six or persons as the said commissioners of excise refpeeftively 

weeks after (hall appoint to deliver out the said licences, in like manner as each sat, deli, is herein before mentioned and directed with regard to the c^a^account ^onds to ^ 8*ven w*thin the limits of the chief office of excise thereof C n London, that he will, within six weeks after every sale by au£tion, deliver in an ex and particular account, jn manner as is herein before required to be delivered by persons selling by au«slion within the limits of the said chief office of excise it London, and (hall, at the same time, make payment of all such sum and Turns of money as (hall be due and payable to his ma jefty, for and on account of each and every sale by way of auction by him made, from time to time, within such six weeks / respectively; and all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein before prescribed or contained, for the better levying, securing, or accounting for, the said rates or duties within the limits of the said chief office of excise if London, (hah be observed in ail other parts of Greet Britain, as if the feme were again particularly repeated and reena&cd. 

o IX And 

1779. j Anno dfccimo nono georgh III C 56. 305 

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid ati^ionecrt That, from and after the said fifth day of july one thousand ^exd^e’ou seven hundred and Seventy nine, every such audioneer, or seller gccj Ct prcj by commission, selling by auction within the limits of the said vious notice of chief office of excite in London, (hall, two days at least before ach f*le; and he, (he, or they do begin any sale by way of audion, deliver, ^ 

'or cause to be delivered, at the said chief office of excise, to the i0gue, c6ntaiiw perlon who (hall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to ing an cxaft receive the feme, a notice in writing, signed by such auctioneer, enumeration fpecifyidg in such nptice the particular day when such sale by j**tbe audion is to begin; and (hall, at the same time, or within a, t 0 ° * 

twenty-four hours after, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the perfoh foto he appointed as aforesaid, a written or printed catalogue, attested and signed by such audioneer, or his known clerk $ in which catalogue (hall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by such audioneer intended to be sold at such audion j and every such audioneer, selling by audion in any part of Great Britain, not within the limits of the said chief office of excise in Lcndoni (hall, at least three days before he, (he, or they do begin any (ale by way of audipn, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the colkdor of excise, in whose collection such sale is intended to be, or at the office of excise next to the place where such sale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, signed by such audioneer, specifying therein the particular day when such (ale is to begin; and (hall, at the same time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered, to such cdledor, or at the office o( excise next to the place where such (hie is intended to be, a written or printed catalogue, attested and signed by such audioneer, or his known clerk; in which catalogue (hall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by such audioneer intended to be sold at such audion : and if any such audioneer on penalty of (hall presume to sell any estate, goods, or effects, by way of audion, without delivering the notices and catalogues hereinbefore required to be delivered, or (hall, at any : uch sale, (ell any estate, goods, or effects not particularly expressed or enumerated in such catalogue, every such audioneer (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Any an£ko f any such audioneer, fo selling by audion at any place within nfe™i England or ivaki* not within the limits of the said chief office ^thinthe of excise in London, (hall not be prepared to deliver in the ac limits of the count, by this ad required, to the colledor of excise within excise office»a whole collection such notice was delivered, and such sale by j^ndon, audion made, then, and in such cafe, such audioneer (hall, and to 

he is hereby permitted and reqifired to deliver in his account of deliver in hit such sake, within six weeks after every such sale, at the said account of any chief office of excise in London, and to the person appointed to [aj5 lh€c?jr receive the same, and (lull at the same time, deliver to the ah, whh'u»cfix /ame potion, a true copy of the notice apd of the catalogue wc«kt after C X 2 by such sale, dc 

306 Anno decimo nono Georgii III g.56. [1779. 

liver it amhe by him before delivered to the said oollector, and if any such London 0 au<^*onecr foal I negiecl to deliver such copy of the Taid notice on on. ar Itlc catalogue, every auctioneer offending therein (hall for each offence, forfeit and iofe the fnm of twenty pounds. 

If the Tale by XL And whereas it may sometimes happen that jales at aufiicnof auction of any ejlates or goods may be rendered null and void by reason that the eitate, C per fin, for whofi benefit the same shall be sold, had no title to, or no 

fhaij be ren r^yt t0 ^jp0j'e Qf tfo same. be it further enacted by the authoirty owing to a de aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one te&ive title, thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any sale by auction the auctioneer, of any estate, goods, or chattels, (hall be rendered void,, by ^lain^o^he™ rea^on late per^on fr whose benefit the same was sold had co^miflionert no ntle to the same, cr no right to dispose thereof, then, and in of excise, or every foch cafe, it rtiall and may be lawful for the auctioneer, jnftices of who paid the duty for the things fo sold, or for the person for 

peace; whose benefit the same was fo sold, to lay his, her, or their 

complaint before the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace, whithin whose jurisdiction respectively such sale was who (hall hear made; and the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the and deter peace, respectively, upon such complaint to them made, by or minet e ame, Qn ^ behalf of such auctioneer, or by or on the behalf of the person for whose benefit the same was sold, (hall, and are required to hear and determine a) such complaints, and examine the witnesses upon oath which (hall be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties; which oath they have hereby power to administer; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party fo complaining of so much of his, her or their respective payments, as (hajl be fo made out before them to have been overpaid;; thing in this statute to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Whereowners. XII Provided also, and it is hereby enafied by the authority bfd^lfemfclves af°re*ai^> That in cafe the real owner of any estate, goods, or or employ * effefls, put up to sale by way of au&ion, (hall become the pur others to bid chaser, by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any tor thrm. an other person on his behalf, or for his use, at such sale, without the duties X rau or c°nufi6n, then, and in such cafe, the respective com b/madevc ° nniflioners of excise in Great Britain, and such collectors, fii cordingly; pervifors, and other officers of excise, as are hereby respectively authorised, within their respective collections and diftfich, to receive the said duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties arising by this act upon such bidding 5 provided notice be given to the auctioneer before such bidding, both by the owner and the person 

provided notice be given to the auttio 

near that such intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the uerlons are to former, and having agreed accordingly to bidat, the sale for the bid for the use an(j behoof of the seller; and provided such notice be verified owners, Stc. ^ oath Qf the au&ionccri as also the fairness and reality of 

the said transaction, to the bed of his knowledge and belief; and in cafe any dilute (hail arise whether fucb purchase by the owner was not made by collusion, or .in order to tefien the full a ' Jinn 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.56. 307 

sum appointed by this aft to be paid, or concerning the fairness of such transaction, then, and in such cafes, the proof thereof (hall lie upon the person acting as auftioneer; and on failure therein, or in cafe of arty unfair practice, then no such allowance (hall be made as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Certain aafti 

the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this aft contained (ball oa.8 1"djich 

extend to any sale or falcs, by way of auction, of estates or 

chattels, made by any rule, order, or decree, of his majesty’s court of chancery, or of exchequer in England, before the matter in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the said,, of exchequer 5 or by any order or decree of the courts of great fefiion$ in Walts, or by any order or decree of the court of fefiion or exchequer in Scotland respectively; or to any such sales made by the east-india company, or the Hudson's Bay company \ or by order of his majesty’s commissioners for the duties of customs or excise;; by order of the board of ordnance, or commissioners of the navy or viftualling offices; nor to the Cite by auction of any goods distrained for rent, or for nonpayment of tithes; anything herein before to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XIV Provided also. That nothing in this aft contained Not (hall extend to any auction to be held, on the account of the granting lord or lady of any manor, for the granting any copyhold or copyhold or customary messuages, lands, or tenements, lor the term of a cuftonuuy life or Jives,, or any number of years; or to any auction to be, an<b> C for the letiing or clemigng any messuages, lands, or tenements, for the term of a life or lives, or any number of years, 

to be created by the person or persons on whose account such auction (hall be held; or to the sale or Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any coptraft relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the same, or to the sale of any materials used in the working of such mines or quarries respectively;; to the sale of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufaftured produce of land; fo as such sale or feles of wood?, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, 'cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilst they continue on the lands producing the same, and by the owner or owners of such lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, such mines or quarries respectively, or by his or their steward or agent, stewards or agents; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XV Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Neither this authority aforesaid. That nothing in this or in the said ercited nor the act contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge expend to any with the said rate or duty, any estate, goods, or chattels, sold fajc uncjer a Y at auction, under the authority of any (heriff or under (heriff, (heriff s ati for the benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had ^horiv for ttc or obtained; or any estate or effects of bankrupts, sold by order 

of the assignee or aflignccs under any commission of bank effcftiofbank> 

X 3 ruptcy i rupts sold by 

yo Anno decimo nono Georgii IIL C 56. [17*79. 

order of aflig ruptcy; or any goods imported into this kingdom, by way of neci, C merchandise, from any British colony or plantation in etmeriea> the same being of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the laid colonies or plantation, on the first (ale of such goods, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at the port of importation, fo as such sale be made within twelvemonths after such goods (hall be fo imported; nor to any (hips, or other tackle, apparel, and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as prize, which (hall be sold in this kingdom, by or for the benefit of the captors thereof; nor to charge with the said rate or duty any fhtps or goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the coaas of this kingdom, and sold by au&ion for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be sold, free of duty, to defray the charges of salvage; nor to charge with the said rate or duty any goods damaged by fire, and sold by order of and for the benefit of the insurers of such goods; nor to fafes jna.de by trustees chosen in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. Ah a8 for rendering tie payment of the creditors of infobent debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the diligence of the Uw by arrejlment and poinding 5 and for extending the privilege of bills to promiffiry notes; and for limiting aq'nms upon bills and promissory notes; in that part af Great Britain called Scotland 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

After July 5, XVI And for the better and more effc&ual preventing frauds *779, aoftio which may be practised by audtioneers selling estates, goods, or chattels, under the authority of Iheriffs, or their under (heriffs, seized bv or un(^cr the order and direction of the assignees under gny a sheriff in ex commission of bankruptcy; be it further enacted by the au ecution, (hall thority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth day of enumerate the July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every fhcwtin'the who (hall fell atau&ion any estates, goods, or chat 

catalogue to tels, that have been seized by any (heriff or under sheriff, or by be delivered their authority, and by them, or cither of them, taken for th benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had and cemfiedbythc Gained, (hall specify and enumerate, in the catalogue by him (heriff, C to be delivered under the dire<5tions of this adl, as well the particular 

estates and effects to be sod, and alio theexadf sum to be levied under such execution; and the iheriff or under (heriff rcfpe&ively (hall, arid they are hereby required to fubferibe and sign every such catalogue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the estates, goods, and effe£b in such catalogue rcfpeiftively specified and enumerated, were realy and truly the property of the person against whom such judgement was had and obtained, and that the same, and evesy part And av&io thereof, were actually seized in execution of the same judge ween employ men*• and every au&ionecr who (hall be employed, by rhe ttfe&s at any assignees under any commission of bankruptcy, to sell the effect baakrupt, Dall of any bankrupt, (hall likewise specify and enumerate in the 

catalogue 

1779*1 Anno dcdrtio nxmo Georgii III r. 56. 

3*9 

catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular enumerate the goods and cffe&s then to be sold, and the aflignces, or the assignee, if only one under such commission, (hall, and he and jj^fonsfiws^ they is and are hereby required to fubferibe and sign such cata which (hall be logue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the certified by the estates, goods, chattels, and effects, in such catalogue respectively a^gnees. Sec• specified and enumerated, were really and truly the property of the said bankrupt at the time of suing forth the said commission;; respective catalogue, fo signed and certified as aforesaid, (hall be produced by every such auctioneer, to the person to whom such auctioneer is by this act directed to deliver his account, before such auctioneer (hall be permitted 

to pafs his account, or to have the same allowed: and if such £cn?ie5r#on — .... rr' ' lh*n “>occ. C 

or 

sheriff, under (hcriff, assignee, or aflignecs rcfpc&ively, shall who 

insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted, in any such catalogue fliallfufferany foto be fubferibed, signed, nd certified, as aforesaid, any estate, estate, C to goods, chattels, or effects whatsoever, other than such as were n 

realy and truly the property of the debtor or debtors, bankrupt which was^not or bankrupts, as aforesaid, respectively 5 or if any sheriff or under the property Iheriff (hall omit or neglect to certify on such catalogue'thc true of the debtor sum to be levied, or (hall certify thereon any false sum to be * levied, then, and in every such cafe, the party offending (hall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds. 

XVII Atid be it further enabled by the authority afordaid, au&ionecrs That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand employed to seven hundred and seventy nine, every auctioneer who shall be employed to sell any goods damaged by fire, sold by order of, benefit and for the benefit of, the insurer or insurers of such goods, oftheinfuren, shall specify and enumerate, in the catalogue to be by him de hallenume ^ livered as aforesaid, the panicular goods then to be sold, and rate the parti the insurers, or the insurer, if only one, shall, and he and they j^cthe' is and are hereby required to fubferibe and sign such Catalogue, which1mall & and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the goods certified by n such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were lhc infor*** really and truly sold for the benefit of such rnfuter or insurers; which catalogue, fo signed and certified as aforesaid, (hall be produced by every such auctioneer, to the person to whom such auctioneer, is by this ad, to deliver his account, before fudh auctioneer (hall be permitted to pafs his account, or to have the same allowed: and if such insurer or insurers rerpeftively (hall Penalty on in insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted, in any such catalogue £jrf.ri ho foto be fubferibed, signed, and certified as aforesaid, any gootfc be^nferted in whatsoever other than such as were really and truly to be sold catalogue any for the benefit of him or them as aforesaid;; if any insurer ot good other inforers (hall omit or neglect to certify On such catalogue the than fucav.. true particular of the goods to be sold; then, and in every such for their bene cafe, the party offending (hall, for every foch offence refpec* fit, See. tiyely, forfeit and lofc the sum of twenty pounds. 

XVIIL And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, £e®afl, ea aod That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed ny this sdt, bear 

x4. (hall 

3 io Anno decimo nono Georgii HI. C 57^58. [ 1779. 

covered and (hall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, applied. means, and methods, as<any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, isor may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis ma jefty’s court of records at Wefirmnfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced,) (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover inform, or sue for the same. 

CAP. LVII 

An act for the better providing of a maintenance for the Vicar of the parish of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry. 

CAP. LVIII 

An act for preserving the navigation of the river Lee, in the counties' Hertford, Eflfex, and Middlesex. 

Preamble. TI7H ER E A S by on aft of parliament, made in the twelfth VV year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second fc®clta! offor afeertaining, preserving, and improving, the navigation of aft 12 Geo. a. t^c rjver jr from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said river, from the said town of Ware, to the newotu or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of londoh; and for other purposes therein mentioned; the governor and company of the new river, in conftderation of a quantity of water fupptied out of the said river Ltt, for the use of the said new river, are dtrefted to pay to certain trujlees appointed in and by the said aft, for the care and management of the navigation of the river Lee, two annual ferns of money, amounting together to the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds, to be applied in preserving and improving the navigation of and 7. Geo. the said river Lee: And whereas, by an act made in the jeventb year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames, and for extending the said navigation to the flood gaj$s belonging to the town mill, in the said town of Hertford; certain persons therein named, together with the trujiees appointed in or by virtue of the said act of the twelfth year of his late Majesty, were appointed trujlees for putting the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty in execution, and diverse powers and authorities are given, and granted to the said trujlees, for making, extending, improving and maintaining, the said navigation, and for making and maintaining certain new cuts or canals to communicate with the said river Lee; and by the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, the said annual sum of three hundred and fifty pounds is vefied in the said trustees, together with certain rates and duties thereby granted, for the purposes of the said afts; and the said navigation hath been completed for several years, and is found beneficial to the public: and whereas the said trustees have charged.the rates or duties, and other moneys arising by virtue of the said afts, with the 

payment 

t 

1 

i 

1779*1 Anno decimd noh xseoftcfri HI. CL 5?. 3 *' 

payment of the principal sum of forty four thousand three hundred pounds, and also with the payment of annuities (or the lives of certain perfms, to the amount of three thousand four hundred pounds, or thereabouts; and there will be likewise due to several persons for arrears of inter eft, annuities rents, compenfatibns, and pur chase of lands, and far workmen's bills, and other annual expense s'of carrying on the said navigation, at Mid fu miner ncxt9 the sum often thousand six hundred pounds, or thereabouts: and whereas the money arifmg by virtue of the said atts is not sufficient to pay and discharge the inter eft of the said principal moneyy and also to pay the said annuities? and other moneys, due and owing as aforesaid; and unless some additional rates and duties are allowed to be collected upon the said navigation several persons who have lent and advanced money upon the credit of the said afts will Be very great fujferers9 and the navigation of the said river will be totally lofl9 to the great detriment of the public; wherefore in order to prejerve the said navigation, and for relief of the said several annuitants, and other creditors; may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and bv the authority of the same, ( 

That, from and after the Monday fevennight next after pafling n, etniftcc» of this ad, there (hall be paid, at such place and places, and in authorised to such manner and proportions, as hcrcin after mentioned, to the collect the fol colledor or colledors appointed by the said trustees, or any fe,, vcn or more of them, by all and every person and persons who (hall carry or convey any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatsoever, up or down the said river, or the said cuts or canals, (over and above the rates and duties payable by virtue of the said ad of the Seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty)) several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say) 

For every tonne of malt palling through King's Wcir9 or the additional * lock nearest thereto, the sum of one (hilling and threepence; rate. and pafling through Newman's Weiry or the lock nearest thereto, (the rates and duties for the same not having been paid at King's jveir9 or the lock nearest thereto, as aforeiaid,) the sum of eleven - pence; and pafling through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the said bridge, (the rates and duties for the same not having been paid at King's Weir or Newman's Weir, or the locks nearest the said weirs, as aforesaid)) sum of five pence; and pafling on any part of the cut between Bromley Lock and the river Thames, (the rates and duties not having been paid for the same above Bromley Lock aforesaid)) sum of twopence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne : 

For every tonne of flour that (hall be carried or conveyed through King's Weir aforesaid, or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fourpence halfpenny 5 and through Newman's Weir or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fourpence halfpenny; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the said bridge, the sum of threepence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne : 

For 

Additional rates to be a security for iftoney due on the credit of the former as. 

The rates to be reduced in certain proportions as the annuities fall in. 

Anno decimo nopo Georqii IH. C 58. [« 779. 

For every ehaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, carriod or con veyed through Newman s lveir9 or the lock nearest the same, the sum of pence \ and through Lee Bridge aforesaid, or any lock in the laid cut below the said bridge, the sum of seven pence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a chaldron : 

For every tonne of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatsoever, that (hall be carried or conveyed through king’s ivcir^ or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fixpeacc; and through newman’s Weir or the lock nearest the same, the sum of sixpence; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the said cut below the said bridge, the sum of threepence; and between Bromley Lock and the Thames the sum of twopence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne; 

For every pleasure boat which tliall pafs through any of the said locks or places, or on the (aid cut between Bromley Lock and the Thames, the sum of oue (hilling; and for every empity boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, patfing along the said cut from Bromley Lock towards the Thames, after having delivered any lading for which the said rates and duties (hall not have been paid, or palling along the said cut from the river Thames towards Bromley Locky and not having been to deliver any lading for which the rates and duties (hall have been paid, the sum of five (billings: 

Which (aid additional rates and duties hereby granted, (hall be collected, levied, and recovered, by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as the rates and duties granted by the said adi of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty can or may, by virtue thereof, be collected, levied, and recover ed, and as if the additional rates and duties hereby granted were inserted in the body of the said adt; and the same (hall be applied to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, as the. rates and duties granted by the (aid adfc are thereby directed to be applied. 

II And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid. That the said additional rates and duties herein before granted, are hereby declared to be a security for the payment of all the principal moneys borrowed and due as aforesaid, and all interest due. and to become due for the same, and also for the payment of the several annuities granted and now payable as aforesaid, and of all other moneys whatsoever due and owing on the credit of the said former acts; and the several persons entitled thereto (hall have the same powers and remedies for the recovery thereof, out of the rates and duties hereby granted, as are by the said recited aft given for the recovery of any money chaiged upon the rates and duties thereby granted. 

III Provided always, and be it further caa&ed by the authority aforesaid. That from time to time, as the annuities granted by the said trustees (hall fall in, the rates and dutiee hereby granted, (hall be reduced, in the proportions'following; (that il to say) when the said annuities ihajj be reduced to two thousand 

four 

*779-3 Anno dedmo none Geqrgii III C 5?. 313 

four hundred pounds, no more than three fourth parts of the rates and duties hereby granted (hall be demanded or taken; and when the said annuities (lull be reduced to one thousand four hundred pounds, no more than one half of the said rates and duties (hall be demanded or taken; and that when the said annuities (hall be reduced to four hundred pounds, no more than one fourth part of the said rates and duties (hall be demands ed or taken; anything in this aft contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

IV And whereas ashes, breeze, and other materials used in mating All ashes, tricks, are frequently conveyed upon the said river, under the pretence breeze, and of being for manuring of land, whereby the payment of the rates and 

duties are evaded; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore nl^ ^ * (aid. That all ales, breeze, and other materials and things fabjt&teifc* which (hail not be used for manuring of land, (hall he liable to ratwi the payment of the like rates and duties as are by the (aid recited aft of the seventh year of the reign of his present Mqefty, and this aft, granted for any goods, wares, merchandizes, and com modifies, (except coals, culm, or cinders;) and it shall and may he lawful for the collector or collectors appointed by the (aid trustees, or any five or more of them, to demand, collect, and recover the (aid rates and duties for all such ashes, breezy, and other materials and things, as (uch collector (hall havereafon to apprehend are not intended to be used for manuring of land, in such manner, and by the same ways and means, as the rates and duties herein before granted can or may be demanded, col jested, and recovered; anything in the said former aft to the contrary notwithstanding. 

V Provided nevertheless. That in cafe it (hall afterwards be but if used for 

made appear to such collector, that the ashes, breeze, or other manure, the materials or things for which the said rates and duties (frail have b.c.. 

been paid as aforesaid, were for the manuring ofland, that then 

She rates and duties fo paid (hall be returned by such collector to the owner or owners of such allies, breeze, or other materials or things, or his or their agents or servants, upon demand. 

VI And, for the better ascertaining the tonnage of timber Every lading 

and wood, to be charged with the payment of the rates or duties, 

granted by the said recited aft, and this aft; be it enacted and ac^oes!^ declared by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any boat, 5 barge, lighter, or other vefltl, navigated upon the said river, 

cuts, or canals, (hall be laden with timber or wood only, such lading (hall, for the purposes of the said recited aft of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of this aft, be deemed twenty-five tonnes, although the same may aftualiy be a greater or less quantity; anything in the laid recited aft, or in this aft, or any usage or custom, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding 

....... f ... So much of 

VII And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, tj, e former That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one aft as re thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, (o much of the said quires fteerf tecited aft of the fpventb year of the reign of his present Mai bifu of bd' 

'ing, repealed. 

Owner of goods, or perions delivering any on their behalf, (hall give bills of lading to the fteerfmen, who are to 

Jiroduce the ame to the collectors of the tolls. 

Penalty on neglect, call 

vetfels to be marked with graduated figures denoting their burden on penalty of $1. 

Anno decimo nonogeorgii III C 58. [177(7. 

jefty, as requires persons having the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to give an account in Writing, as therein is mentioned, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which (hall be in back boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and also of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, Wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which (hall have been discharged or taken out of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, before the arrival thereof at the place where such account is' to be given, andaa inflicts any penalty on such persons for not giving such account or forgiving a false account, (hall be, and is hereby repealed; * 

VIII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand<feven hundred and seventy nine, the owners of, or persons fehing any goods, wares, or merchandise, or any person who (hall deliver any 'goods, wares, or merchant dize, on account of such owners or persons selling the same, on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to be carried or conveyed upon the said river, cuts, or canals, (hall, and are hereby required to give a true account, in writing under their refpecfivc hands, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of all iiich goods, wares, and merchandise, to the steersman or other pec (on having the care, charge, or management of the boar, bwrgc^ lighter, or other vessel, on board of which such goods, wares, or merchandise (hall be delivered, together with the date of the delivery thereof; and the said steersman or other person (hall produce the said account to the collector or collectors of the (aid rates or duties, and deliver a true copy thereof to every such collector 5 and in cafe any such steersman or other person (hau not produce such account, and deliver a copy thereof as aforesaid, every such steersman or other person (hall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and in cafe any such steersman or other person (hall produce a false account to any fuoh collector or collectors as aforesaid, the person who (halt have signed fuoh false account (hall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds. 

IX And, for the better enabling the collectors of the said rates^er ditties to judge of the truth of the accounts of lading to be produce edas aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all boars, barges, lighters, and other veftds* which (hall be navigated upon the said river, cuts, or canals, (hall be painted or marked, in three different places on each fide thereof, with graduated figures or marks, of proper dimensions, at such distances, and upon such parts of the boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, as the said trustees, or any five or more o them, (hall order, under the direction of some proper and skilful person; and fo from time to time, as occasion (hall require; and the same (hall at all times be kept fo marked, in a plain and legible manner; and that, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; if any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, (hall be navigated upon the said river, 

cuts. 

1779*] Anno decimo nemo Georgii III C 58. 315 

cuts, or canals, not being painted or marked in a plain and legible manner as aforesaid, according to the true intent and .meaning of this ad, the owner, or person having the care, charge, or management, of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, (hall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds. 

( X And whereas it might tend te the better execution of the aid So much of incited afts, and this aft, if the said trustees were obliged ta bald forer more than one general meeting in every year; be it therefore enact miftees CD by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing to meet 00 of this ad, so much of the said recited ad of the seventh year the first mon of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs a general meet day Jn June. ing of the trustees to be held on the first Monday in June in y'rcpaar*' every year, and notice to be given thereof, (hall be, and is hereby repealed. 

XL And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any mcefi, s five or more of them, (hall hold a meeting for carrying the pur ofthetruttecs. poses of the said recited ads, and this ad, into execution, at, the sign of the Rose and Crown, at Enfield Highway, in the parish of Enfield, in the said county of Middlesex, upon the Monday ie vcnnight after the passing this ad, and may adjourn such meeting from time to time, previous to their first general meeting, 

(to be held as herein after mentioned,) as they (hall think proper; and that the said trustees, or any live or more of them. Three gene shall hold three general meetings in every year, at or within the respective times and places herein after mentioned; (that is year" to say) in the town of Hertford, upon the last Monday in July,, 7 * 

or within six days afterwards; in the parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the said county of ejfex, on the last Monday in October, or within six days afterwards; and in the city of London, on the last Monday in January, or within six days afterwards; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, (hall, at such respective general meetings, appoint the day, and the house or place (being within the respective times, and at the respective places, aforesaid) upon and at which their then next general meet at which they ing (hall beholden; and the clerk to the said trustees for the (hril«udit and time being (hall, at such respective general meetings, lay before counts and the trustees then afiembled, a full state of the accounts relative caufe*n ab to the excution of the said recited ads, and this ad, up to such ftradthereof of the days following, videlicet, midsummer day, michaelmas day, t0 he made, and cbrijlmas day, as (hall happen next before the day of hold book of ing such respective meetings, in order that the same may be au }^eir proceed dited and fettled; and the said trustees, at such general meetings, ing*. are hereby required to examine and pafs the said accounts; and after the same (hall be examined and passed, an abstract thereof (hall be made out, and signed by five or more of the said trustees, and the same (hail be fairly entered in the book of proceedings of the said trustees; and all persons interested in the said navigation may, at all convenient times, have a copy of such abstract, upon paying to the clerk to the said trustees the sum of two (billings and sixpence; and in cafe the said trustees (hall not settle and pafs the said accounts at any such general 

meeting. 

uooqle 

two several meetings m every year. No money Co be borrowed till the accounts are fettled. Securities for money borrowed, and annuities 

E 

ranted to valid 

3 i 6 Anno decimo hdrto oiorfcii III C 58. [ 1779. 

meeting, then such meeting shah be adjourned to the seventh day then net following, and fo from time to time, until the said accounts shall be fettled and passed, and an abstract thereof made and flgried as aforesaid;; after the said accounts (ball be completed as aforesaid, the (aid trustees may adjourn such re fpetfive meetings to such place and time, previous to the time of holding their next general meeting, as the said trustees; or any five or more of them, (hall think proper. 

Uter 1 yean, XII Provided nevertheless, that after the expiration of taro be trtjttee* y*ar$ from the passing 0f this a, the said trustees fibril be ob 

acconats at *‘gcc* t0 examine and settle the said accounts at two aft leafiof 

the said three general meetings in every year, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

XIII Provided also, That no money (hall be borrowed by the said trustees, until the said accounts (hall have been fettled, and entered as aforesaid. 

XIV And whereat doubts they arise touching the validity if fern of the securities granted by the said trufites; to obviate such doubts, and tofecure the froeral creditors who have, bona fide, lent and Advanced their money for the pnrpofes of the aid navigation 5* be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several principal films of money solent and advanced to the said trustees, and the annuities granted by them, (hall be, and they are heroby re fpedtively declared to be charged upon the ra*es or duties granted and made payable by the said recited of the fevciwh year df the reign of his present Majesty, and also upon the rates or duties by this ai granted and made payable; and that the federal fecutities given and granted for the payment thercefy are hereby declared to be valid and effectual in the law, to alt in tettts and purposes. 

XV And whereas deubts have arifeii touching the power ef eke said trustees to pay off any particular securities for money at kitareft already granted, in cafe they find it netfjjary foto do; be it therefore enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it Anil and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any (even or more of them, from time to time, as they (hall think proper, to pay off any of the principal money borrowed and due upon the credit of the said rates and duties; provided three calendar months notice thereof, at the least, (hall be given in writing, signed by them, to the person or persons entitled to the money foto bw paid Off, and of the day and place at ahd upon which such money will be paid; and in cafe the securities given for such money (hall not be produced at the time and place to be mentioned in such notice, and, upon tender of the principal money, and all interest then due thereon, (hall not be delivered up to the said trustees, or to their clerk, that then the interest of all such principal money (hail from thenceforth cease, and be no longer paid or payable. 

XVI Provided nevertheless, That the principal moneyed respect Whereof such notice (hail be given, and also the hitereft for the same up to the time mentioned in such ndtiec for the payment 

Trustees im powered to pay off aoy principal money now due; 

giving three months notice. 

Proviso 

3*7 

1779*1 Anno dedmo nonogborgii III 0.58. xnenl thereof, (hall still remain due and payable, until the same (hall be received by the peribn entitled to the feme. 

XVII Provided always, and be it further ehadted and declar All moneys CD by the authority aforesaid, That all payments to be made, former and also the moneys due and owing on the credit of the said 

former as, (hall be payable as well out of the rates and duties charged upon created by this adt, as out of the rates and duties created by the the present said former as, in the like course of payment, and with the and fame priority, and with the like remedies for recovery thereof, r***>*c' as are directed in and by the said former ads; anything in this ad to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustees not That no annuity or annuities (hall hereafter be granted upon to grant any the credit of the rates and duties authorised to be collected by annuities for ▼iitue of the said recited ad of the seventh year of the reign oflhc *uturc# his present Majesty, or by this ad; anything in the ftid recked 

ad to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

XIX And be it further enacted, That no money (hall here n0 money to after be borrowed upon the credit of the rate and duties autho be hereafter zifed*o be collected on the (aid river, or any of them, unless borrowed, un twenty onc trustees at the least (hall be present, and shall concur ^vfh^con therein, and uni eft seven of such trustees dial! be resident in the Cur therein; laid county of h$rtford9 seven within the said county of ejfex% 

and seven within the (aid county of Middlefix and city of London, or one of them; and that no (uch money (hall be fo borrowed, but at a meeting to be held for that purpose; of which meeting one calendar month’s notice at the least (hall be given in ibene of the public ncwfpapera circulated in the said counties, at least three times before the borrowing any such money; anything in the said recited ad of the seventh year of the retga f his present Majesty to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

XX Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared. That and then mm no more than the sum of twenty thousand pounds, over andvmor#(tj1, < above the said sum of forty-four; houfend three hundred pounds, '*°, 0#0 * principal money, already charged on the said rates, (half hereafter be borrowed on the credit of the said former ad, or this 

present ad; anything in the said former ad, or this ad, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. 

XXI Provided ncverthelcfs, and it is hereby enacted and de Trustees id 

<clared by the authority a sore fa kl, That it (hall and may be law thori'ed to full for the said trustees, or any (even or more of them, if they J 

think sir, at the request of any person or persons to whom any 

arrears of interest, or any arrears of annuities, (hall, on the arrears of intwenty fourth day of June, one thotrfend seven hundred and tcrefl and an seventy nine, be due and owing on the credit of the said rates nuidei&c* or duties, to aftign over the said rates or duties, or any part thereof, for securing the payment of alt such arrears, together with interest for the same; and all such assignments (half be good, valid, and effectual in the law, for the payment of thb money thereby fedured, and' all interest to grow due for the feme, any thiqg hereinbefore confined ta the contrary hereof 

in 

locks, near the places of collection, shut; and not to suffer any vessel to pals till the rates are paid. 

Penalty on neglea. 

3} $ Anno dcpmo aciao g^orgii III C 58. f 1779. 

in any wise notwithstanding: provided also. That the sum for which the (aid rates and duties (hail be assigned, as herein before mentioned, (hall be conttrued and taken to be part of jthe sum of twenty thousand pounds, which the trustees are authorised to raise by virtue of this a6v. 

Colledor* re XXII And, in order to prevent any wajie of water at arty of the tnegates at or near e p^ces appointed for collecting the said rates or 

duties, and for the better collection thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the colie&ors of the said rates or duties (hall, and are hereby authorised and required, at all times hereafter, to keep the gates of the locks, at or near the feverai places appointed for colleding the said rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, fo as not to suffer any unnecessary watte of water through the same, (except only at such times, and for fo long as (hall be necessary for boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, to pafs through such locks, and in times of flood;) and no boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, (hall be differed to pafs through any such lock until the whole rates or duties authorised to be collected (hall be paid to such colledor; and in cafe any colledor (hall not keep the gales of the lock, at or near the place where he (hall be appointed to collect the said rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, fo as not to suffer any unnecessary watte of water through the same, or if such colledor (hall permit or differ any boat, barge, or lighter, or other vessel, to pafs through any such lock as aforesaid, before the full rates or duties which ought to be collected (hall have been paid, every such colledor offending in either of the cafes aforesaid (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty (billings. 

XXIII And) for the more effectual preventing the wale of water in any of the said cuts or canals, to the prejudice of any mill, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any of the locks or other works made or erected, or to be made or erected, by the said trustees, (hall be out of repair, and any mill (hall be prejudiced thereby, then, and in every such cafe, upon notice thereof in writing, given by the occupier of such mill to the surveyor to the said truttees, such surveyor is hereby required forthwith to infped into and confider the same, and report such notice, and his opinion thereof, to the said trustees, at their next meeting; and the said truttees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and are hereby required, at their said next meeting, to take the same into consideration, and as soon as may be to cause such locks and works to be put into good and sufficient repair, fo as to prevent the watte of water as afcye said; and in cafe such surveyor (hall refuse or neglect to infped into and survey such defied or want of repair in any of the said locks or other works, or make such report as aforesaid, he (hall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than forty (billings. 

XXIV And be it further enacted. That no steersman, or other person having the care, charge, or management, of any 

boat, 

Trustees to keep the locks and works in repair, to prevent waste f water. 

Persons navigating vef 

1779 } Anno decimo ftono gfiorgii III c.58. 319 

boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, upon the (aid river, cuts, fcls required or canals, and parting with such boat, barge, lighter, or other to (hut the "vessel, through any lock upon the said river, cuts, or canals, upper gates (hall suffer the water to remain in the lock longer than is northeast jjj ceflary for such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to pafs C 

through the same; and that every such steersman, or other per parted, except fon, in going down the said river, cuts, or canals, (hall (hut (b™e other the lower gates of such lock before he (hall draw the doughs of * ** the upper gates thereof; and after he (hall have brought such lg * boar, barge, lighter, or othfc'r vessel, into the said lock, (hall (hut close the upper gates before he (hall draw the doughs of the lower gates thereof; and in going up the said river, cuts, or canals, (hall, fo soon as he (hall have parted with such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, out of the said lock, (hut the upper gates of the said lock, and afterwards draw the doughs of the lower gates, unless there (hall be then a boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, in sight from the said lock, coming down the said river, cuts, or canals, in which cafe the lower gates of the said lock (hall be left (hut, and the upper gates (hall be left open; and every'perfon, who (hall not aft agreeable to the directions herein before mentioned, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any furil not exceeding forty (billings. 

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. So much of 

That so much of the said recited aft of'the seventh year of the lhc former 

reign of his present Maieftyl as requires the owners of boats, s requires the, b. r .J J rr 1; r • ] names to be 

barges, lighters, or other vessels, to cause their names, and put on the 

also the names of theftecrfmen, or other persons having the care bowsofvtflel*, 

or charge of such boats, barges, lighters, or other vessels, and repealed. 

their respective places of abode, to be placed and seton the 

upper part of the bow on both (ides of such boats, barges, 

lighters, or other vessels, and as inflitfs a penalty for default 

therein, (hall be, and is hereby repealed. 

XXVI Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, 

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou of fand seven hundred and seventy nine, the owner or owners of owners and every b: at, barge, lighter, or other vessel, palling upon the fteerfmento said river, cuts, or canals, (hall cause his, her, or their name or be put on the names, and also the name of the steersman, or other person having the care or charge of every such boat, barge, lighter, or C * other vessel, and their respective places of abode, to be placed and fet at full length, in white letters upon a black or dark ground, such letters to he four inches long, and of a proportional breadth, and made on some conspicuous part*of the stern of every such boar, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and to be kept at all times plain and legible; and in cafe any boat, barg, on penalty of lighter, or other vessel, (hall, at any time after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thopfand seven hundred and seventy nine, be navigated on the said river, cuts, or canals, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and also the name of the steersman, or other personas aforesaid, and also their respective places of abode, placed and seton the stern of every Vol xxxifc. Y, such 

n 

Penalty rn floating 6f timber. 

Penalty on persons assaulting the colledors, or obltru&ing them in their duty. 

Proviso. 

Tottenham mill ft ream to be used as part of the navigation for ever, subject to a certain annual payment. 

Anno decimo nono Qeorgij III C 58. [ 1779. 

such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and keep plain and legible, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; or if any steersman or other petfon shall cover or conceal the same, or use any means whaifoever to prevent any person from reading the lame; every person offending in any of the cafes aforesaid (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of live pounds. 

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (ball, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, float, or cause any timber to he floated, upon the said river, cuts, or canals, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty (billings for every time he or they shall float, or cause any timber to be floated, upon the said river, cuts, or canals. t, 

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaijl,, That if any person shall assault, interrupt, or obstruct any cou lector, or other person employed by the said trufttes, or any five or more of them, in colleding the said rates or duties, or otherwise in the execution of his office, every such person (hall, for tvery foch offence, forfeit and pay any lum not exceeding forty (billings, nor less than ten (billings. 

XXIX Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any such collector, of other person, having his remedy, for any such offence,; ip any of his majesty’s courts of law, by action, indidment, or otherwise. 

XXX And whereas a attain navigable Jlream or cut belonging to James Townfend esquire, called Tottenham Mill stream, hath been used at part of the said navigation, for the passage of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, for which the said trustees have paid to the said James Townfend the annual sum of ten pounds ten [billings; and the said James Townfend is consenting that the said Jlream or cut Should be used as part of the said navigation for ever, fubjett to the same annual rent; but the same being no part of the navigation deferibed in the said aft, the use of the said Jlrepm cannot be secured to the public, unlcf same further powers are grant? id for that purpose; be it therefore cnaded and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said stream or cut, together with a proper towing path on the west fide thereof, shall for ever hereafter be used as part of the said navigation; and that the owners of ail boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, shall have liberty to navigate along the said stream or cut, and to make use of the said towing path, in like manner as if the said stream or efit had been part of the navigation deferibed in the said ad; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and have hereby full power and authority, from time to time, to scour, cleanse, deepen, and do such other works in the said stream or cut, and repair the said towing path, as they (hall think fit, for the purposes of the said navigation, without any hindrance, molestation, or interruption, from the said James Townfend, or any person or persons who may hereafter be entitled 

> ’ to 

i 

1779-1 Annodecimo ndnogeorgii III c.58. 32 r 

to the laid stream or cut, and towing path, fo that no damage be done thereby to Tottenham mills, by preventing the water flowing to the same as it now doth. 

XXXI Provided always, That nothing herein contained Nothing to be (hall authorise the said trustees, or any of them, or any other j^^tottvn person or persons acting under their authority, to contract the am 

said stream or cut, or prevent the occupier of Tottenham mills from penning a head of water to the said mills, or to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the navigating or pa sling of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, to and from the said mills. 

XXXII Provided also, That the occupier or occupiers of The occupiers the said mills, or any other person or persons, shall not, upon „ot*to draer any account or pretence, cause the water to be let or drawn the water out of the said dream or cut, fo as to reduce the same below low a certain the height of two feet on the present fill of the waste gate of height. 

the said mills to be ascertained by a stone put down and The trustees marked for that purpose: and the said trustees are hereby re to keep the quirfed at all times to keep the gates of the lock near the said p of the stream or cut of sfn equal height with the banks of the said ftrcea^of aif mill stream at the mill head, for keeping a full head of water to e<juai height the said mills; and the said trustees shall, at all times, repair, with the and keep in good repair, the bridge built across the new cut banks; and to near the said mill stream. hc£wthc 

XXXIII And be it further enabled, That the said trustees, r g * 

or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby autho* How the rent 

rifed and required, out of any money arising by virtue of [he ufeof C 

said recited acts, and this adt, to pay, or cause to be paid, to Tottenham 

the said 'James Townfend, and the owner of the said stream or mill stream, 

cur, and towing path, for the time being, the annual rent of may **rc 

teri pounds ten shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, free covered 

and clear of and fuom all taxes and dedudiions whatsoever, on 

the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, the first payment 

to be made on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand 

seven hundred and eighty: and in cafe the said yearly rent shall 

not be paid for the space of twenty-one days next after the day 

herein before appointed for the payment thereof, that then the 

said James Tozvnfend, and the owner for the rhyme being of the 

said itream or cut, and towing path, (hall have such and the 

same remedies for recovering the same yearly rent, and all costs 

and expenses attending the recovery thereof, as are in the said 

recited adt of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty 

provided for the payment of any rents or annuities granted and 

inde payable by virtue thereof. 

XXXIV And whereas, by the said recited att of the seventh In cafe the year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said trustees are required tonn»p 

to pay to sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, wihiamwake their heirs and affgns, the Jum of one penny per tonne on all goods, and Mr. floy wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which Should be carried or aeon er, by the for veyed down the said river, through the cut or canal made from the mer ai said river, above king’s Weir, to the west toilftream of the powder V ° 

mills near Waltham Abbey : and whereas it is apprehended that, num the dtfi 

Y 2 by cicocy shall be 

d 

gaz Anno decimo nono Georgii IIT. C 58. [1779* 

made up to by laying the additional rates or duties herein before granted, their tkem by the property may be injured: be it therefore enacted and declared by Wl* the authority aforesaid, That in cafe the said sum of one penny per tonne (hall not hereafter produce to the said sir Wiliam Wake and Peter Floyer^ their respective heirs and assigns, the clear annual sum ot one hundred and sixty pounds, that then the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make up the deficiency to the said sir William Wake and Peter Flayerf their refpetfive heirs and assigns, and the same (hall be paid to the said sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their refpe&ivc heirs and assigns, at the end of every year in which any such deficiency (hall happen; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, for the space of ten days after the same (hall be due, the said sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs and assigns, (hall and may have and take such and the like powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the same, and all costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, as are in the said recited a given for recovery of the said one penny per tonne. 

The height at XXXV And whereas it would be for the benefit of the said na water tole 'vl&atim'> ttnd of certain mills, called Dicker Mills, Jituate near the kept Dicker fai^ town f Hertford, and also of certain works for supplying the Mill dream, to said town with water, belonging to the mayor and aldermen of the be afeertained said town, if the water in Dicker Mill Jlream was always, kept up by engineers. t0 a urta\n height; be it therefore enacted. That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required, within forty days next after their first meeting to be held in pursuance of this adfc, to give notice to the owner and occupier of the said mills, and to the mayor of the said town of Hertford, directing each of them to appoint an engineer, to jneet an engineer to be appointed by th said trustees, on a certain day to be mentioned in such notice, in order to examine the said mill stream, and to agree upon and settle to what height the water in the said mill stream ought to be kept up for the future, and to order and direct proper stones or posts to be fixed or setup in or on the banks of rhe said stream, and also near the said waterworks, with proper marks thereon denoting such height; and the determination of the said engineers, or any two of them, (hall be final and conclusive. 

In cafe the Paid XXXVI Provided always, That in cafe engineers ftiali not •ngincers (hall be appointed as aforesaid, or being fo appointed, (hall neglect withfn three r refu^e to or not agree therein within three calendar months after months after the day to be appointed for the meeting of the said their appoint engineers as aforesaid, that then the justices of the peace, at ment, the their general quarter fe(lions to be held for the said county of thertford * ^ertf°r^ upon application made to them for that purpose on Ihire (halkap. behalf of the said trustees, or of the owner or occupier of the point another said mills, (hall, and they are hereby required to name and ap engineer to point some able engineer to examine, settle, and determine ietdethefame. touching the matters aforesaid, and his determination (hall be final and conclusive 3 and after such determination as aforesaid, 

o the 

1779-] Anno decimo nono georgii III C 58. p3 

the said trustees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to cause such stones or ports as aforesaid to be forthwith fixed or setup, with proper marks thereon, and at such place and places as the said engineers or engineer (as the cafe may be) (hall direst, in order to denote and fix the Height to which the water in the said rtream ought to be kept up; and the said trustees (hall from time to time support and keep such stones or ports fixed, with such mark or marks as aforesaid, and all the charges and expenses attending the appointing and employing the said engineers, and also of erecting and fixing such stones or ports, and keeping and supporting the same as aforesaid, (hall be born, paid, and defrayed by the said trustees, out of'any money arising by virtue of the said former afts, or of this aft; and that after the said stones or ports (hall be fixed or fet The mills, cup, and marked as aforesaid, it (hall not be lawful for the occu when°the wa pier of the said mills, or the person having the care of the said tcr (hall be be waterworks, to suffer the said mills, or waterworks, to work, low the marks or for the person having the care of the navigation there to keep on the stones open the cistern or lock near the said mills, when the water (hail or posts be reduced below the mark or marks upon the said stones or ports; and in cafe the water within the said rtream (hall at any time be reduced below the said mark or marks, and the occupier of the said mills (hall not immediately (hut down the said mills, or the person having the care of the said waterworks (hall not immediately (hut down the said works, or the person having the care of the navigation there as aforesaid (hall not immediately (hut the said cistern or lock, fo as to raise and keep up the water to the said mark or marks, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (notice having been given to them respectively foto do), every such occupier, and other person aforesaid, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty (billings, nor less than ten (billings; and in cafe any person or persons (hall break, raise, pull up, fink Penalty on lower or destroy, or in any wise alter any of the stones or posts altering which (hail be fo fixed or setup as aforesaid, or obliterate, deface, mar**’&c# change, or alter, any letters, figures, or marks, which (hall be inferibed thereon, every such person thall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (billings. 

XXXVII Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Nothing to bo in afeerraining the height at which the water in Dicker Mill 

stream aforesaid Should be kept up for the future, or in fixing or er 

setting up any such posts or stones as aforesaid, nothing (hall be * done to the prejudice of Dicker Mills, or of the occupier thereof, or of the said waterworks, or of certain mills called Hertford Town Mills, or any occupier thereof, 

XXXVIII Provided also, That no occupier of the said mills Provlfo* called Dicker Mills, or person havihg the care of the said waterworks, (hall be subject to the penalty aforesaid, for not keeping 

the waver in bicker Mill stream up to such height as aforesaid, whenever any of the works of the said navigation, above thy 

3 tnoutfi 

324 Anna decimo nono Georgii III C 58. [ 1779. 

mouth of the cut or canal in King's Mead (hall he out of repair. 

Truftce* may XXXIX And be it further enafied by the authority afore lease the rates said. That from and after the term of five years from and alter after the end the palling of this a, the said trustees, or any seven or more ol five years. ef them, (hall have full power and authority, by writing undo: their hands and seals, to let or demise ihe rates and duties authorised to be collected upon the said river, cuts, or canals, far any term not exceeding two years at any one time, for else highest rent they can get for the same, by public bidding or otherwise, the same to be payable at such times, and under such covenants, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit, (the said trustees taking proper fecurky from the person or persons to whom the said tolls (hail be leased ' or demised, for payment of the rent or rents, and performance of the covenants) 5 which rent and rents (hall be paid to the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as they (hall appoint to receive the same, and (hail be applied and disposed of in the same manner as the said rates and duties are by the said recited aft of the.feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and this ad, directed to be applied and disposed of. 

Public notice XL Provided always. That one calendar month’s previous thereof to be notice, at the least, be given in some of the public newspapers given. circulated in the said counties of Hertford, ej/ex^ Middlesex, and 

the city of London, of the intention of the said trustees to lease or demise the said rates and duties. 

If the trustees XLI Provided also. That in cafe the said trustees (harll at any lease the tolls time let the said rates and duties, they shall, and are hereby they fhau em requirecj, during such time as the rates and duties (hall continue to°^approv” d t0 be let as aforesaid, to keep constantly employed,, at their of by sir Wii own costs and charges, some proper person, to be approved of Jiam Wake by the said sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, Flo er to take ^cir re*pe<^ve hrirs anc aligns, and such person is hereby an°account of required to take and keep an exa<5t and faithful account in the tonnage of writing of the tonnage of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, all goods pair which (hall pafs, from time to rhyme, through the said lock, fhr?agh in the cut near to King's ivrir aforesaid; and the said sir King? Weir. William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, their re fpe&ive heirs apd assigns, (hall have free liberty, from tiine to time, to infpedl such accounts, and to take copies or extracts thereof; and it Hull and may be lawful for the said lif William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, and their respective heirs and aftigns, within twenty days before the expiration of every year, to compare the same with the account kept by the lessee of the said tolls arising at King's Weir; and in cafe such lessee (hall refuse to produce his account to the said sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, and their respective heirs and assigns, for the space of ten days after notice given for that purpose, that then and in that cafe his lease (hall, at the expiration of the year, cease and determine. 

XLII pro 

kjooqle 

1779.3 Anno dccirao nono Geqrgii III C 58. 325 

XLII Provided always and be it enacted and declared by The trultccs the authority aforesaid, That the trustees appointed or elected, “ndc|[ thor who (hall hereafter be appointed or defied, by or in purfu ha?ecfull ° ance of the said ad, of the seventh year of the reign of his pre powertocarry sent Majesty, and all every or any of them (hall have full thi* ait into power and authority to ad in the execution of this present act execution, of parliament in all respects and to *11 intents and purposes as fully and effectually as if the several provisions contained in this ad were inserted in the body of the said recited ad. 

XLIII And be it further enacted. That the several penalties Penalties and and forfeitures by this ad imposed, (hall be levied and recovered forfeitures in the same manner as any penalties or forfeitures are, by the how to b.c.. said recited ad of the seventh year of the reign of his prefeat Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered, and (hall be ap plied tor the purposes of the said recited ads, and this ad. 

XLIV Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all persons ag persons who (hall think themselves aggrieved by the order or grieved may judgement of any justice or justices of the peace, upon account appeal to the of any offence committed or supposed to be committed, against this ad, may appeal to the justices of the peace for either of the said counties where the offence was committed or supposed to be committed, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held within the space of six calendar months after such cause of appeal (hall happen, the person or persons fo appealing first giving security, to the satisfaction of the said juice or justices, to profecure such appeal with effect and to pay the costs which (hall be ascertained by the laid general quarter fdfions* in cafe such order or judgement (hall be affirmed; and the justices at (uch general or quarter sessions are hereby authoriled and re quiied to hear and determine such appeal, and to make such Orders therein, and to award costs, as to them (hall appear just; which orders (half be final and conclusive to all parties, and (hall not be removed or removable, by any writ of certiorari or, orherwife, into any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivej} minjur, or elsewhere; and that no order or proceeding to be had by or before any juftirc of justices of the peace, relating to the execution of this ad, stall be quashed or vacated for want of form only. 

XLV And be it further enacted. That if any action, fuit. Limitation of or information (hail be brought or commenced against any a^ons* person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this ad every such action suit, or information (hall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the counties of Hertford, ejtex, or Middlesex and not elsewhere; and the person or persons fo sued or prosecuted may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this ad and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this ad : and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any action, fuit, or information, (hall b.c.. brought after the time before limited for bringing 

Y 4 the 

^.ooqle 

/ 

Trtblc cob. 

Expenses of this aft how to be paid. 

Public aft. 

Preamble. 

Recital of 18 Geo, 3. cap. *6. 

/ 

Anno decimo nonogborgu III c.59. [ 1779. 

the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action \ or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall 1 

have appeared, or if in any such action, fuit, or information, ' 

judgement (hall be given against the plantifif or plantitfs, the’ 4 defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods, and (hall have t such repedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit in other cafes by law. 

XLVX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all thp cods, charges, and expenses incident to and attending the obtaining and pading this aft, (hall be paid out of the first moneys which (hail be collected or received by virtue df the said former afts or this present aft. 

XLVII And be it further enacted. That this aft shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public aft; and ail judges, judices, and other persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take nptipp thereof such, without specially pleading the same. 

CAP. LIX 

An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the lost fejjion of parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending thefaid aft; and also for amending fi much of an act, made in the /eventeinth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned. 

WHEREAS, by an act, made in the lajl session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majedy certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, certain yearly rates and duties were granted upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, to be paid by the occupiets thereof; [that is to Jay), a duty of sixpence in the pound on all dwelling houses, with the household offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of five pounds, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, and of one Jhilling in he pound on till dwelling houses, with the household offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of fifty pounds and upwards \ to be ejlimated and afeertained in manner therein exprejfed: and whereas the said rates and duties do not bear a proper proportion to eaib other, and the payment thereof hath been greatly evaded we, your Majesty's mojl dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, ijt parliament affiembled, do therefore think that it vjill be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties on inhabited houses, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties on inhabited boujts herein after mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes which the said rates and dutitsy granted by the abovmentiontd afty made 

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0.59* 5*7 

in'the lajl feffton of parliaihefit, art now applicable unto; and da moji humbly be fetch your Majejiy that it may be enabled; and be it enatf ed by the kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confetti of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day July, one After July 5* thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the rates and duties ^j9«4nted" granted by the adt, made in the lad session of parliament, by the recited entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all ad to cease. inhabited bouses within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, except only such moneys as '(hall have become due in refpelt of the said rates and duties, assessed at any time on or before the said fifth day of Jufyy one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and which (hall be in arrear and unpaid. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New duties to from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven J ***** hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be charged, raised, levied * 

and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, the several * 

respective rates and duties upon all inhabited houses, with 

their appurtenances, hereinafter mentioned, by the occupiers 

thereof respectively; (that is to fay), upon and for every dwell for all iohabi. 

ing house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, ted dwelltng 

and gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, 

which now are, or hereafter (hall be, erected within the king 10/. a5year, 

dom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time bein f. in the 

(hall be, worth the yearly rent of five pounds and upwards, and Pound 1 

under the yearly rent of twenty pounds the yearly film of 

sixpence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling from 40 f fq 

house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards 2nd “the 

gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which pouo 9 

now are, or hereafter (hall be, erected within the kingdom of 

Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being Shall be, 

worth the yearly rent of twenty pounds and upwards, and 

under the yearly rent of forty pounds, the yearly sum of nine for all at 

pence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling h°uk 

inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, s ** 

herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which now afe, pound. 

or hereafter (hall be, erected within the kingdom of Great 

Britain, and which are, or for the time being Shall be, worth 

the yearly rent of forty pounds and upwards the yearly sum of 

one (hilling in the pound, to be estimated and afeertained in the 

manner in the (aid adt and this present adt expressed. 

III And be it further enadfed and declared by the authority where the aforesaid, That, in all parishes and places where the assessments afleirriients were made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of, or the/°r?ncr July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to the ^defbvthreb to the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and quarrer* of a seventy nine, at the rates preferibed by the former aa further year, a further assessment (hall be made at the same rates for one quarter, from aflrcfflrtcnt f the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and made 

seventy 1 

 1 

328 Anno dedmo nono Georgii III c.59. [1779, 

up to July 51 seventy nine, to the fifth day of July following $ and that if any, 779* rate or affcffment, at fixpende in the pound, on the value « 

Sixpenny any house and household offices therewith occupied, worth the rates on boufet yearly fom of twenty pounds and upwards, hath been, or (hall and upward ** n pursuance of the said ad for railing the said rate made for any nd duty thereby granted, for and in refpeit of the quarter, half time after July year, or any other time, after the said fifth day of July, ooe 5*.'779* thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every such rate or 

V afleflinent sofar as the same relates to the railing such rate and 

duty, in respect of such quarter, half year, or other term, after the fifth day of July, shall be null and Void. 

Assessment IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho for new duties rity aforesaid, That assessments (hall be made out for railing the tobemadeout duties by this present ad imposed, from the fifth day of jwjr, forthreequar onc thousand seven hundred and seventy hine, to the sixth jday irn^o apru*6april, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; which affeff-17801 * ments shall be certified by the afleflors, and returned by them 

to the said commissioners, on or before the tenth day of Stp» timber, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and that the surveyors (hall and may, on or before the sixteenth day of November following, certify their surcharges for railing the bid duties for the said three quarters, to the said commissioners; and that all appeals, in respect to the said three quarters assessments, (hall and may be heard nd determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy and after tbit nine, and fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred tirn* to ** and eighty; and that from and after the fifth day of Aprils one r?ualvt&c.n" t^ou^ar, d seven hundred and eighty, the said duties (hall beaf sessed annually for one whole year, to commence from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all future years the af feuments (hall be made out and certified, and the surcharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the same times as the afleflf ments, surcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the duties on houses and windows. 

coach houfrs, V And be it further enabled and declared, That every 

den$anotoc coach bouse, stable, brewhoufe, wash house, laundry, wood ceeding one house, bakehouse, dairy, and other offices, and all yards, courts, acre, to be and curtilages, and gardens, not exceeding one acre, belonging valued toge to, and occupied with, any dwelling house, chargeable to the dwelltn^lhc rates and duties imposed by this ait, (hall be valued together houfes!8 with such dwelling house, and be liable to, and charged and assessed with, the rates and duties imposed by this ait. 

If the Com VI And, for the mort effectual levying and colliding the duty rniflioners in imposed by this aft, in that part of Great Britain called England walevfliau an Wales, be it enaited and declared. That in cafe at any time neglect to ap the commissioners for putting in execution this present ait, (hall point afleflors, negleit to appoint assessors, or in cafe the afleflors by them ap c. the fur. pointed (hall negleit to perform what is required ot them, by ^rfornttlaleir t*lc feidail fefl*on of parliament, and this present aa; 

duty. that then, and in such cafe, it (had and may be lawful to and 

for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or to be appointed in 

that 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georg n III C 59. 329 

that behalf, to do and perform such and the like services as are by the said ads required froiq such assessors. 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Part of the re that that part of thetaid recited a d, whereby the comraiffio cited ad refers thereby appointed for putting the same in execution, have p pother to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the assessments to be delivered to the said commissioners, before such commissioners 

shah have fet their names to such respective assessments, testify iog their allowance thereof, (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

VIII And it is hereby further enabled, That, from and aer After July cf 

the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy i779»n° alkff nine, no assessments which (hall be made or delivered to the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, pursuant to the ™delivered to said ad, or this present ad, (hall be altered or diminithed before the com mi (Tithe time tor hearing and determining appeals, and then only oners, (hall be upon the commissioners hearing the matter of the appeal parti a^tcr?c* before cularly relating thereto, or concerning the same, upon a general ^arir^ap appeal day., peals. 

IX And whereas the said act recited, That several manufafturti, ^ fl, opl ancj trades occupationj, and callingsy necejfarily require warehouses and warehouses buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the per attached to the sins concerned therein are obliged to pay large rent) or have laid out j|wcfc jjjjii ^ confederate ferns thereony and that it might be a great hardjhip upon charged to the fetch perjons to be rated to the full extent of their respective rentsy or rare together 'tf the value of the premises abovementioned; and it was thereby with such auafted and declared, That such premises Should not be liable to the duty dwelling imp*fed by the said afty but that the assessment Should be made on the "ou C onlyy with the household office belonging to it; And 

wherea*) under colour of the said exemption, the payment of the said rate and duties hath been greatly eludedy it is therefore hereby enacted, That all (hops and warehouses, which are attached to the dwelling house, or have any communication therewith, 

(except such warehouses and buildings upon or near adjoining Exceptrhofc to wharves, which are occupied by persons who carry on the buii °* wharfin oefs of wharfingers, and who have dwelling*houfes upon the 8cra* said wharves for the refidenceof themselves or fervanrs employed Upon the said wharves, and who are to be rated in respect of the (aid dwelling houses only,) (hall be charged with the rates and duties granted by this ad, together with the dwelling house and the household and other offices thereto belonging; anything in the said recited ad to the contrary notwithstanding. 

X Provided always, and be it further cnaded by the au No warehoofe thority aforesaid, That no warehouse, being a diflind and which is a di separate building, and not part or parcel of the dwelling house tind building or (hop, but employed solely for the purpose of lodging goods, ^ ling warest and merchandise, or for carrying on some manufacture, houfeand (although the same may adjoin to, or have an internal com mu (hop, (hall be nicationwith, thedwelling house)) be charged with the rates charged with 

. and duties granted by this ad; anything therein contained to the rate the contrary notwithstanding 

• Apd 

o Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 59. *[*779. 

All inhabited XI And whereas it is declared by the said act of the lajl ftffm houses ot 5 A cf parliament That no houses hall, within the intention of that ad, ward so tic" be deemed or taken to be inhabited houses, except the same Shall be in fubjt& to the habited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the same : And whereas duties, except doubts have arisen, whether houses inhabited by persons who pay no rent such a are for the jam€ are with\n tfje meaning of the said aft; be it further cepted by*the enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all houses within the recited act. kingdom of Great Britain, of the annual value of five pounds, No house to and upwards, inhabited by any person or persons whatsoever, be deemed in (hall be subject to the duty imposed by this ad, except such as are which on? expressly excepted by the said recited ad: provided always, That onecperfon no ^oufc (hail be considered as an inhabited house in which a reside to take servant or other person only resides to take care of the same, care thereof. XII And be it further enacted ind declared. That where Where houses any house (hall be divided into different (lories or tene ferenvtcne ^ mcnls> ct n different apartments to several persons, and ments, the" subject by the said rpcited ad to the duties thereby granted ts landlord (hall if the same was inhabited by one person or family only, the be deemed the landlord or owner of every such house (hall be deemed and ta occupicr. kcn t0 the occupicr of such dwelling house, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the duties imposed by this ad; anything in the said recited ad contained to the contrary not withffanding. 

All halls and XIII And be it likewise enacted and declared by the autho officti charge rity aforesaid, That all and every hall and office whatsoever be able toother longing to any person or persons, or to any bodies politic or rates to be*corporate, that are or may be lawfully charged with the payment (ubje’ft to the of any other taxes or parish rates, (hall be subject to the duties duties granted granted by this ad, and (hall berefpedivelycharged as inhabited by this aft. houses within the true intent and meaning of this ad; and the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, to whom the same (hall belong, (hall be charged and assessed as the occupiers t thereof. 

Commission XIV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ers tobefworn aforesaid. That no person (hall presume to ad as a commissioner before they jn the execution of the said recited ad, or of this present ad, or ad^mhe** Part x^c bd°re recited a of the seventeenth year of 

recited ads. his present Majesty as relates to the granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, until he hath sirs taken (besides the oaths required to he taken by any other ad or ads of parliament) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers) made and lubfcribed his solemn affirmation, in the following manner: 

The oath. AB. do swear, (or affirm as the cafe may require,) That 1 * will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commrj/tonery and will determent upon all appeals which Shall be brought before me at cording to the left of my/kill and judgement, purfaant to the afts of parliament in that itbalf* 

St m.p. me GOD. XV Pro: 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 59. 331 

XV Provided always, and be it further enacted by Uie au commission thority aforesaid, that no person (hall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of the said recited adls, or of this to be 

present a61, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, fwom at ro within the city of London and liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, their qualifi nor within the city and liberty of ivejlminfter, unless such per cauon* fon be possessed of lands, tenements, or perfonal'eftate, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds at lead, after the payment of all his debts, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which qualification they (hall swear to previous to their aiding as aforesaid, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and fubferibe his solemn affirmation, in the following form : 

T A. B. do swear, (or affirm, as the cafe may require,) tat I The oath. 

truly and bona fide have such an ejlate, consisting of (specifying the same,) of the clear value of two thousand pounds over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts. 

So help me GOD. 

And if any person (hall presume to ail as a commiftioner in the Penalty on execution of the said recited adls, or of this present actor any comunffioner* of the powers therein or herein contained, before he (hall have ^nfiave tak taken such oaths, or made such affirmations, as herein directed, cn fheoath*/ he (hall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety*thereof (hall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons who will inform or sue for the same. 

XVI And whereas, by the said recited aft of the ftventeenth year Recital of of his present Majesty, it is provided, That in cafe any ntafter or mi Part of the ft refs Shall neglect or refttfe to make out, ftgn, and deliver, to the of fejjor or ajfejfors to be appointed by virtue of the said aft, a list of his 17 co 3‘ or her servants, as by the said act is required; or in cafe, in any list delivered, any servant or servants jboll, by the said ajfejfor or ajfejfors, be found to be omitted, then, and in either of the said cafes, such af fejfor or ajfcjfors are by the act authorised and impozvered to make, upon such wafter or mistress fo neglcfting or rifuftng to deliver a list, or delivering a deficient list, of his or her servants, an ajjeffment of the number of servants retained or employed by fuel) master or mijlrcfs, as in the said act is mentioned, diftir.gu thing their christian and surnames, and their respective employments; and the surveyor or surveyors, in the said act mentioned, are by the said act authorised and required to examine every list and ajfejfment, and if he cr they Shall dffcover that any master or mistress, who should and ought to be charged with the said duty, jha1l have been omitted to be charged therewith, or Shall have been underrated, he or they are dire ft ed to certify, as in the said act mentioned, such servant or servants as have been omitted, together with the christian and fur name, and the employment, of each servant, by way of fur charge: And whereas great difficulties have occurred to the ajfejfors and surveyors, in making such offejfmints and fur charges, in difeovering the names and employments of the servants, 

in 

33* Apno deeimo nono georgh III c.59; [1779. 

in refpett of whom the majkr or mistress ought to be assessed ini No afltffraent charged; be it therefore enacted by the authoriry afbrclaid, That or furcuarge, no altelfment or surcharge, made or to be made, by any afleffcr affefibr*&c*y or a®r®>r, » furv®y°r or Purveyors, by virtue of the (aid ad, dr (haji be im this present ad, (nail be impeached or affected by reason of any peached for miftafce or variance in the christian or surname, or either of them, any mistakein of any servants, or in the description of their employments; but iiama C a^e^mcn^s and surcharges (hall be valid and effec 

* tual, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such mistake or variance, provided the person or persons intended to be described (hall be a servant or servants, in respect of whom the matter or mistress ought to be assessed within the meaning of die said ad. 

Regulations XVII And whereas y by the said atl of the fcventeenth year of bis relating to prejent Majtfty, notice is taken that many majlers and miffrejfts have or may have, different places of refidencey or may have fcrvattts♦ ftrent plles ln r*fpe^ f w^om such masters or mifireffes may be liable to be rated of residence. r ajfejjedfjlationed or refuting in different places, and relief is therein provided to prevent such masters and mifireffes from being assessed in more places than one for their respective servants, which has been found to be attended with confederable difficulties, and afforded oceafien for many evasions be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such matter or mistress, when he or (he is called upon by the afleflors for a list of his or her servants, in each paritti or district where he or (he has a place of residence, as directed by the said recited ad, (hall at the same time return a list, or make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the number of servants they mean to pav for at every other place, fpccifymg the particular pari(h or parishes wherein he or (he means to pay for such other servant or servants; and the said afleflors (hall 

Penalty on masters for not returning servants in one parish, according to lists, C delivered in another. 

All the powers, rules, pe 

enter the same at the end of their fcveralafleflments, and deliver them to the surveyor for the district, that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes; and on failure of the delivery of such list, or making a declaration, in the manner abovementioned, by any matter or mistress, the afleflors or surveyors (hall, and are hertby required to surcharge such master or mistress for every servant who has been retained by any master or mistress refpetfively, within the paritti for which the assessment is made, during the year ending the fifth day of April preceding the making futh assessment. 

XVIII Andit *8 hereby further enacted and declared, That if it (hall be difeoverd that any servant or servants have not been returned by a master or mistress in one pari(h, according to the lists or declarations delivered in another, in order to their being brought regularly, into charge by the afleflors, the master or mistress of such servant or servants (hall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds, one half to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, and the other to the person or persons who (hall sue for the same. 

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

a That 

1779o Anno decimo nond georgii III c.60, 61. 

That all and every the powers, authorities, rules, dirc&ions, penalties, forfeitures, chases, matters, and things, not hereby altered, contained in the said recited ads, made in the seven teepth year of his .present Majesty, and in the lad session of parliament, or either of them, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying tfie duties thereby granted, fhafl be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for raising and levying, collecting and paying, the several rates and duties on Jervants, and on inhabited houses, by the said ads, and this present act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act. 

XX Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences against this ad, for which there is no particular way of levying herein preferibed or appointed, (hall be recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfttr, with costs of fuit, by action ot debt, or on the cafe, bilf, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in purtyance of this ad, or of anv clause, matter, or thing herein contained, filch person or perions (hall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. 

CAP. LX 

An act for efubluhing certain payments to be made to the vicar of the panfli of Saint Micnael in the city of Coventry lor the time being in lieu of tithes j and tor repealing lo much of an ad of the fourth aud fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the said parish. 

CAP. LXI 

An cr for continuing in the poffeffton of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time, so much of an ar made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for eftabliining certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the course of the present year. 

WHEREAS 

ni 

nalties, See. in the recited ads, (not hereby altered,) to be observed in executing the said ads, and this, ad. 

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered. 

Persons sued in executing this ad, may plead the general issue. 

and recover treble colts. 

334 

pteamble. Recital of jjgeo. i tap. 64. 

Anno decimo nono georgh III c.6r. [177^ 

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An adt for granting to his Majesty a fumof money, to be raifedby exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company 1 of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies; it was directed, That the (ommijjioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treafufer for the time being, should' cause to be prepared and made any number of exchequer bills not exceeding in the whole the amount of one million four hundred thousand pounds, to be lent, advanced, and ijfued, as in the said act was dire stead, for the relief of the united company of merchants• of England trading to the eat Indies; and whereas by the said act it was declared, That in the then circumstances of the Eart India company, it would not be in their power to provide for the repayment of the loan aforesaid, and for ejlablijbing their affairs upon a more secure foundation for the time to come, unless the public should agree to forego, for the then present time, all participation in the profits arifeng from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said act enaftei, That until the aforesaid sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds should be repaid, and the bond debt of the company be reduced to the sum of one million five bundrii thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arifmg from the aforesaid territorial acquijitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and qxpences attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interejl, and other outgoings, charges and expenses, of the said company, should, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in that manner as in the said act wai directed; [that is to say) until the aforesaid sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds should be repaid, and fo long as the faiafum, or any part thereof, should remain unpaid, there should, in the fir ft place, be fet apart and applied, out of the said clear revenues and profits, such a sum as might be fuffcier.l for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum Upon the capital flock of the said company; and all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits should be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds,, or such part thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charge incurred in respect thereof; and after the repayment of the whole of the money fo advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the bond debt of the said company should be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, there should in like manner be fet apart and applied, in the first place, out of the said clear revenues and profits, such sum as might be fuffic\ent for answering a dividend, not exceeding the rate of feyen pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the said company; after which all the surplus of the fold clear revamps and profits should be applied in reducing the bond debt of the said company: And whereas the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds hp been repaid, and fully discharged, and all the charges incurred in respect thereof have been defrayedand the bond 

debt 

1779o Anno decimo nano georgii III C 6t. 

debt of the aid company has been reduced to, or under, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, whereby the circumfiames, in confederation whereof it was im the aforesaid act declared that the public t Should agree to for ego, for the then present time, all participation in the profit arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, have ceased and are determined but whereas notwitbfianding it may be expedient that the aforesaid territorial acquisitions and revenues Should, for a limited time, and under certain conditions and refiriftions, remain in the pofjejfion of the united company of merchants g England trading to the East Indies: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king’s inoft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That all the territorial acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, (hall remain in the poflefiion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and their fuccefifors, for’and during the term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for and during the said term, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges and expenses, of the said company, (hall bedilpofed of and applied in manner following: that is to say, it (hall and may be lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits, to fet apart and apply in the first place, such sum as may be sufficient for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said company, after which the whole surplus of the said clear revenues and profits (hall be reserved and await any future agreement that may be made between the public and the said company. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, during the continuance of this adt, the said united com 

Sdo cause, and they are hereby directed and required to i to be made up half yearly, with as much accuracy as the nature of the cafe will admit, a statement or account of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the laid company, together with a state of the debts of the said company, in England, exclusive of their bond debt, to the first day of September, and the first day of March; the first of such statements or accounts to be made up from the first day of March to the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine j and to transmit such statement or account fairly written, and signed by two or more of the directors of the Vo I. XXXII Z - said 

335 

All the teni tonal acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in theealt Indies, to remain in poflefiion of the company till April 5, 1780. 

No dividend to be made by the company, before April 5, 1780, of moe than eight percent per ann. 

The company are to cause to be made up halt yearly, du ing the continuance of this atfv an account of the profit and lofis upon their trade, See, 

which (hall be transmitted to the commis Goners of the treasury. 

ljooq le 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III CI [1779. 

said united company, within twenty one days after the day to Which such statement or account (hall be made up refpe&« ivcly, to thecommiflioners of his majesty’s treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being. 

The company IV And be it enacted by the authority afore fa id. That, during rest rifled from the continuance of this ad, it (hall not be lawful for the (laid accepting bill united company, or their successors, or any of their officers fui^drawn on or ^erv?nts on their account, to accept or otherwise bind the them by their kid company, or their successors, for the payment of any bill officers, C in or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or servants, theeaft ndies. at any of their presidencies in the Eafi Indies, for any sum exceeding thefum of three hundred thousand pounds, exclufiveof certificates, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company’s (hips, with without the out consent and order first had and obtained of the commis con.'ent of the fioners of his majcfty’s treasury for the time being, or any three commissioners or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, of the treasury. wj1q are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon as they (hall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary, to the true meaning and intent of this ad, (hall be null and void to all intents and purposes. 

Recital of * V And whereas by another aft, paffid in the same session of per 13 Geo. liameni, entitled, An act for eftablilhing certain regulations for 

cap. 63. the better management of the affairs of the Eafi Inda company, as well in India as in Europe, it was, among other things, enabled, That, for the government of the preftdency of Yon William in Bengal, there Should be appointed a governor-general and four counsellors, and that the whole civil and military government of the fid preji demy, and also the ordering, management, and government, oj all the territorial acquifetions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, Should, during such time as the territorial acqui f lions and revenues Should remain in the poffijjion of the said united company, be vejlcd in the said governor-general and council of the said preftdency of Fort William in Bengal; and afo that the governor-general and four first councillors, appointed by the said aft, Should each of them hold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the term of Jive years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the said preftdency, and should not be removable in the mean time, except by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffiors, upon reprefentat'm made by the court of dir eft or s for the said united company for the time being : and whereas it may be expedient that the said regulation Should be extended to the person and persons who, at the time of pnfftng this aft, Shall have and enjoy the respective offices of governor-general, and The governor counj~ehors 0f preftdency; be it therefore enacted by the 

councillors of authority aforesaid, That the person and persons who, at the the preiidency time of the parting of this ad, (hall have and enjoy the office ot Sort Will and offices of governor-general and counsellors of the said pre tln'ue If their" ^deilcy, (hall hold and continue in his and their refpediveof lffices’dut nig foes fr and during the continuance of this ad, and (hall not 

be 

i779*} Anno decimo nono Georgii III 0*62. 337 

be removable in the mean time, except by his Majesty, his the continu heirs and successors, upon representation made by the, court of *£5* ot this diredors for the said united company for the time being; and jilcycfhouldbe (hall have and enjoy all and singular the powers and authorities reeved by his veiled by the said adt in the first governor-general, and four first Majesty, Sec. counsellors by the said adl appointed, and (hall be subject to the said restrictions and limitations as by the said act the first governor-general and first four counsellors were made subject; and that in cafe of the avoidance of the offices of such governor-general,, or any of the said counsellors, such office shall be respectively supplied in the said manner as the same office would by the said adt have been supplied, during the remainder of the term of five years which was computed from the time that the first governor genera] and four first counsellors took upon them the government of the said prelidency. 

VI Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That Thisaftnotto nothing in this adt contained shall extend, or be construed to ntfcfl the rights extend, to affect the rights of the crown, or of the said company, 

after the expiration of this adl; but that the same shall park, after the remain, continue, and be in the same state and condition, in expiation all respects, as though this adl had never been made. thereof, 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publickaft. That this adl (hall be deemed and taken to be a public ad; of 

which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. 

CAP. LXII 

An act to permit the removal of lime, and other articles necessary for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond. 

WH R R E A S by an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Preamble. 

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, 

An adt for preventing frauds and regulating abuse in his Ma rec*lta) Df an jelly’s customs), it was amongst other things, enafied, That if any act 13 and 14 goods, wares, or merchandizes, Shall be Jhipped or put on board to be Car. a. carried forth to the open sea, from any one port, creek, or member, of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town Berwick, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a fuffierance or warrant first had and obtained from the officers of his Maj fly's cufi toms, all such goods, wares, and merchandizes, Shall be forfeited and lost; and that the master of every ship or vejjel that shall fo lade or take in any such goods, wares, or merchandizes, to be landed and difebarged as aforesaid, Shall, before the Jhip or vejfel be removed or carried out of the port from whence he shall take in his lading, take out a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the King's majesty, with good security, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandizes, for delivery and difebarge thereof, in the port or place for which the same shall be entered, or in some other port or place in this kingdom : and whereas, in order to promote the cultivation and improvement of 

jj8 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.63. (1779. 

lani, > it is expedient that lime and other articles necejfary for tbet ' ' purtofe, Should be removed at as little expense as poffble to the owners 

and proprietors of fucb land, and that they Should not be put to any trouble or difficulty more than is necejfary for the security of the fublick revenue; be it therefore enabled by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, After 14 June, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-1779, lime, C fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy 

ovementof n*nc» n coc(luct or bnd ^ rc(lu*re(j or taken by any iand'may be or officers of the cuftoins, from the matter or owner of 

carried from any hoy, vessel, or boat, or from any other person whatsoever, port to port, for carrying or removing of any lime, limestones, chalk, .wllho “J marie, or dung, from any port, member, or creek, in Greet quet or bond. Britain, to be landed at any other port or place within the .said kingdom; but such lime, limestones, chalk, marie, and dung, may be fo shipped and laden, at any port, member, or creek, within this kingdom, by sufferance or warrant, and may be removed and carried by open sea, and landed at any other port 1 or place in Great Britain, by tranftre only; anything in the said recited a (ft, or any other aft, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 

CAP. LXIII 

An afi for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fevenly nine. 

Most gracious Sovereign, 

Preamble. T your majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjedh, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Comroiflio parliament assembled, aud by the authority of the same, That ners of the it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his treafuiy may majesty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or *^00 000/ more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any 

byloantand time or times before the fifth day of January, one thousand exchequer seven hundred and eighty, to cause or direct any loans to be bills, before taken or received at his majesty’s exchequer from any perfoa Jan. 5, 1780. or person natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million in manner as five hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like manner, 

form. 

1779-1 Anno dccimonono gborgii III c.63. 339 

form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and by the land w directions, as in and by an a d of this present session of parlia ^ 

ment, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a fcribed^&cf" land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year * 

one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine,) are prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said ad. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That The clauses in 

all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, ad van the said act re. tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the ioani 

said last mentioned ad, relating to the loans or exchequer billsor 1 5* authorised to be made by the same ad, (except such clauses as(txcept, Ac.) do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same ad, and 

except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said ad, and also except as is herein after mentioned), (hall be applied and ex extended to tended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfu stance of this ad, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned ad, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re * in the body of this ad. 

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Exchequer rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by 

virtue of this ad, (hall, after the same hath or have been issued j^ved again" at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth in payment of day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, received any taxes, or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or colledor, in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or colledor, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in cafe the same (hall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April; nor (hall any such receiver or colledor ex norexchanged change, at any time before the (aid sixth day of April, for any before April money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his bands, v17®0, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any action be maintained Adionnotto against any such receiver or colledor for neglecting or refusing to exchange jny such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April, anything in the said ad made in this present section of parliament, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ftventy nine) or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Money fo That all such leans or exchequer bills, together with the in 'out of terest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending che next parli 

Z 3 the amentary aid j 

30qle 

and if none 

b? granted before ju’y 5, 1780. 

to be charged on the linking fund. 

Moneys fois foed to be replaced out of the first supplies, 

Bank of England autlio rifed to advance the said sum on the credit of this aft; 

aft s & 6 Oul. Sc Mariae not mihlunding. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.63. [1779. 

the same, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or born by or out of the first aids or supplies which (hall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in cafe sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose (hall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interests, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such moneys as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receiut of the exchequer of the furpluffes, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said finking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said finking fund (hall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, ( and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the rbfpeftivd proprietors thereof. 

V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys (hall be fo issued out of the said furplufles, excesses, overplus moneys, or father revenues composing the finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

VI And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this aft, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, anything in an act, made in the fifth hnd sixth years of the reign of King william and Queen Mary, (entitled. An act for granting to their Majejiies several rates and duties upon tonnage of Ships and vessels, ana upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recompenses and ad vantages, in the said act mentioned, to such persons as hail voluntarily advance the sum of one million Jive hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France,) to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. 

CAP. 

341 

177^1 Anno decimo nono georgii HI. c.64. 

CAP. LXIV 

An act for raiftng a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy ninr. 

Most gracious Sovereign, 

WE, your majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjedb, the Preamble. 

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this fefiion of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s meft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it (hall and commission may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty’s of the treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or ^00^0001 times before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun by loans and dred and eighty, to cause or direst any loans to be taken or re exchequer ceived at his majesty’s exchequer from any person or persons, before natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, 0r Jan any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together in the whole the sum of one million, nine hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like manner, form, and order, in manner as and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by the land by an act of this present session of parliament, entitled. An a for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred andfe~ 9 

venty nine, are prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills, to be taken or made in pursuance of the said aft. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses in all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advanta the said act ges, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said rating to last mentioned aft relating to the loans of exchequer bills au oansor ills thorifed to be made by the same aft (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the feme aft, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said aft, and also except as is herein after mentioned) hall be applied and extended to extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purlu this aft. ance of this aft, as Fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned aft, or as if the said severs! clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this aft. 

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Exchrqufr Z 4 ricy bills (0 issued 

342 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.64. [1779: 

not to be re rity aforesaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out ceived again by virtue of this at (hall, after the same hath or have been issu in payment of at tjie exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth any taxe, jay of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty, received or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or colledtor, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than, for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in cafe the same (hall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth nor exebang day of April; nor (hall any such receiver or colledor exchange, A 8 at any limc before fi day °* April for any money of 

Pr »*7 o. rcvenucsj ai(js> taxes or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been issued at aforesaid by Aftmn not to virtue of this adt; nor (hall any action be maintained against any lie for fucli such receiver or colledtor for neglecting or refuting to exchange 

rclu a1, any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said flxth day 

of April, anything in the said a made in this present feffionof parliament, entitled. An act for granting an aid to bis Majeftj bj a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of thereat one thousand [even hundred and seventy nine, or this a, contained to the contrary notwfchftanding. • 

Money fo IV And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, raised to be That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the inter th^nex^upar Premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the hamentary * same, foall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, 

aid $ and (hall be repaid or born by or out of the firftaids or supplies 

which (hall be granted in the next session of parliament; and if none and in cafe sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose (hall hot be granted be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun 

before July 5, dred and eighty, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with, 7*0' the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attend 

to be charged jng the same, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable ffstund upon moneys as at any time or times at or after the (aid s * fifth day of July (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the lurpluftes, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said finking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any aft or ads of parliament in that behalf;) and such moneys of the said finking fund (hall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof. 

Moneys fois V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore (atd to be re yj^2t whatever moneys (hall be fo issued out of the (aid 

furpluffes, 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 65. 34.3 

furpluffes, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues compos placed out of ing the finking fund, (hail from time to time be replaced by and the first itip outof the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament j p anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

VI And be it declared and further enacted by the authority Bank ofeng aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor landautho and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his vance^he said Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon sum on, he the credit of loan granted by this aft, any sum or sums of money credit of this not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, nine hun > thousand pounds, anything in an act, made in the fifth AS 5 & 6 and sixth years of the reign of King jviltiam and Queen Mary, Gul. & Marias entitled. An act for granting to their Majesties Jevyral rates not wit hit and and duties upon tonnage of flaps and veffeland upon beer ale and, ilg* other liquors for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned to fucb persons as pall voluntarily advance the sum of one million, five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 

CAP. LXV 

An act for the further augmentation of the salaries of the fuifne justices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at West minder. 

WHEREAS it is reasonable and expedient that a further aug preamble, j mentation Should be made to the salaries of the puisne justices of the courts of Kingrs bench and common pleas and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer at Westminster; anl zuhereas the several jump duties granted by diverse afts of parliament, made in the thirty second year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the second, and in the second and fifth years of his present Mayfly's reign and appropriated for the payment of the augmented salaries of the respective judges and justices therein mentioned; and which ftnee that time, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty have been charged with the payment of a second augmentation of the salaries of the justices of Chester, and of the great sessions for the counties of Wales, have for many years pafi produced annually a conftderable surplus but not fujficient to supply so much as is tie ceffary for such further augmentation as aforesaid; and there remained in the receipt of the exchequer on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy - the sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety seven pounds ten billings and five pence farthing, of the furpluffes of the several ft amp duties aforesaid: and whereas the deduction offlxpence in the pound out of all moneys paid upon all salaries penfjons* annuities, and other payments from the crown established by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firjl* after satisfying the annuities thereby charged on the same hath asso for many years pass produced a very confiicra * tie surplus, all which said several furpluffes are by the said afts re ffpeftively referred for the disposition of parliament; be it therefore 

euafted 

After July 5, *779*l&ere (hall be paid yearly out of the iiuplufies of certain damp duties, See. tne following sums, in augmentation of the judges fala rie ‘vide iicet, 

400/. to each p jilne judge in the King's bench and common p: eis; 500/. to the cmef baron, and 400 /. to each of the other barons of the exchequer. 

Preamble. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 66. [1779* 

enabled by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be yearly, and every year, issued, paid, and applied, out of the said sum of fifteen thouiand two hundred and mnety seven pounds, ten Shillings, and five pence farthing, of the furpluffes of the said several lamp duties fo remaining in the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid; and out of all or any of the furpluftes which have arisen or (hall arise upon the said several lamp duties granted by the adls aforesaid, (after the payments already charged thereupon (hall from time to time have been fatistied,) and out of the furplultes now remaining in the receipt of the exchequer,, and which (hall hereafter arise, upon the said dedudtions of six | in the pound out of all salaries, penfiom, annuities, and other payments as aforesaid, after satisfying the said several annuities already charged on the same the sums of money following, to the several judges herein after mentioned, as an addition to and in further augmentation of their refpe<5live salaries; that is to say, the sum of four hundred pounds to each of the puisne justices for the time being in the courts of king’s bench I and common pleas at ip'eflminfler; the sum of live hundred * pounds to the chief baron for the time being in the court of exchequer at iveftminjler; and the sum of four hundred pounds to each of the other barons of the coif for the time being in the said court of exchequer; which said several and respective sums of money (hall be and are hereby charged upon the said (um of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety seven p: *nds, ten (billings, and five pence farthing, and also upon the several fur plufles aforesaid;; (hall be paid thereout in every year at such time and times and in such manner, as the salaries of the said judges now are or have been accuftomarily paid. 

CAP. LX VI 

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for better fecurirg the Jl amp duties upon indentures, leafs, deeds, and other injlnt* ments. 

Mod gracious Sovereign 

WE, your majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be cnadled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, 

tele 

1779 1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.66. 345 

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thiit, from and after the second day of Augujt, After Aug. s, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, there (hall be *779. the fol raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and dutie* to be successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say,) paid; vmiat, 

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or For every (kin piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of of parchment, administration for any estate of or above the value of one hun or ■ °(pa‘ dred pounds, (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, an additio {^c'probate of ^nal stamp duty of twenty (billings; and a further additional a will, or ad stamp duty of twenty (billings where the estate is of, or above, mimttering to the value of three hundred pounds, over and above all other an ej*au of duties now charged thereon: ' C 

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or pcr CV ’ piece of paper, upon which is ingroftcd or written the copy of cussed any will, an additional stamp duty of one penny: in the copy of 

r or every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece a wiil*1 of paper, upon which is ingrofled or written any libel, allegation, deposition, or inventory, exhibited in any ecckfiaftical court, the canny courts of admiralty, and cinque ports, and all copies thereof, an cletiaitical additional stamp duty of sixpence: corn t, Sec. 6j. 

For every piece of vehum or parchment, upon which any For every writ of covenant for levying fines shall be ingrofled or written, piece, C tiled an additional stamp duty of five (billings: covenant for 

For every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ icvying fines, of entry for suffering a common recovery (hall be ingrofted or 5/. written, an additional stamp duty of five (billings: : ditto used 

For every skin of vellum, upon which is ingrofled or written in writs f any exemplification, of what nature soever, that (hall pafs the coni feal of any court whatsoever, an additional stamp duty of five moufecovery, (billings; 5/. 

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or For every piece of paper, upon which any presentation or donation which •k, n °£ve!* (hall pafs the great seat, or upon which any collation to be exemp?i made by any archbishop or other bfthop, or any presentation or fication that donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any be (hall pafs the nefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatfo fealofahy ever, (hall be ingrofled or written, an additional stamp duty of p01*1^’*** forty (hilling;; such benefice, dignity, or promotion, ficmjkc^uftd shall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the jn any pre king’s books : fenratiort or 

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or donation on piece of paper, upon which any dispensation to hold two eccle f/af| *0?in^ny fiaftical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, collation, Sec. or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of to any ceclefi canterbury, or the matter of the faculties for the time being, Promo (hall be ingrofled or written, an additional stamp duty of forty a°enainvva shillings: lue, 40i. 

For For every 

skin, See. used in any dispensation to hold two benefices, See. 40 /.' 

346 

For every •kin. See. used in any drawback of customs, Sec, 8 d. 

For every 

piece, C 

\ifed in any bill of lading lor exportation, 4 d. 

Probates of the wills, See. of common seamen or soldiers not chargeable by this aft. 

The aforesaid duties to be under the management of the commit fioners of the itamp office, 

Com mifh oners may provide one new (lamp to denote the several duties granted by different a 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 66. [1779, 

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which (hall be exported or (hipped to be exported from Gnat Britain for any parts beyond the seas, an additional lamp duty of eight pence : 

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any note or bill of lading, which (hall be iigned for any goods or merchandizes to be exported, an additional stamp duty of fourpence. 

II Provided, That nothing in this ail contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration, of any common seaman or soldier who (hall be (lain or die in his majesty’s service, a certificate being produced from the captain of the (hip or vessel, or captain of the troop or company, under whom such seamen or soldier served at the time of bus death, and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted which oath, such judge or officer is hereby authorised and required to adininifter, and for which no see or reward (hall be taken. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforebid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said additional duties herein before granted, the same (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to use and provide such damps to denote the said several duties as (hall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this ad in execution with relation to the ftid several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper. 

IV Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, to prevent the multiplication ot damps upon such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of paper, on which several duties are by several ads of parliament imposed, it (hall and may be lawful for thfefaid commissioners, instead of the distinct damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they (hall see ^ccafion, one new damp to be provided to denote the said several duties, and the duty granted by this ad, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or iheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties. 

, V And 

;  

1779’1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 66. 347 

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, All vellum. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties See. liable to hereby charged, (hall, before the same (hall be ingrofled, print he "J^ u ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for damping it 

or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said commit grofled. See. (ioners, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, be brought to (hall forthwith, upon demand to them made, by any person or *hf ttamp persons, from time to time, stamp or mark, as this aft directs, C 

any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be brought to them for that purpose, the person fo bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this aft. 

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Usual allow that the same allowance (hall be made on present payment of 

the several duties granted by this aft, in such manner as by any (cnt payment, former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, isdirefted and allowed. 

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stamp may That such (lamps, as the said commimoners are hereby directed be altered and and authorised to provide and use, (hall and may be altered and rencwc<1# renewed in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and 

that all persons, who (hall have in their ctiftody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which (hall be fo altered or renewed, or on which, being already (lamped with a (lamp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby directed to be impressed, (hall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes directed. 

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If any person That if any person (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter counterfeited or forged, any feal, stamp, or mark, directed or 

allowed to be used by this or any other aft of parliament, for with intent the purpose of denoting the duties by this or any other aft of to defraud h parliament granted, or (hall counterfeit or referable the impress (ion of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs duuw* and successors, of any of the said duties; or (hall privately or fraudulently use any feal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other aft of parliament relating to the lamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person fo offending, such person and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be adjudged a felon, (hall (offer and (hall suffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of ai a clergy. 

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All powers, all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of penalties dittribotioii and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, preferibed or p^eferib appointed by any former aft or afts of parliament relating to ed by former the ftajnp dulies on vellum, parohment, and paper, (lull be of lamp aft 

_ to be applied 

liooqle 

in cx'oimob of (bu a. 

receiver-general to kep a ferrate account of the duties grant 

Anno dedmo nono georgh IIL c.66. [1779, 

full force and effect with relation to the several duties hereby imposed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the (aid additional and new duties hereby imposed, according to the tnte intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enact with relation to the said additional and new duties hereby imposed. 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted (hall be paid, from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, 

and to pay the same into the exchequer. 

Auditor of 

of all applica turn theieof. 

ed bytbis&a, who (hall keep a separate and distinct account of the several.. <jutjcs>an<j pay the same (the necessary charges of 

railing, paying, and accounting for the lame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purpofesin this ad mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, aredi reded to be paid. 

XI And be it further enacted by the authority afore&d, to^kec^r}^1^ That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the aodi para^caccount tor f !e kid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which 

all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, (hall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his ma jefty, his heirs and fucccflors, upon any account whatsoever; and the fait! money, (o paid into the (aid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, (hall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any ad or ads of this fefficnof parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expencesas are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an ad of this present felfion of parliament, entitled. An act for raising actr* tain sum of money by way of annuities, and for efiabujbing a lottery. 

XII And whereas, by the several laws now in forcey in order a prevent his Majejh his heirs or fuccejfors, from being defrauded of exj 

have*lattv**'in* f the duties charged upon vellum, parebment, and paper, it is enafiti> giolfed more That all records, writs, pleadings, or other proceedings, in courts tf than thrufual law and equity, and all deeds, infiruments, and writings whatfsevery \ “nnofy*n \ ch°rgod with the fiamp duties, shall be ingroffed or written in such ment°to*&e manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written, ani diminution of whereas, till the lajl fiamp duties were imposed, it was the gt the fiamp tteral praflice to insert in one skin of parchment twelve chancery jheetsy duties. containing ninety words in each (beet, or fifteen common-law jbettsy 

containing seventy tivo words in each sheet, ana the same bos but held a fair and reasonable quantity to be ingroffed and written in and upon each skin of parchment, and that the usual charge for drawing and mg ojfing the same, might, upon any cojls to be taxed, be fairly oil equitably allowed; and whereas several persons, in injury to his mo jcjlys revenue of (lamps, insert in one skin of parchment the contents of a greater quantity of (beets than the quantity of chancery, or cm i man 

Preamble; resiling that 

booqle 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 65. 

mon law beets above specified, and charge their clients or employers double or treble the sum for drawing and ingrejjing such /kins, calling the same double and treble/kinsy and pretending that they insert twice or three times as much in quantity as they are obliged to do; and thaty upon a taxation, they would be, allowed as much as they have charged, reckoning the same by the number of /beetsy by which means the client or employer, instead of judging of such charge by the number of skins y is liable to be imposed upony and the revenue of lamps materially injured and dimini/hed, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the patting of this a, all attorneys, solicitors, or other persons, shall make their several charges, at and after the known and usual rates, upon the: r client or employer, by the number of skins they (hall fo ingrofs or write, and nor otherwise; and that if any attorney, fohcitor, or other person, (hall, for the wrking or ingrofling one (kin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble (kins, or for more than one (kin, making his charge by the (heet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having inserted in such one (kin or parchment a greater number of (beets than what they are obliged to do, or than what is usually done, or under any pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client; and further that every attorney, solicitor, or other person, (hall, for every such charge fo made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of fuit, to any person or persons who (hall inform or sue for the same, in any court of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed. 

XIII Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to the charge to be made for the ingrofling any deed, the whole contents of which (hall not amount to the quantity or number of (beets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in each (kin according to the number of (heets above fpecilied. 

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this aft, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons (hall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become norifuited, then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plantiffs. 

34? 

Attorneys, Sc C to charge their clients by the number of (kins they ingrofs, accord • nig to the ufua! rates. ' Double or treble charges not payaoie; 

but subject the perlop making the same to tne forfeiture of io. 

The above csaufe not to extend to the charge (or any deed, the whole of which (hall not amount to the usual quantity contained in two skins. 

Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this aft, may plead the general ifluej 

and recover treble costs. 

CAP. 

Preamble. 

Prize made by the king’s ships to be divided between the captors. 

in the proportions by his Majesty already ordered, or to be hereafter ordered, by proclamation. 

Admiralty to ifluecommiffions to privateers, on the owners giving proper le cunty. 

Anno decimo nono georgii III C 67. [1779. 

CAP. LXVII 

An act for the encouragement of seamen and the more Jfretdj oni ef fefinal manning his Mqjejlfs Navy. 

WHEREAS his Mojefly, by order in council, dated that twenty ninth day ofj ufy, one thoujand even hundred and /(• venty eighty was plea fed to order that general reprizals be granted ogoinji the ships, goods, ana fubjcfls of the French King; and that aswtll all his Majejlf s fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and vejfels tbet Shall be commijjtoned, by letters of mark or general reprisals, tr otherwise by his Majeflfs commiffmers for executing the office oflsri high admiral of Great Britain, Shall and may lawfully Jeize all ships, vcjjels, and goods, belonging to the French King, or his fubjefls, r others inhabiting within any the territories of the French King, aid bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majejlfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majejlfs Ships of war, and the officers and see men of all other British Ships and vessels having commissions ani letters of mark, and for inducing all British seamen who may be in any foreign Jervice to return into this kingdom, and become fervueollt to his Mo j fly; and for the more effeflual securing and extending the trade of his Majejlfs fubjefls; be it enabled by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pr^fent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every (hip and vessel of war in his majesty’s pay, (hall have the folc interest and property of and in all and every (hip, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken (ince the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or (hall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against France, after the same (hdl have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his majefly’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his majesty’s plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his proclamation of the sixteenth day of September last, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall think fit to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes. 

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (hall, at the request of any owner or owners of any (hip or vessel, giving fpeh bail and security as is hereinafter mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth in jhe usual manner one or more cqm* mission or commissions to any person or persons whom such owner or owners (hall nominate to be commander, or, in cafe of 

death 

1.779-1 Anno'decinao nono georgii III C 67, 351 

death, successively commanders of such (hip or vessel, tor the at taeking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such (hip or vessel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortress upon the land, or any (hip or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandise, belonging to or possessed by any of his majefly’s enemies, upon the land, or in any sea, creek, haven, or river; and that such (hip or (hips, vessel or vettels, or prizes made any arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes by <uch com whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, and apparel, foto jibe 

taken by or with such private (hip or vessel, according to vi«lcd between such commission or commissions, after final adjudication as the owners lawful prize in any of his majesty’s courts of admiralty as afore and captor, said, and not before, (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such (hip of cun" vessel, and the several persons who (hall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such (hares and proportions as (hall be agreed upon with the owner or owners of such (hip or vessel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, ahd the persons who thall be entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves;; that neither his ma jefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person, commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any person or persons fchat soever, other than the owner or owners of such (hip or vessel, being the captor of such prize, (hip, or vessel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under him or them, (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof, (except as to the customs and duties payable by any a or alls of parliament:) any cufiom, (latute, or other law, to the contrary not*ithftanding. 

III Provided always. That nothing in this a<51 contained (hall No commis entitle any (hip having a commission, and which (hall receive or honed (hip to ders from, and pur herself under the convoy of any of his Ma have (hare ia jefty’s (hips or vessels, to (bate in any prize or prizes taken by ^les^i* such convby, or by such (hip having a commission, whilst the under convoy said commissioned (hip (hall remain under the care and protection of such convoy. 

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all All prit? prize (hips or vessels which (hall be legally condemned, (hall, t0 

all intents and purposes whatsoever, be considered as british iharil be deem ^ built (hips or vessel, and be deemed and taken as such, and ed bririfh (hall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same rights, built (hip, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all respects whatsoever, with briti/h built (hips or vessels, and (hall be subject and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that britijif built (hips or vessels are subject and liable to; any law, cufiom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithfianding. 

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lora high admiral of 

Gnat Britain or the commissioners for executing the office of aran™d ^ 

• 1 V o Zm XXXII A a lord Privateer. 

Sfecrtta'ry of Hfbt: aci mi ratty 

Aftno dttimo nono t*go&<hz III Gw £177^ 

lord high admiral of Grtw/ Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any. time or times hereafter, to revoke and make Void, by any order or orders, in writing wider his or their hand or bands, any commission or courujuffiea* winch hath, have been, or (hall be iltued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or (hall be nominated com tnandcr or commanders of any (hip or vessel, either in purfu anee of his m&jefty’s aforesaid order in council, or this prefeat ad, 

VI Provided nevertheless, That the fetretary of the admiralty T t*mc cm with all convenient fpecd after any and of uich tfcvb every such Commission (hall be fo revoked, cause notice thereof in cjftioh to 'the writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners, or agent or ovrinitrs, &c.j agents, or surety or ftireties, or feme one of them, of the (tup or Vessel named or deferibed in filch order of retocatidn; and in cafe such (hip or vessel (hall be in the channel, the feid order of revocation (hall be effe&u&l to supersede and annul the feud coanmiffion at the expiration of twenty days from and after fed notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if notice (hall be actually given in writing, by the fecretety of the admiralty, to the captain of commander (thereof; and m cbfe Rich (hip or vefebl dhati be in the northern feafc, at the expiration of thirty days; and i cafe Rich (hip or vteflcl (hall be to the fouthwirdof Cape Fimfierra, or iit the Mediterranean, at the expiration of six weeks i and ki cafe such (hip or vessel (hall be in Nertb Amentia, or the lveji Indies, at the expiration of three month! $ and in cafe foch (hip or vessel (hah be in the East Indies, at the expiration of see who may com tnonihs: and any commander or commanders, owner or plain thereof owners, agent or agents, surety or Jurcties, of any such (hip or to his Majtfty vessel, whereof such coaxniffioh or commitiions, issued or to he u council. issued forth as aforesaid, (hah be fo revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in council, within thirty days next after the fetre tary of the admiralty for the time being (hall cause notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and die determination of his Majesty in council touching every such complaint (hall be final. 

When any or VII Provided always, That in cafe any Rich order of revoca dcr of revocation (hall be superseded, such commission (hall be deemed and tion (hall be taken to have continued jn force; and all prizes taken by virtue thereof (hall belong to and be the property of such owners send captors, in such manner as the same would have been in Cafe such order of revocation had not been made. 

VIII Provided also, That no person (hall be liable to be punished for doing, before lie (hall have received pfcrlbnal notice of such order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of such ocohiuffion, : m cafe such order of revocation had not been made. 

Bail, Arc. to be And be it further enatfed by the authority Cfisrofeii, 

taken before That, before the granting or issuing of any comthimra tn granting toy (uance 6f this act, such bail and fecurky watt he takbn%s Itove been ufinl upon the granting or issuing of cotncmflkms toe $rb> vate (hips of war; and that, previous to, the taking of fetch htfi 

superseded, commission (hall be deem ed to have continued m force. Pioviib. 

Digitised 

ed by  

*779 ] Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 6y. 353 

and fecuriry, the persons who propose to be bound and give such security. (hall severally make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England) or judge of any vice admiralty court irr his majeft/sr colonies or plantations, .or his furrrogate, or other person or persons by such judge or furrogate lawfully comm'rtiioncd, tfyit, at the time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more money than the. sum for which they are then to be bound, over, and above. al their just debts; and moreover the marital of the fatd high court of admiralty, or any vice admiralty court in hismajeft’ys colonies or plantations, for the rhyme beings or his deputy, or the person or per, sans fb Commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent inquiry into, and satisfy himself or themselves of the fumciency of such bail aod security' ' make a report thereof, to ftoe said judge, or his furrogate, before'any such commhiion (hall be granted or issued. 

X nd be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, AIJ pjerfons # 

Thar all and every person and persons, who shall apply to the applyu>* fail; 

said lord high admiral, or commissioners for executing rhe office y wmiwffi/ 

« 1 • L j ' • » /• 1 •'.* j on, to let fortn 

of lord high admiral for the nme being, or any pcrlon or per n writing an 

Ions by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to exaa defcrip obtain any copiipiffion to be granted or jfliied forth in purfoande tionof thevef of this (hall make every such application in writing y ahd therein let forth a particular, true, And exact deferiptidn of the gunit&c! 

(hip or veflei for whichfuch commission i requested, petrifying the burden of such (hip or veflei, ’ and the number ahd nature of the guns on board rhe same, to vtfhat place belonging, and the name or names of the principal ovtner or Owners of Rich (nip or veflei, and the number of men intended to be put on board the same; (all which particulars (hall be inserted in every commission to be granted or iffired in puifuance of this ap) ahd Commanders that dvery commander of a private (hip of v.elfel of war, ' for of commflioii which a commiffiop shall be granted or issued in purfuaride of pp^^e their this ad, (h^li produce such commission to the collector, cut commiflion*to tomer, or fearqher for the time being, of hid Majesty's customs, tbecolltaor, reridin® atw belonging*.to rhe port from whence such (hipor&c of the veflei (hall be first fitted put, or to the lawful deputy or. deptr cuftoflmj ties of fucji colledor, customer or (eafeher; and the'faid col; - wh0ar?to jedior, customer, fearchcr, or his or their lawful deputy or de examwftdf puties, (hall, ars soon thereafter as conveniently may be, with (hips; out see or reward; inspect and examine such (hip or veflei lb as to afeertain the burden thereof, and the number of mn, ahd number anj nature of the guns on board the same; and if such and if found (Kip or veflei (half thereupon be found to be of such burden, agreeable to and beipanned'and armed according to the tenor of the defetip tion inserted in such commission as aforesaid, or be of a greats a burden or force than (hall btf mentioned in such commission, tieretnv then such colledlor, cuftomcr, or fcarcher, or his or their lawful deputy*or deputies, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby r jc^uirejl immediately .upon the request. of the commander of 4uch (nip orveflel, to give a certificate thereof, in writing underr 

A a 2 his 

Penilty on commander leaving port 

Anno decimo nono georgii ITI. c.67. [1779. 

his or their hand or hands, gratis, to such commander which certificate (hall be deemed a necessary clearance before such private (hip or veiled (hall be permitted to sail from that port: and if the commander of any (hip or vessel, for which any, commission (hall have been granted or ifiued in pursuance of this adr (hall depart with such (hip or vessel from such port of without a cer clearance before he hath received such certificate, or (hall de tificate, C part from any such port, or proceed upon a cruise, with a force inferior to the force specified in such commission, orrequired by. this ad, in every such cafe the commission for such (hip or .vessel (hall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the.commander fo offending, being convicted thereof before any court of admiralty, (hall be imprisoned without bail or main prize, for such space of time as the said court (hall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence. on XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tomer, °&c!ufor ^ an co^e(^or> customer, or searcher, of his majeffy’s customs, granting a or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, (hall grant a certificate talfe certifi for any (hip or vessel which (hall not be of the burden and force cate. specified in the commission granted to the commander or com, 

,. thereof, or of a greater burden or force than (hall be 

mentioned in such commission, he (hall for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any ' office in the customs; and (hall also forfeit the sum of one 

hundred pounds, to be recovered, by any person or persons who will sue for the same, bv action of debt, bill, plaint, or infbr • mation, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjkcr, in which no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds,, when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treasurer for $ the time being to the corporation for the relief and support of 

*» sick, maimed, and disabled Teamen, and of the widows and 

children of such as (hall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants service, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeitures (hall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is established, or (hall hereafter be eftabli(hed, for the purposes aforesaid, then a moiety of such penalty (hall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation fo established. Proviso for af XII Provided always, That the number of tonnes foto be certaining the certified, be afeertained according to the rules laid down by an tonnage. a&pafled m the eighth year of the reign of her late majestyqueen Anney entitled. An act for making a convenient dock, or bajon at : •* ' Liverpool, for the security of all hips trading to or from the said 

port Liverpool. 

. If the com XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ^vn^ifl^ned ^iat m ca^c at any me or t, mcs any commander or com (hip (hall ag ree manders of any private (hip or (hips, or vessel or vessels of war, with any per commissioned as aforesaid, (hall agree with the commander or fon belonging commanders, or other person or persons, of or belonging to to any priae any ncutra] or other (hip or (hips, vcffd or vessels, for the ransom 

taken, for the 

ljooql 

1779o Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 67. 355 

fom of any such neutral or other (hip or (hips, vessel ot vessels, ^anfoni there or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, 0^ cafter the same (hall have been taken as prize, and (hall, in pursuance of such agreement or agreements, actually quit, fet at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his Ma] jefty’s dominions; that then all and every of the commander ^ ^ 

and commanders of such private (hip or (hips, or vessel or vessels deemed ad. of war, who (hall agree for any such ransom, and (hall quit, rate, and fuf fet at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes in manner {£r|yccor<k aforesaid, mall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, guilty 1 

of piracy, felony, and robberf; and he, they, and every of them, being duly cokivi&ed thereof before any court of admiralty, (hall have and suffer such pains of death, loss of lands, goods, and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the leas, ought to have and suffer according to the laws now in' being. 

XIV And wbireas, in all private Jbips of war or merchant Jbips Offences on that ball take out letters of mark, it is expedientfor the better dif hard pri** cipline and government of such Jbips, that all persons who enter ab^in^the " themfeeves on board the said Jbips Should be under proper regulati same manner onsy and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and ox on board chief commanders of the said Jbips 5 be it therefore enabled by the of War authority aforesaid, That all offences committed by any officer 

or seaman on board any privateer or merchant (hip, having taken letter of mark, during the present hostilities with Ftancty (lull be puniihed in such manner as the Idte offences are punishable on board hi majesty’s (hips of war. 

XV Provided always. That all offenders who (hall be ac Offenders accused of such crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, cufcd of crimes (hall be confined on board such privateer or merchant (hip car onf^b^a6 rymg letter of mark, on which such offence (hall be commit court martia!, ed, until they (hall arrive in some port in Great Britain or lrelandy to be confined or can meet with such a number of his majesty’s (hips of war board, C abroad as are sufficient to make a court-martial; and upon application made, by the commander of such privateer or merchant (hip carrying letter of marqu*, to the lord high admiral 

of Great Britain, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high, admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or the' commander in chief of his majesty’s said (hips qf war abroad, the said lord high admiral, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or such commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a court-martial for uyingand punishing the said offences. 

XVI And whereas good and necessary laws have been madeyand Privateers 

ardjiill in Jorce, within feyeral of bis majejly's colonies or plantations fabjeft to the in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said colonies or eft ai 

plantations any servant or Jlave without the confcrit of the owner; or blilhed in bri the carrying off from thence any other person or persons whomfoevery tifh colon es in untilfuch perfon/ball have taken out his ticket from the J'ecretarfs office going into the 

A a 3 jvitbin Pom there 

35® Annd dcdmo nono Georgii III C 67. [1779. 

within such refpeffive colony or plantation, infucb manner, and un~ dft fifth fienaffio atfd forfeiturej, as in and if the aid several laws if fohred ati# provide; bit therefore further enacted by the V awhpri^y aforesaid, That ol\ commanders of private flrips of 

ty?gr pr jpex.charu (hips, having tetters of piarque, (hall. Upon tbpir gpmg into aqy of jbofp ports qr harbours, be fobjeft, and thpjr are hereby determined to be fubjefi, to the fcvefal directions, prpvifions, penalties, and forfeitures, in and by such W made and prqvipcd; anything ip this *& contained to the cpnfrarv thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 

Judge to finish xvii And, for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation, the prepara of pjhpr determination, of aqy prize, ship, or veiled, goods or tio?, c^th re Wtcfo prizes, already taken, thereafter to be taken, its afore fpeft to the * kid, and for leaning the ex^enccs that have hecn yfua! in the capture with like p?fe$, be it further enacted by the authority afore&td. That id 5 day. the judge or judges of ny court of admiralty, or other person qr perrons thereto a^thorifed, (hall, within the fpacs 6f five days after request to him or them for that purpose made, (piifh tfi£ ufo?l preparatory examination of the' persons commonly examined in fucb cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful prize or Motion to nqt; aqd that tie proper raomtjoq usual in such cafes (hall be w W W ifosd, py the person or persons proper to ifiue the feme, and jxjiy* wfte? foan ^ executed in the usual ipannef, by the person or persons requested. proper tp execute the same, within the space of three days after If no claim request in that behalf made; and in cafe no claim of fudi cap thereupon be tur$, ship, vessel, or goods, (hall be duly entered or made m made within a the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty days limited time, notjcc after t|lc execution of foch monition; or if there be such f claim, and the claimant or claimants shall not, within five days, 

cufoan][ ' * giv® foment security (to be approved of by foch court of ad * 1 miralty) to pay double costs to the captor or captors of such fbip, veftej, or goods, in cafe the same fo claimed (hall be adjudged lawful prize; that then the judge or judges of such court of admiralty (hall, upon producing to him or them the said examinations, or copies thereof, and upon producing to him pr them, upon oath, all papers and writings which (hall have been found, taken in or with such capture; or upon oath ... nase (hat no papers or writings were found; immediately, and proccecfforth ^bho.ut further delay, proceed to sentence, either to discharge with to fen and acquit such capture, or to adjudge and condemn the feme fence. as lawful prize, according as the cafe (hail appear to him or 

them, upon perusal of such preparatory examinations, and also of the other papers and writings found, taken in or with such If claim be en capture, if aoy papers or writings (hall be found; and in cafe tered and fe such claim (hall be duly entered or made, and fecurify given enrity riven, thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of thisad, khew’is aqa there (hall appear no occasion to examine any witnefies m’nation, Sic other than those who (ball be then neac to such court of admi to he had and ralty, that then foch judge or judges fltajl forthwith cause foch made within witness to be examined within the foacc of ten days after such *<?«•’ ' ' * ‘ claim 

1779k*] Anno, decrnio qquo. oeojujji 111. C 67. claim made, and foeqrvy given, and proceed to such sentence aa aforefajd toqohing such capture; but in cafe upon malting or entering such claim, and the allegation and the oath thereupon, Qr the producing such papers or writings as fljaj] have been found or taken in or with such capture, or upon the frid preparatory examinations, it (hall appear doubtful, to the judge or judges of such court of admiralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not, and it (ball appear necessary, according to the circumstances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fucb doubt, to have an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties, apd admitted bv the judge, of witneses that are remote from such court of admiralty, and; such examination shall be desired, and that it be (HU infixed, on behalf of the captors, that the (aid capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be ftijl perilled in on the claimants behalf, that then the (aid judge or judges (hall forthwith cause such capture to be appraised by persons to be named by the parties, and appointed by the court, and fworo truly to appraise. the Caine according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, 1 for which purpose, the laid judge or judges (hall cause the goods, found on board to, be unladen and (an inventory thereof being, fjf(t taken, if the judge or judges (hall think necessary, by the marshal of the admiralty or his. deputy) (hall cause them to be pnt intp proper wareboufes, with separate locks of the colletfflf and comptroller,. of the cufioms, and where there is no (jompttoljer, of the naval officer, and the agents or petfood employed by the captors and claimants,, at the charge of the party or panics desiring the feme) and (hall, after such appraisement made, and within the space of fourteen days after the making of such claim, proceed tp take good end fufficicnl security from the, claimants to pay the qaptqrs the full value thereof, according to fucb appraisement, in cafe the same (had be adjudged lawful prize; and (hall also proceed tp. take good and sufficient fecqrity from the captors to pay fucb costs as the cqurt (hall think proper, ip cafe fucb (hip (nail not he. condemned as lawful prize i, and after such securities duly given, the said judge or judges (hall make an interlocutory order for releasing qr delivering the same to such claimant or claimants, or bis qr their agpnts. and the same (hall be actually released or delivered 

nd it is hereby fur her enacted by the authority, afore feid, That if any claimant or claimants dull refuse to g*ve such security, the judge or judges (hall cause the captor or captors in ljke mapper to give good and fuffiefent security tq pay the feid claimant qr claimants the full value thereof according to the apprsifsrnent, in cafe airy such capture or captures (hall be adjudged nqt to be lawful prize; and the fed judge qr judges (hall thereupon proceed to make aq interlocutory order for the Sfleafeng and delivering the same to the said captor or captors, qr their agents. 

XIX Provided always That nothing in this at contained (hall be copftrued to restrain his Majesty, his heirs and success 

A a 4 ors. 

ictbcfegautn 

of the capture (hall spwtar doubtful, and the parties persist 

in litigating their rigpt^ 

the judge (haft order the capture to be apprised, 

and the goo^.t to be unloaded and lodged in ware hoofes, and an inventory taken thereof j 

and upon security for full value taken of the claimants. 

stnd for costs, of the capjpcf, 

(hall make order for release of the capture to claimant. 

Claimant refuting, and captor giving 

judge to make order for delivery of prize to captor. 

His Majesty gwf tyck further rules 

(^.ooqle 

Anno decimo nono Georgii UI. C 67. [ 1779. 

and directions ors, from giving such further roles and directions to his re tothec»um fpe&ive Courts of admiralty for the adjudication and condem as henjh.vy nation of prizes, as by his Majesty, his heirs ahd successors, judge proper, with the advice of his or their privy council, (hall be thought necessary or proper. 

Captures XX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 

made in Ame tt»at all such captures as aforefa d, which (lull be brought into der the‘oin?" IS ^aje^y>s dominion in America, in order to be pro 

carvof theat cce^ed against to condemnation in any of his majesty’s viceofficers of the admiralty courts, (hall, without breaking bulk, stay there, and cmioms and be under the joint care and custody of the collector and comp captors, till troller of the cdftoms, or, where there is no comptroller, of acquitted F the naval officers of the port or place where the fatne (hail be there. 1 brought, and of the captors thereof, or their agents; subject to. the directions of the court of vice admiralty, until the same (hall, by final sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid (Hall have been made for the reupon con leasing or delivering of the same; and, upon the condemnation ^rizetobe* or a4iuc^cation thereof‘as lawful prize, (hall, in cafe the fatne Schvcred to were ta^ert by any private (hip or (hips commissioned as afore the captors.. said, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, or their agents, to be by them disposed of as their goods and chattels; and in cafe the same were taken by any of his majesty’s (hips of war, unto such person or persons, and to be disposed of and divided as his Majesty by his proclamation hath already ordered and directed, or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (hall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes, order and direct. 

Book! and XXI And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid, writings found That all books, papers, and writings, found in any (hip or on board any ve(tel taken as prize, (hall without delay be brought into the Eedifpofed of. registry of the court of admiralty wherein such (hip or vessel * be proceeded against in order to condemnation; but that such only of the said books, papers, and writings, (hall be made use of and translated as (hall be agreed or infilled upon by the prd&ors of the ftveral parties, captors or claimants, or, in cafe of no claim, by the captor or register, to be necessary for afeertaining the property of such (hip or veste), and cargo thereof. 

Judge, or XXII And be it further en a died by the authority aforesaid, 

other officer, That if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any in Amenca, of his majesty’s plantations or dominions abroad, to whom re c fpedlively it (nail appertain, (hall delay the doing, performing, 

tay^n ex°cutc* ma^ing, or pronouncing, any of the several proceedings, mating bis duty, or things, for, towards or relating to, condemning or 

difeharging, releasing or delivering, of any such capture in manner aforesaid, within the respective times herein before limited, or as soon as the same, or any of them, ought to be. done, according to the tenor and troe meaning of this adl; all 

forfeits 500 /., nj eyery fucij judge and judges and other officer and officers, 

(hall. 

J! ‘ » ' >. » 

1779.] Anno decimanono Geougii III 0, 67. - 359 

(hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred f. pounds; orte moiety thereof to hw Majesty, his heifs and fuc. 1 

ceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuit, to with full eoft*.; such person or persons who (hall inform or sue for the same in 5 

any of the courts in or for any of his majesty’s colon.ifes.of.. plantations, or in any of his majfefty’s court of record withia.! his kingdom of Great Britain. 

XXIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, See of court That there (hall not be paid, unto or among all the judges and oncondem officers of such court of admiralty in any of his majesty’s plantations 

or dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to, thfe America, adjudging or condemning of such capture as aforesaid as lawful > 

prize, above the sum of ten pounds, in cafe such prize, (hip, for tcflels or veftel, be under the burden of one hundred tonnes; nor above the sum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the same be of that or atiy* ’ * 

greater burden; and that upon payment of either of the said; vf/# * respective sums, as the cafe (hall require, to the said judge or upon payment judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or di oft he tee, vided, as he or they (hall think fit, among rhe officers of such judges C * such judges and officers, and every of them, (hall be LI t0 th able to all and every the several penalties hereby imposed for twsfotmgkd neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and reor delay $ fpe&ive duties or offices, in and relating to the several proceed duty, ings aforesaid, within the respective times herein for that purpose limited. 

XXIV Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enabled Judgement of by the authority aforesaid. That if any captor or captors, claimant 

or claimants, (hall not rest fatjsfied with the fenrence given in such court of admiralty in any of his majesty’s plantations or dominions abroad, it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said court of admi r ralty to the commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, appeals in causes of prizes 5 such appeal to be interposed and received in the like manner as appeals have been usually interposed and received from the high court of admiralty within this kingdom; fo as the same be made within fourteen Appeal to be. days after fenrence, and good fecuritv be likewise given by the ra**jc appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute f/ntence^and such appeal, and answer the condemnation, and also pay treble feenrity to be costs, as (hall be awarded, in cafe the sentence of such court of jpv«n to proadmiralty be affirmed; anything in this at before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. amc* C 

XXV Provided always, That he execution of any sentence e*«cution of fo appealed from as aforesaid, (hall not be suspended by reason 

of such appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate (hall give ed thereupon sufficient security, to be approved of by the court in which such if the appellate sentence (hall be given, to restore the (hip, vessel, goods, of f*cfjjuritlr effects, concerning which such sentence (hall be pronounced, or or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe V ue the sentence fo appealed from (hall be reversed. 

XXVI And 

360. Anno dftcknq »tqaq Q*9*GU IU C $/. [1779, 

Person, who XXVI Ami be it eqa^od, That in cats any parish wh* 

ttin" te*(uft W, S aqt a ?*«)» '*fo first instance of the cause (hall fo inauca, in ** from % feweoce given in any admiralty coqn, 

terpofingm fob fw(on, gx fo pr her agent, (hall at the (ante titnc ««* appeal, is to bis QT hoc dw otfcervmf* fu^b apptal (hs$ ta null d void 

>tnthlbr*^m ^ II And he it further ena^ed by the authority atfoe&id, time. That n cafc any appeal soil he inter pofqd from a fcntenw w 

Iti fe of »»- ^ ^balty court concerning any (hip, voi^ or goods and peaktho foge affect which have been, or now arq, « shall heacatter be feixed may, m there, or taken as ptiee, that then apd in, fob cafe the judge of sob, qoeft, ire. cf court of admiralty (hall and may, at the request, oofo, and citinuntord^r ^rgfs, either of the captor or claimant, or of the claimant the csptnfc t only in. cafes where the privilege is refervfd in favour of the beagprumt claimant, by any treaty or treaties fobfifting between hie m jefty and foreign powers, make an order to hare foeb capture appraised, ufot* the parties (hall otherwise agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory taken, and then take feenritv for the aadititvsr w full value thereof accordingly; and thereupon cause wch cap whe'nitslie foc tq be delivered to the party giving fob fourity, in like 

recwkyfofthe m»ot»er as is herein before erased, wtwithftattding fob ap fuh vote peal; and if there (hall be any difficulty or fofficient phje<8top t the giving Ot taking of security, the fajd judge (hall, at three, in cafe of eb, .qucit of either of the parties, order fob gonna and effect ho be jettion to lak Cmcred, landed, and sold by pnbhck au^iion, under the cnee and 

the it'xn enftody of the proper officers of the cuffoms, and under the di heitiw p»«y region and in/peflion qf fob personas soil he appointed by aaqweft it. or. the claimant; and captors > and the moneys atifog by foh sale de the *&&» (hall be depofod in the bank of $hgkn&> or in some pvibhck aoffio ' Ac focuri.ties, and in the names of sob truftes* as the captors and “!on’,. claimants (hall jointly appoint, and the court (hall approve, fo faieto<be°deb* fo nfe and heneht of the parties who (hall be adjudged to be posited in the entitled thereto; and if fuqh security (hall he WWW by the bank, C claimants, then it is hereby also ena£m, that fuah judge (hall give q fucb captured (hip or vessel a pat, to prevent M being taken again by his majesty’s (ubje&s in it defttned voyage. Penalty on XX VIH. And be it further enabled by fo authority afoefrirf, «vwv judge, That no judge, register, or deputy register, inar(h»l, qf deputy regiftet, or mar(hal» or any other officer wjiatfoevcr, of or bifotejmj to other officer ?„y wgrt tf admiralty, or vice admiralty, in Grtai iforfoie or an+ewt of irem*. qr ip any of his majesty’s colonies and pfotatiopa in admiralty, 4” t<r(«, or 'U any other of his majesty’s dominion, not nay who.(hall be perfon.or persons prachftng either as advocate, ptfofo, or other interem in wise, in any fob court or courts, (hall be concerned or itw** any privateer. diredhy Qf foireduy, as owner, part qqncs, (Hape^ or 

adventure, in any private Il'ip or mips, or vehel or veffela qf war wliatfovcr, having ny comnudioa or cenwlpwwi e? aforefoid * and in cafo any fob judge, regdler, deputy fegifts*, tjjar(hal, deputy marshal, or other.officer, advocate, or proctor vyhatcoever, (ball notwithftaadiug this be difouy or iodl re<5liy concerned qr ioterefted as atorefaid, fob judge, remitter, deputy register, qr tparatal, depv^ WPW»1* Ot ofor officer rer a fpedively 

- 

1779.3 Anpq docifnp WPP QWRPU UJ. P $7. 

fpe&ively, (ball, for such pffjppe, (bppg theregfbiurfplly oppt vided, either upon intorfljatjpa pr indi&iqent ip gpy of hit maiefty’s courts of record, pr at any get>era| or qqaftqr fc(jitms pf five peace), ^bfolutejy forfeit his pfficq qpd eipplaytpppt jq and belonging to any fqcjj cpqrt .of jtdmif?uy, pr vjpq, a3flmti>toy» of What Ring or nature soever fqcb pffice gr etqplpypggpf j happen to be, and (hall glfg forfeit ?pd pay, 19 tbq yfe of bit jviajefty, his heirs qpd fuccpflors, (hq sum pf gpe hundred pounds; and every (uch advocate or proctor refppftjv^iy for such last mentioned offence, (being thereof lawffpjly frqgyi$* ed in manner aforesaid), bq ffopi thenceforth abfplptqly d&ws * lifted, and rendered tor ever incapable pf practising, either a ft an jdvqcqte or proctor, in any of h|s majesty’s coprts pf adgpraltj qr vice admiralty Wherefoqver. 

XXIX And be it further cnadfed by the authority ?foyeftjd, if*v"t»j*er* 

Thai no register or deputy register, or apv mjrfhyl, pr *h»s£g£s; marshal, of or belonging to apy of ht$ m?jefty s cqqrj* of any court of mirajty, or vice admiralty, whajfqeyer, fligl) citbqr dint<$lyor admiralty,; indirectly,, by himfe|f or tlk^felyem qr by apy pgqqt qr ?g9nfr, ft. 

or othef person or perfoqs whatever, tfk pr hie 9pp<ftrfted iq * 

any tpanner^ either as an adyopate or proctor, in paqfa, ’ 

matter or bufiaefs whatfoeyer, (hat fhq|l bp d$pcndiqg ip gny such cqurt or courts of *dmitfftty, qr yiafridfpwlfjt t9 wbi§rk such register, deputy register, m*rfh*l, qr dqpwy 1% ftttji 

then belong; and that every register. deputy regifttp, n&?r(h?l» hf or deputy m^rfh^l, who (hall be guilty of such qffenqp, (bqiug hu C thereof lawfully convicted, ei(he( qpoq an infqrmafiqn or indteu ment, in manner aforesaid), (hall from thenceforth forfeit his refpc&ive office and employpneqt qf regijtqjf, deputy register, marftul, or deputy marftia^ in and belonging to the same court. 

XXX And be, it further en, a, Cted by *h?au(hqr»ly a(wfaid^captor«break that if any commander or commanders, officer or qacgrt* jn8 bul^or (eamen, marines, soldiers, or others, (hall hr$qk bulk W bwd>the effribfto or embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, good, ipwhaon forfeit treble diqe, tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging o any prise value j 

or prizes, such commander, officer, fyamam (n^rin^ fpldiar, or others, (hall forfeit treble the value of all such mpn*y% jw. else, plate, goods, merchandise, (ackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they (hall embezzle; one third part thereof to be to one third tq the use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other (wq third partagr^n", ch thereof to him or them that will issue for thp lame, by action of jheother^wo debt, plaint, or information, in finy court of recordliq Great to the prose ftritain; in which qo eflpin, protection, or wager pf law, orcutor. more than one imparlance, (hall b allowed. 

XXXI And be it further enacted by tl^e aqthqrify afewefipd, Appraise that all appraifem^nts and (ales, of any (hip or (ups, gpeda* mentt and Wares, or igerchan^iw, » (h^ll bp by, m of his mr 

jeftj’s (hip, % pf vr85, (bafl be in»4e by agents pf pqrfp»s noaau King, (hip., 

nated and appointed, ip. eqpal numbers, by the pyg officers os to be made bf 

dag officer, captains or capjain^ officers or pffit^f, (bipa* coma the agent for 

pgqjcgtbc officers 

2^2 

and crew concerned in the capture. 

The abcpre ciaufe not to exfend to privateers. 

Agents to exhibit and register, within limit d time, their letter of attorney in the court where the prize (hall be condemned, on penalty of 500/. 

Anno dedmo nono Georgti III C 67. £ 1779* 

pames or lhi p’s company, and others, entitled thereunto; 

ithat is to fay), that if the flag officers or flag officer of any eet dr squadron bf (hipp, as (hall take any such prize, or prizes, (or the majority of such flag officers, if more than one), ( (hall nominate and appoint one or more person or persons agent or agents to sell or appraise the same, as aforesaid, then .the captains and commanders, or captain and commander, entitled thereunto, or the majority of them, (if more than one), (hall nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents to aft for them; and all the other officers, under the degree of a captain and commander, entitled thereto, or the major part of them, (hall also nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents to aft for them'; and a!) the crews of the feveraf (hips companies of the fleet or. squadron, or (hip’s company, and others', entitled thereto, or the major part of them, (hall likewise nominate and appoint the same number of persons or agents to aft on their behalf in such appraisement or sale. 

XXXII Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be construed to alter or make void any agreement or .agreements made, or to be made, in writing, between the owners, officers, ' and feameri, of any private (hips or vefiels of war. 

XXXIII And belt further enacted by. the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who (hall be (o nominated and appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, for any pnze ot prizes, taken by any (hip or (hips, vessel or vefiels of war, or by any merchant (hip or (hips employed in his majesty’s service, or having letters of mark, or for receiving the bounty herein after granted, and which prize or prizes (hall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britainy or in any of the courts ot admiralty in any of his majesty’s plantations in America or in any other his majesty’s dominions where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, (hall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said high court .of admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective courts of admiralty in America, or in any other his majesty’s dominions whefe the said prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes afore (aid; and if any person or persons, fo appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, (hall refuse or neglect foto do for the space of six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize (hall be given in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain•, or in America, or other his majesty’s dominions for the care and distribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents, such person or persons, fo refusing or neglecting, (hall forfeit the futn of live hundred pounds, to be recovered, by him or them who (hall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his majesty’s dominions; in which noeffoin, protection, or wager oflaw, or more than one imparlance, (hall bc‘allowed, 

XXXIV And 

1779-3 Anno decimo nono Georoii III C 67. 363 

XXXIV And be it further enacicd by the authority afore regwewin • said, That the register or registers of his majesty’s high court of admiralty, and of all other courts of admiralty in Great enter?!! let britain, and other his majesty’s dominions, (hall, from time to tersofattor time, duly enter or register, or cause to be, entered or registered, ney delivered in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for 10 lhen[, » that purpose only, all letters of attorney that (hall be exhibited p^/ukeit or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth day of Junty one by hi majef thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, by any agent or ty’s ships, C agents for any prize or prizes taken of to be taken, by any of nay! his majefly’s (hips or vessels of war, or by any agent or agents tr e ryi for the receipt and distribution of any bounty bill or bills, with jn fourteen days after the same (hall be fo exhibited or delivered to such register or registers, at his or their respective offices; which registry (hall contain the days of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the.(hips of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the names of the (hips or yeftels by which such prizes (hall have been taken, or by which such (hips of war or privateers of the enemy (hall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwife'deftroyed* together with the date of the condemnation, and of appeal if any interposed;; the feeifler totranf or registers (hall, on the twenty sixth day of December % ana the twenty-fifth day of June or within forty days thereafter, in yearly/to the every year, transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said jtreafurer of hofphali pr to the lawful deputy of such treasurer for the time being, a true copy or tranfeript, under his or their hand or “P hands, of all such entries as aforesaid within the preceding half year; and if such register or registers (hall neglect or refuse to make or keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof, as aforesaid, within the respective times herein before limited for that purpose, he or they (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by on forfeiture action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his f majesty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wrfger of liw, of more than pne imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

XXXV Provided always. That if any agent or agents (hall Agent hp. be appointed after the time any fenten<; e of condemnation in pointed after any of the said courts*of admiralty (hall be given, such agent or condemnation agents (hall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to ^fter toilet be registered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letters fm of ittor or letter of attorney, appointing him or them agent or. agents as ney in like aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date manner, cof the said letter or letters of attorney. 

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afprefaid, Registers, on 

That the register or registers of all and every the court pnd ^of^otranfi count of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations ifijme* yearly to 

ricay or elsewhere in any other of bis m^jefty’s dominions, (halj the treasurer yearly" and every year, upon the twenty-third day of q£jeber% or of Greenwich ^ ........ C “Within h°rplul# 

£% Aoflo detittrd gif0*gfi rfl. C £7. f 177$. 

pit of till It wkmn ttlfrff* <hrieft6ar ihtiritfts riext after th same, triale out and t<r* •jj***^ tnntforibe trtot tophi 6f ell arid every frichr letfct arid letters of inftkircmm. **k*n*y at (Kali be fd reghwred Iri the said corurt rir courts, to ttmte tb sflt ^hichtbejtfd^e arid jridger A the said tb\tri anrd tburfs (half afex vfthttt fdp hteattd ftibir fell 6( office and theff rti6 fid tegifter arid re tethhtto. pfort (Kan the same to tfttf tteiifuttf of the faid’ royal 

hrffjhtat at dteigf\mth9 td he theft regfift6ft<f, end fo be irifyefled by ally jfcrfdit^jfri; fhdchifgei d? #mcft top'll, arid af^xing the (Ml of fcali theffttd, arid trartfrrtithhg rhe fitfifc to tfre trea agertts to pay kofpwal, lftah id fhridby the Arid agent or agents 

the expense' tflthvtlme df riikktng such ftriftty tsaftfrefirid : and fri cafe tucb rdgijtof' 6f rtfgirtets mill negfeff of ftfufd t6 tfarifcrtbe arid trarif ft fueh testy end critics of the AIM fettef end letters of attorney A tmihmt 4fdrefiid, (if stay (his Alps iri that time' rttad fm (torn fiickport 6f t>ht€ (6 iify p6tf 6y pbtts\y\ &ioi &ri(aih), fool rfgiftdr rftid regiftet's, (6 riegwairig of rdfulirfg, ftiatf forfeit h fifth 61 fivd htfridfttf dt/rirrdl, to bd ftcriveft'd by’ httri dr them Who frill frit fdt the rathe, by aaibri' of debt, bill, plaint, erf irtfeprfiitfod, Hi arty cbdrt of retrifd ?ri Gttdt Mritdih or ame rkss rfrfdfetimvd iri" ariy othdf of his nfijdftyv dominions, in Which f&efloitf, pftlteaittn, of'tfrtfgfcr Of liftf, 6r mofc than one hiftfeftfthc*, flrafl bestftovted. 

xxxtii. Afid9 fdf the inbtt ejftmdt ttokhlg feh Utters of at 

thereof. 

vine w^ivn ur iav.il kuu suiu ituwio wi 4iu/iu«jr, «uu VI u«ui* 

to W iiinwi^ cupttjofldei* fal, tfarifrtiitted by tfte said I'egiifcf' or agency of fiich bd ooortf 4rtd cwurfsop ddttfinflty1 iri hi! fifajtfty*s plantatidrisin peribu. ahrfkoi tile elfewhete within his Wajetldisrhlnioris, nd mgiftbmkf by tbd Aid tr4afafrr of gtemutcf) htjjhtejy aajujvod tvfltf'td'tithe'j m.d.. at all ritrttfi hewaftev, b4 goixi arid (ufficlcn’t <mdth4b df thd agfericy of tfte’ perfort of pdrfohs' to wh6tn'fu3i tewin' Of attotlityis or (ball tiel madfe; : and from time' to'tiaiei m.d.. at all ntn^ hereafter, (hail bef adhiitfed, without further ojr Otbef pyoof thetiof, to be' ldgaf evidence', in all his Majelfy^ oourts> of te&m dflaw* or equity; arty law, custom, or usage', 

*0 tho'corttwry thereof in arty wlfe'notwhliftariding. 

Attntitogive XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afordiid*, public notiot fhat aftef the fale'or'faies of ahy' prii'tf ot' pfiz'es, which slave •ppofnts*for‘ ^tedlf OY' shall bftakeri frdtrt the enetriy by arty df hls Majeftjt's ■ ^ment of ffiipi of Was, ptibhck notihtatioh, in manner herein after men rtbnedr shall be glvetl by the' pttfows Of agents appointed as aftwfcw, (dr (Hdprfyqieftt of the fev«?ral ftiares fc the captors afdreaid; thafis to say, if the prize or prized! rtiall have'been oefhfil be'cbndettfrted iri his'rlajefty’s high Cobrt or other court of admiralty in Great britbift, theh the' peffoh'of perforis, ajgerit Of agerth, appointed ot tbbe appoirited iri puirudrice drum 

.ui eoij Loe.: jal rt.' n 

the (hares to thc captors i 

(peifiv'dfyi it 

though ltmm 'qa&hty asid^if ccwdethned1 iri'ahy cbilrt'ot‘courts 'df 

admiralty 

1779*3 Anno decline nono Georgii IH. c.fiy* 5*5 

admiralty br vice admiralty in any ocher of his majesty’s dominions then such per fen or peribns, agent dr agents as aforefoid* 

(hafu insert and puwifl*, or cause to be iaferted and pabliflicd* such notification under his or their hand or hands respectively in the Grarffe, or fomfe other newipaper of pubikk authority, of the iftand or place where the prize or prizes (hall have been or fhau be condemned; and if there (hall be no £*&//*, or such other newspaper published there, then in feme or one of the most poblick newspapers of such island or place $ and all persons aad fall deli or agents publuhing* or caufine to be published, every sech nov r the cok tification respectively, (hall deliver to the collector cilftomcr, or fearchcr, for the time being of his majesty’s cuftotns reading at of ^ or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prfees imrfl ncwjpapera have been or (hall be condemned or the lawful deputy or dec. in whiofe putiefc ert such collector, coftomer* or fearchcr 5 and if there (hall [ “ch be m fetch collector, Customer dr fearfcher, then such perfent jn™rted. or agents as aforesaid (hall deliver, to the principal officer or * 

officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes (hell. Wave been or (hall be condemned or to the lawful deputy or deputies of sech principal officer or officers, two of the Gantries or other ncwfpapcrs to which such notifications (ball be fc infected ottd published;; if there dial) nbt be any publkk newspapers in any such iflakad or place then sech per lost Ur perfobs, agent ot agehta* (hu give two such notifications in writings under Ink or thtir rdpeftive hand or hands, to the feid colleger, cufiotncr or fearchcr, or the deputy or deputits of sech collector, uftwnct* or featoher, or where (here (hall be no sech oohcctbr* cafte*ief\ or feardter, tb sech principal officer or officerfi, or Ms or their deputy br deputies aforeftid 1 and every sech come&or* cufto who (hall tub mer, or fearchcr, and principal officer or officers, or such deputy nbc lh* or deputies (hah fubferibe his Or their name Or names on feme one 

coti^mcuous port of both the feid Gazettes, toewfpapet*, or 0f them to the written notifications refpe&ivety, and by the first (hip Wbfch treasurer of Hull fail (after his or their receipt of fechgadeltcs* new (paper Jjreenwich or written notifications rcfpe&ivfcly) from such port or ppsto* to any port of Gre* Bfikrins (hah thanfmit or send, K the treoferef gtgnedl. of the royid hbfpltal at Greettwhh, or the deputy of such trea furtr, fer the time being, one of the fajd grmdftes* aewfpopers^ or written notifications, with his or their natnt or name fe febferibed to and open the same rofpcdtively* to be theta registered 4 and (kail fetthfuuy praferve and keep the other of thfe feid two Gazettes, •newfpapcrs, or written notifications With his arehdir hame or names theroeto ferbferibed as oferefeid, fe his tor their custody f and that in every sech printed or written notification as aforesaid the feid person or pertas* agent or agents, (hall insert or specify his or their piaoeor pieces cfsbodo, end the predfeda, of the (Month and year appointed far the p»nht of the fererad end rc/pcitire (hbros of the iprize Of <pnads tt the weptors t and ell such wotdkibttam, tvith telbeft madaeatfam> to prices'oondetofted or to trcomkemfttod i ri Brittti** (hail **^**8** he pubhibed ia the Zmifos Gmritt threedaiprat leeft before senuttfet 

apf 

366 

'Great Britain to be publiflieti in the London Gazette, three days before any (hare (hali be paid, C 

Shares of roll men, and of fach*s (hati • hot be demanded within s years, to be paid to Greenwich Hospital. 

Any agent for appraitement or (ale of prizes taken by his Majesty's (hips of war, C who (halt neglect to publish proper notifications before payment, (hall forfeit ipo/.s 

and collector, Sec. of the customs neglecting to at teftortranfmit the same, (hall be liabk to the same penalty. 

Notifications tran Trait ted and attested as aforesaid, and regiftcred at Greenwich Hospital, (hall 

Anno dedmo’noho geoftdi* III C 6j. [1779. 

any part or parts, (hare or proportion, of any such prize or prizes, (hall be paid to any person' or persons infilled thereto; and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other part of his majesty’s dominions, (hall be delivered to the said collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective deputy or deputies, three days at least before any part or parts, (hare or proportion, of any such prize or prizes (halt be paid to any person or persons entitled thereto : after which several and respective notifications, if any man’s (hare (hah remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such men as (hail be run from his majesty’s service, or which (hall not be legally demanded within three years, then such (hare or (hares fo remaining in the per font or agents hands, or belonging to such men as (hall ran from his majesty’s service, (hall go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital 

XXXIX And he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or agent, appointed, or to be appointed, for appraisement or sale of any prize or prizes, taken, or to he taken, from the enemy, by any of his majesty’s (hips or vessels of war, pr for the diftributioh of any bounty*money, (hall neglect or refuse to publi(h, give, or deliver, any notification herein directed or required to be published, given, or delivered, or (hall not publish, give, or deliver, any such notification, before the payment of any part of such prize or bounty money, and within the times herein respectively limited, or in the manner herein appointed; or (hall not ipecity or fet forth, in such notification, the matters and things herein directed to be specified and fet forth \ every such person or agent (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his majesty’s dominions, in which no eflbtn, 

firotedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one itnpar ance, (hall be allowed: and if any colledor, customer, or searcher, of his majesty’s customs, or principal officer br officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, (hall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or (hall not transmit or send, any such Gazette, newspaper, or written notification, as aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such colledor, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the turn of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered. 

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the notifications in all such gazettes, newspapers, and in writings respectively, as aforesaid, which (hall be fo transmitted and arttefted by such colledor, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as 

aforesaid, 

^.ooqle 

1779*3 Annb decimo rtorio Georgii III C 6j. 367 

aforesaid, and registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of Hospital, (hall the handwriting of such coliedor, customer, searcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, agencycof the and at all times, shall) be good and Sufficient evidence, in all pcrfonstbere his majesty’s tourts of law and equity, that the person or per in mentioned, fons whose name or names is or are thefein fet forth and specified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes therein re fperiively mentioned, is or are such agent or agents. 

XLI And whereas great numbers of Ships of neutral nations. Commifliori* may pafs the Jens laden with naval jlores, intended to be carried to. the ports oj France, whereby his Majefiys enemies may hot only be for \hc King enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm privateers to destroy the use, naval trade of his Majesty's fubjefls, but may also be supplied tvith mate ^ on board rials to build and fit out Ships of war, to annoy and invade his ma jejlfs dominions: and whereas diverse Ships of neutral nations, laden port ?be as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the ports of Great Bri King s (hips mi tain, and the purehafe offuch naval ftoresy laden on board such Ships privateer. of neutral nations, for the service of his Majefiy, may in many, cafes be expedienty. without proceeding to the condemnation thereof; be it therefore further enaried by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the principal officers and commissioners of his majesty’snavy for the time being, or their officers or agents, during the continuance of the present hostilities with France, to purehafe, on the account or for the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs only, all or any such naval ltores found on boar*any such (hips of neutral nations, which have been, (hall, or may hereafter be brought into any of the ports of this kingdom, by any of his majesty’s (hips or vessels, or by any private (hips or vessels of war, or other (hips or vessels having commissions or letters of mark; and that the commissioners and officers of the customs for the time being (hall and may permit and suffer such naval (lores, fa. purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom; anything in an act of parliament, ** Car. 4* passed it the twelfth year of his late majesty King Charles the ^wllh«w second, entitled, An afl for the encouraging and inercafing of jhip ping and navigation, contained to the conti ary thereof in any wise notwithftandmg. 

XLII And, as a further encouragement to the officers, sea Bounty mo men, marines, soldiers, and others, on board his majestyvj|^y pay*btet0 (hips of war, as alio of privateers, to attack, take, and destroy, b^h^na^ any (hips of force belonging to the enemy; be it enaried by office, for all the authority aforesaid. That there (hall be paid, by the trea »nen on board surer of his majesty’s navy, upon bills to be maue forth by the commissioners of the navy, to be paid according to the course decoyed * thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who (hall have been actually on board any of bis majesty’s (hip or (hips of war, or privateer or privateers, at the taking, or finking, or burning, or otherwifb destroying, any ship or (hips of war belonging to the enemy, since the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Vol. XXXII Bb and 

Numbers to Southeast afctrtained upon oath) 

and a certificate granted thereof, and produced to the commissioners of the navy, with copy of (hip's condemnation; unless the (hip be sunk or destroyed. 

Dividend to be made according to prpportion fttllcd by proclamation, ^. 

Where such o*tb and certificate cannot be made and had at the first port, 

the same may Ur dene at any other port 

Anno ffetimo nona Gsoaan HI. cf \*trb 

Sod evenly eight, five pounds for every roan who was Kviog on board any (hip or (hips fo taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwifo destroyed, at the beginning oath attack or engagement between them; the numbers of fucb men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men which were belonging to the said (hip or (hips of war or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the mayor, or other chief magistrate, of the port within any of his majesty’s dominions whereuntoany prize, or officers or men of such (hips, as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, (hall be brought; or before the Brit 'tjb confui or vice * consul residing at any neutral port to which such prize, or officers or men, (hall be brought; which oaths the (aid mayor, or other chief magistrate, of any such port, or consul or vice con full, are hereby refpectiveiy empowered and required to administer, and (hall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without foe or reward, directed to the commissioners of the navy; upon producing which certificate to the comraiffioners of his ma jefty’6 navy, together with an authentic copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation of fuchftiip fo taken; or where such certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation, whereby the number of men on board, such hips of the enemy (hall appear to have been proved; or if such (hip be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magistrate, or consul or vice consul, as aforesaid, the said commilnoners of his majesty’s navy, or suck person or persons as they (hall appoint for that purpose, (ball, according to the course of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treasurer of the navy, payable to, aqd to be divided amongfr, the officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board his Majesty** (hips of war, in manner, form, and proportion, as by his mai jefty’s proclamation for granting the distribution of prizes, already issued or to be issued for that purpose, is or (nail be directed and appointed; and amongst the owners, officers, and seamen, of any private (hip or vessel of war, in such manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they (hall have entered into for that purpose, (hall be directed. 

XLIII Provided nevertheless. That in all cafes where fqch oath and certificate cannot be administered and granted at the first port whereunto any prize, or officers or men of such (hips as h^ve been, or (hall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, (hall be brought, such oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes that (hall be taken, or to any (hips of his majesty’s enemies that (hall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as aforesaid, (hall and may be administered and taken by and before the mayor, or other chief magistrate, of any port within any of his majesty’s dominions, or by or before the British consul, or vice consul, residing at apy neutral port whereunto any 

prize 

, *779\l Anno decitfca nono gfcorgli tit. C 6; * 

prize or prizes, or officers or men of any (hips belonging to His majesty’s enemies as have been, or (halt be, taken, sunk; burnt, or othervrife destroyed, (hall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being first made, by affidavit before such per fbn or persons, of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such certificate, at the said first port and the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, (hall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are hereinbefore directed; which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same were granted by the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, or the port to which such prize or prizes, officers ot men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought; anything herein con lained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 

XLIV Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any (hip, vessel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein (hall appear, and be proved, in any court of admiralty, to have belonged to any of his majesty’s subjects of Great Britain or ire landor any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his majesty’s protection and obedience, which were before taken or surprised by any of his majesty’s enemies, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from Jiis majesty’s enemies by any ot his majesty’s (hips of war, or any 

Srivate man of war, or other (hip, vessel, or boat, under his lajefty’s protection and obedience; that then such (hips, vef iels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof, as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his majesty’s subjects, (hall in all cafes be adjudged to be restored, and (hall be, by decree of the said court of admiralty, accordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying, for and in lieu of salvage, one eighth part of the true value of the (hips, vessels, boats, and goods, respectively foto be restored; which salvage, if retaken from the enemy by any of his majesty’s (hip or (hips of war, (hall be answered and paid to the captains, officers, and seamen, in his majesty’s said (hip or ships of war, to be divided in such manner as before in this act is directed touching the (hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his majesty’s (hips of war; and if such (hip fo retaken by any of his majesty’s (hip or (hips of war, or by any private man of war, (hall appear to have been, after the taking by the enemy, by them fet forth as a man of war, the former owners and proprietors, to whom the same (hall be restored, (hall be adjudged to pay, and (hall Day, for salvage, the tull moiety of the true value of the said (hip fo taken and restored without deduction, as aforesaid any law, custom, or iifage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bill or bills, so be made out for the bounty hereby granted to the commanders, officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, of his majesty’s (hips of war, for taking, finking, 

B b 2 burning. 

Proof Being made ot suck inability at the fait port. 

Certificate granted thereupon to be valid. 

Prizes whidh bad been taken frons his Majeiiy'f fubie&s not in rebellion tf be restored CO th?m, 

on payment of i stn part of the value thereof; 

but if any' fucb (hip h btren uled by the enemy as a man of ara moiety of the value to be paid on rettor ing thereof. 

Bills for bounty montyro be paiufcqageiufe 

370 

Anno dedmo nonotieorgii IH. c.67. tf779* 

burning, or otherwise destroying, any (hips of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his majesty’s enemies, (hall be mad payable to such person or pfcrfons as (hall be authorised and appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, (hips companies or (hip’s company, and others, entitled thereunto, in like manner as herein before is directed for the nominating and appointing agents for appraise and to be di ments and Tales to be made as aforesaid; the same to be vided amongst distributed and divided, by the said person or persons fo autho the captors. rifccj ancj appointed, amongst the captors, in such manner. Shares not deform, and proportion, as aforesaid;; feyeral (hares of which maiidcd^nh caplors^ jf not legally demanded within three years after public be pjicfovei^ notification, and also of such as (hall run from his Majesty to Greenwich service, (hall be applied to the use of Greenwich Hospital J hoipkal and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby Bounty mo granted to privateers, for taking, burning, finking, or other neytopnva. wise destroying, any (hips of war, or privateers, belonging to d^idvd asv any majesty’s enemies, (hall be made payable to (uch greed among person or persons as (hall be nominated and appointed by the themselves. owner or owners, officers and Teamen, of such privateer or privateers, who (hall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise deft royed, the same or the major part of them, to be divided ip such manner and proportions as (hall have been agreed op by them as aforesaid. 

Ships or mer XLVI And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid taken b 1 That in cafe any (hip or vessel, or any goods or merchandise lufionbypri ta^en or retaken, or restored, without being firflt 

vatcers/ brought to adjudication, by any privateer, through consent, or clandestinely, or by collusion or connivance, the (nip and vessel, and goods and merchandizes, fo taken or retaken, or restored, and also the (hip’s tackle, furniture, apparel, and ammunition 

forfeited to bis pr*vateer> upon proof thereof to be made in any 

Majesty, with court f admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good prize the bond; to his Majesty; and one moiety thereof (hall be tonhe use of One Moiety his Majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, and the other moiety to to the crown the use of such person who (hall difeover and sue for the same the other to the an(j te bond given by the captain of such privateer (hall be, prolecutor} ancj s hereby adjudged to be, forfeited to his Majesty: and in 

by a'king's11 ca^c any P or ve^eh or an)’ goods or merchandises (hip, the cap as aforesaid, (hall betaken, or fo retaken or restored, by any lair to forfeit man of war, through conlent, clandestinely, or by collusion or 1000/., connivance of the commander or captain, such commander or captain shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person who (hall difeover and sue for the same; to be recovered by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of Jaw, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and fuefi ***\I*/U*~ captain or officer, (hall forfeit his command and employment, E™ tor 7 and (hall be, and is hereby difablcd and made incapable of any 7 9 ' o office 

*779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 67. $71 

office or employment under his Majesty, during the space offe and the (hip ven years; and the said goods and merchandizes, and the (hip, and goods tackle apparel, furniture, guns, and ammunition, fo taken by ken forfeit collusion, (hall be, and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all courts of admiralty, as good prize and forfeiture to his Majesty: 

: And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Run mn for that 

no person or persons, belonging to any of his majesty’s ^ 

(hips or vessels of war or to any merchant (hip employed in his bounty 

majefty’s service, who (hall run away, or withdraw him "or money. 

themselves from the (hip or veftel by which any prize or prizes 

(hall be taken from any of his majesty’s enemies, or otherwise 

from his majesty’s service, before or after notification (hall be 

given by the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, of the day 

appointed for the payment of the several (hares to the captors of 

the said prize or prizes, (hall have, or be entitled to have or 

claim, any interest in, or benefit of, the said (hare or shares of 

the said prize or prizes, or the bounty money aforesaid, or any which is to be 

part thereof; but such (hare and (hares qf such prize and prizes, paid over to 

and bounty money, (hall go and be paid to the use of Greeen £rc5"wt, ch 

inch Hcfpttal. * * hosp, tai 

* Provided always, That itany person or persons (hall and if they or do run away, or withdraw him or themselves, from any such (hip or veftel, as aforesaid, after notification given as aforesaid, ioie what^then he or they (hall forfeit and lose such part of his and their (hare remains of and (hares of the said prize or prizes, and bounty money, as their; (hare in (hall be remaining in the said agent or agents’ hands, at the ^ha^f<nu* time of his and their running away, or withdrawing him or na themselves;; thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding. 

XLIX And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, Agent, within That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and ti^day ap tcf others, who (hall fell, or otherwise dispose of, any prize or pointed for prizes, foto be taken as aforesaid from any of his majesty’s ene first payment, mies, (hall, within the space of three calendar months next after to tranfmitto the day to be appointed for the first payment or distribution to o^^^wtch the captors of such prize or prizes made in pursuance of such Hospital an public notification as aforesaid, make out, and transmit or de account of liver unto the treasurer of the (aid royal hospital at Greenwich produce of for the time being, or to such person or persons as he (hall for fucb Prize that purpose depute or appoint, a trde (late and account in writing under the hand or hands of such agent or agents, or person or persons fo employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the pay and payment ments of the several (hares to the captors, as (hall then have of (hares; been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every person and persons, aulhoriled and ap and also trans poirtted by this present al to receive bills for the bounty hereby mit a l>ke ac granted, (hall, within the like space of three calendar months ^unty mo! next after the day appointed for the first payment or distribution ncy. y of such bills for the bounties as aforesaid, in like manner make oot, and transmit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being 

B b 3 of 

Anno dechno nono gko^gii III C S;. [ 1779. 

pf the foid hospital, or to his fuificieut deputy, a true date and account in writing, under his or their hand or hand, pf shp payment and distribution of such bills: and further, dial all and every person and perfops, agents and others, who, by virtue <4 this a, (hall sell or dispose of any prize or prizes, which ready have been, or shall at any time or times thereafter be from the laid enemy, by any of his majeay’s (his or yeflcj* qf war, or who (hall receive or dispose of any bill or bills for bounty, such person and persons, agents and others, fo feuiog and dif poftng thereof, (ball within the space of three calendar mopthp next after the expiration of the term of three years limited fef this a ft, make out an exact account in writing of the produce transmit a Hke pr*zc afu* p1^5* bilj and bills for bounty i as also of the 

account of the payments of the several (hares to the respective captor$f tpgc produce and there with a true and just account, upon oath, to be taken hefocp the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being. Or any othef 

iierfon or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authored, in writing under his hand and leal, which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy and dc puties, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authoriied aa empowered to adminider, ^ of all Him and sums of money as (hall be then remaining in such agent or agents or perfoaf custody, power, or pofleieon; and (hall at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the (aid for the time being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the bid accounts, fo attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands, as aforesaid, taking from the fak} treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, bis or their acquittance or acquittances for the same. 

L And be it further enacted. That all and every person and perrons, hereby direisted to tranftnit or deliver all or any the accounts before mentioned, who (hall uegledt or re foie to tranfaait or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the tneafuner of the said hospital, or bis (aid deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in manner and form as is hereinbefore mentioned ^ or who (hall neglect or refute topayovqr all and every such sum and sums of money, as (hall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, custody, or poilesion, after the term of three years, to be accouated as aforeiaid; (hall, fof every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above the money then in such agents’ hands j ooe third part whereof (hall belong to his m«jefty, and die remaining two thirds to the said royal hojpital; to be recovered, with costs of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record in which no effoir, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (half be allowed.' ' 

LI And be it further enacted, That if any fraud, coi lusion, or deceit, (hall be wittingly or willingly made, used, com mined, permitted, or done, or fuftered, in making, gating, {qr 1. J balancing. 

pd, within 3 years after, to make out 

payments of such prizes aed bounty money, 

and of all sums then re nisming in their hands, which are to be paid oyer at the same time to the treasurer of the (aid hospital. 

Agents neglecting toren der such accounts and payments, to (orftit toof. over and above the money then in their hands; 

One third to the King, and th rest to the hospital. 

If therefappear any fraud or collusion in 

* 779-1 Anno dfecimo nono Gsoftou III C 67. 

balancing, any such accounts, then every perfbn or persons who shah be thereof duly convicted, and bis and their aiders and abettors, ffiah forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties and pmhhtnentsinfli&cd by this at, the Cum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof to be to the use of his Majesty, and one other third to the use of the said hospital, and the other third to the informer who (hall sue for the same; to be recovered, with costs of fuit, by atftien of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, tn which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. 

LII And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid. That no agent or agents for prizes, or bounty money, (hall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arrested, by any perfbn or persons who shall be made run from his Majesty s service, in the lists to be duly certified of the names of the officers, Teamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who (hall be actually on board any of his majesty’s (hips of war at the talcing of any prize or prizes, uhlefs the perfbn or persons fo made run, (hall, before any action brought, obtain a certificate of his or their R or r’s being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their (hares of such prizes and bounty moneys being discharged by the commissioners of his majesty’s navy who fubferibed the said lists, and (hall produce such certificate to the said agent or agents respectively; and unless the said agent or agents, on the producing of such' certificate or certificates, (hall refuse to pay the said prize or bounty money (in cafe the same be due and payable according to the directions in his majesty’s proclamation) within two months after any such demand made and such certificate produced. 

LIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, all and every person and persons, agent and agents, appointed of to be appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, (hips’ companies or (hip’s company, and others, of any of his majesty’s (hips or vefiels of war, for the distribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this ai, (hall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, under his or their hand or hands, in the Linden Gazette, three days at the least before the payment or distribution of any such bounty bill or bounty bills, public notification of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such bounty money; and (hall insert, in every such notification, the place or places of his or their abode. 

LIV And be it further ena<£ted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes whefe any public notification hath during the present hostilities, been given, or (hall be given, before the refpetftive times hcrem before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Grtat Britain, and other parts of his majesty’s dominions, of the payment of any prize or bounty money in reb 

b 4. sped 

373 

such account, persons concerned therein to forfeit iool* extra. 

One third to the King, One to the hospital, and one to the prosecutor. 

Agents not 

liable to be sued by run men in the King's fef vice, 

unless they produce a certificate of their R's being taken off, 

< 

and the agent thereupon refuse to pay the prize or bounty money. 

Agents of King (hips for distribution or bounty bills (hall give 3 days notice, in the London Gazette, before the payment of iucu bills * 

and (hall, in such notifications, mention their placesef abode. 

If in any pub lick notification already given, or which (hall be given, during the present houiliricf, 

there (hall be omitted the day on which payment (hall, commence, or 

jhen the said agent (hall gie a more particu'ar notification, at the iefpe£hve times herein mentioned. 

Anna deritno ntonogeorgii III c.67. [§771, 

fpe<5l of any of his majesty’s (hips of vcflelsof war, and the particular and precise day whereon such payment did or (hall commence, and the name or names, and place or places of abode, pcr^on ot persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be ap the name and pointed for the appraisement and sale of any such prize op prizes, pbieof .bode or distribution of any such bounty money, was not, Or (hall net of the agent, be fet forth or specified in such poblick notification, the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned in hi majesty’s high court or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, (hall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand feyen hundred and seventy nine; and the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned fa any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his majesty’s dominions in Ewrtpe,, or in any of his majesty’s plantations in America, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, (hall, on t>r before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of hismajefty*s dominions, or tor the diftriburion of anv such bounty money, fhau on or before the twenty.fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, respectively give notification, under his or their hand or hands relpe&ively, of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the (hares of such prize or bounty money respectively, and (hall specify in every such notification, his or their place or places or abode; and all such notifications (hall be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted, by and to such person and persons, and in such manner, as the notifications to be published or given are herein before directed and required to be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted' 

'And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all penalties and forfeitures given and granted by this ad, (hall be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the use of the said royal hofpitai. 

LVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to the uie of the said royal hofpitai, by this prefenr ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament, (hall and may be sued for and recovered in the name of the commissioners and governors of the royal hofpitai for featnen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent. 

LVII And, for the more speedy bringing of offenders to justice, and to prevent the inconveniences occafibned by want of frequently holding a session of admiralty, for the trial of offences committed oh the high Teas, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, frqm and after the twenty fpurth day 

of 

penahes and forfeitures how to be ap plied. ' 

penalties given to Greenwich hofpitai how to be recovered. 

A session of oyer and ter roiper, for trying naval one nee, to be held twice 

j779-] Anno decimo nono georgiiiii. C 67. 375 

of Jurtiy one thousand fcvcn hundred and seventy-nine, a fefficm a year at the of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, for the trial of offences Ok! Bailey, committed on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England, shall be held twice, at least, in every year, that ito say, in the several months of March and Oflober in each year, at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London, except at such times as the lesions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, for the city of jlondon, and county of Middlesex, (hall be appointed to be there held, or in' such other place within that part of Great Britain called England, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, by any letter or order, in writing under their hands, directed to the judge of the high court of admiralty in England for the time being, appoint. 

LVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Coramiflion that, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou ijrmin^or fand seven hundred and seventy nine, it (ball and may be law juitices of full, not only to and for any one or more of the commissioners peace, im for the time being named in the commission of oyer and termi peered to': tier for the trying of offences committed within the jurisdiction ons of the admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more oath of any of the justices of the peace for the time being of any county, rid piracy, €cc, » ing, division, or place, within that part of Great Britain called committed England and they are hereby respectively autborifed and im powered, from time to time, to take any information or infor dtfhoa^ mations, of any witness or witnesses, in writing, upon oath, touching any piracy, felony, or robbery, done or commit dor charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the sea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or Jurisdiction;; thereupon, (if such commissioner or commissioners, or justice or justices of the peace, respectively, (hall see. cause)) any war and to grant rant or warrants, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and warranti for seals, to cause the person or persons, accused in such information or informations, to be apprehended and committed to the accural ** gaol of the county or place whorein the same information or informations (hall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due course of law. 

LIX And it is hereby further enacted. That such of the laid Commission. commissioners, or justices of the peace, who (hall cause any such person or persons to be committed as i last mentioned, (hall, ^rons they and he or they is or are hereby refpedtiveiy required, at the same foal! think northeast time, to oblige all and every such other person or persons, whom ceflary to cn stich commissioner or commissioners, or justice or justices of the te” *” ^ peaces (hall judge necessary to prosecute and give evidence prsfc^ttfuch against the person or persons, who (hall be fo committed as offenders, aforesaid, to enter into, one or more recognisance or recognizances to his Majesty, in a Efficient penalty, for his, her, or their < appearing at the then next/effion of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurisdiction of the admiralty of Eng 

j Anno decimo immogborgii Hi. c.68. ft779. 

laniy there to prosecute Mid give evidence ogainft the period or Pedbo# refa persons who (hall be committed as aforesaid;; if any perfoa into focltrc rc^u^c to cnrcr into foch recognisance to prosecute or pat cogninnce* V evidence as (hall be required, he, (he, or they, to ttfiifing, flwo may be comb committed, by any foch commiffioncr or coaraiiffionors, juf akttd. tice or juftioes, to the gaol of the county or place in which the person to refuting (hah be, until the nest (tflions of adminky shall be held, or foch perions (hall enter into such recognisance as flail be required, as aforesaid;; recognisance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taka touching the offence or offences wherewith the period or per foas to be committed as aforesaid (hall be charged, the (hid com mifeoner or commissioners, or justice or radices of the peace, before whom the same (hall be taken, (hall, and they are hereby respectively required to tranfcnit, with all convenient speed, to the register for the time being of the high court of admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the same court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court. 

Marftalofthe LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, admiralty. That the marshal of the admiralty for the time being, and his officer, *, deputy or deputies, and all (heriffs, bailiffs, stewards, confta obey the or bles, headboroughs, tithingtnen, keepers of gaols and pfiforts, dm of the and all other officers whatsoever for keeping of the peace, (as f^^sukl^* wc^ liberties as without) (hah, and they and every of 

them are hereby respectively authorised and required, from rhyme to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all stich precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as (hall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, iffiied, or given, to them, or any of them respectively, by any one or more of the said commissioners named in the commission of oyer and terminer, or justices of the peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this ad, touching any of the matters or things herein contained. 

Continuance LX Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the ao of this aft. thorny aforesaid, That this ad (hall continue in force during the present hostilities with Frontse, and no longer. 

CAP. LXVIII 

An ail for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual && in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fecondy for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets. 

preamble, K HEREAS an act of parliament was passed in the twenty V V third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Recital of an fittndy entitled, An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of aft *3 Geo. 2. fmah debts within the Tower Hamlets, wbieb said act bath by experience been found useful to the inhabitants thereof but the same is m many rejpe&t deftftrw, and inefficient to anjwer the goadpmfeftt 

tbertby 

j77 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 68. 

thereby intended: and whereas the place new vfed as a court hsufeby the commijfioners fer executing the jaid aft is very inconvenient for that purpose, and greatly out of repair; and no previfton is made by the said former aft fer raising money to build, or provide, or put in ’ repair, a proper courthouse, end offices for executing the powers of the said aft: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it eoaded by the king’s mod excellent majesty, by aod with the advice and content of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, aod by the authority of the same. That at any general Commissioners meeting of the laid commissioners to be held after the patting of may autho this ad in manner as by this aft is directed, it (hall aod may be a lawful for the said commissioners, or the major part of them atf accqptground[ sembled at such meeting, to authorise one or more person or and mefliuges persons on their behalf, to contract for, and purchase, or acor tenements, jdcpt a convenient piece or pieces of ground, and any tnefluages for buds a or tenements, in the High jtreet, in the parish of Saint Mary, c0uit‘ 0 * 

jvhkecbapd, or in some other convenient place within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid; which said ground and tnefluages or tcite* which (hill be moults, when purchased or accepted, (hall be conveyed to Samuel coned to Hawkins, John Baker, James Wood, Lamey Richard Coufemaker, tfutte4#* thwid fpilmot, James Hatch, Peter Lefevre, James Spagg, John sherwoodjames Caney, Daniel Martin jfjp*r Clarke, James Bidlake, Laurence Dermett, Charles Seek, james Henley, John Perry, Thomas Page, Charles Mills, John Robinson, Abraham Better, and tvilliam Buckmafter, and the survivors of them, and their successors, to be chosen as by this aft is dire&cd, as trustees for the purposes hereinafter mentioned: (of which said trustees one bath been chosen by the parishioners, or inhabitants pf each of the parities, hamlets, precincts, and liberties, within the said Tower Hamlets, theprecind of thetstcvr within only excepted;) and the said trustees (hall be seized thereof, in trust for the fer vice and benefit of the bid hamlets, for the pttrpofes m this and the said former ad mentioned: and that upon payment Ground and 

of the purchase money, which (hall be agreed to be paid tor the jne^uagei >. 1 .r V, S r.. tenements to 

laid piece or pieces of ground and meffoages or tenements, rt beaded in 

(hall be lawful for the commiflaoners nominated, aligned, and trustees, on 

appointed, as by the said former ad is directed, to take poflef payment of 

(ion of the same; and the same, and every part thereof, (hall be, j^npcurcbafe 

and is and are hereby declared to be vested in the trustees here mon ** 

in before named, and the survivors of them, and their (ucceflbrs, 

for the pnrpofc of building a court bouse and offices, and also 

such other conveniences as (hall by the said commissioners, or 

, the major part of them, at any such genera! meeting as aforesaid, 

be deemed necessary for executing the business of the court 

of requests for the Tower Hamlets, to which ufc the said buildings 

(hall be applied. 

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That When trustees when and as often as any one or more of the said truftefcs (hall die others to die, it (hall be lawful for the pariftiiomrs or inhabitants of the rsua!! parish, hamlet, prcciod, or liberty, within the said Tower Hamlets, (where such trustee or trustees was or were resident at the 

ume 

commission crs may build a court house and othercon leniencies; 

and may borrow money ' by annuities. 

Annuities to be charged on the additional fume added to the f ees. 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 68. c*779* 

time that he or they was or were chosen or appointed a troftej or trustees)) have a right to assemble and meet for the choice of officers in their refpe£hve vestry, or other place of meeting for tranfaciing the public business of such parish, hamlet, precind, or liberty; and they, or the major part of them fo assembled as aforeftid, are hereby empowered and required, on the Yueftej next after the feast of Eajler next enfning the decease of such trustee or trustees, to appoint one other perion er persons resident within such parish, hamlet, precind, or liberty, to be a trustee or trustees in the room of him or them fo dying, in whom (together with the furvivrng trustees) the see simple and inheritance of the said piece or pieces of ground and messuages or tenements foto be purchased or accepted as aforesaid, and all the buildings and eredions which shall be made or builr there on, shall, by virtue of such appointment, be vested in trust, for the purposes in this and the said former ad mentioned \ and whenever any of the said trustees shall happen to die, the first or original number of twenty-two trustees shall from time to time be filled up in manner as abovementioned. 

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when the said piece Qr pieces of ground, and meftuages or tenements, (hall be fo purchased or accepted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the aid commissioners to cause to be built and finished thereon, or provided and fitted up, a convenient court house, and such other buildings and conveniences, as shall be adjudged requifue by the said commissioners, at any general meeting or meetings, to be held as by this ad is directed, or by the major part of them assembled at such meeting or meetings; all which said ground and buildings thall from time ro time be used, maintained, supported, and repaired, in such manner as the said commissioners shall think fit. 

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled at any such general meeting or meetings for that purpose, to borrow and raifc any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds in the whole, for the purchafmg of the said piece or pieces of ground, and messuages or tenements, and the eredfing of such buildings, or providing and sitting up such court house and offices as abovementioned, by the grant of one or more annuity or annuities, for the life or lives of any person or persons, to be charged or chargeable upon the several sums of money by this ad raised, or added to the fees of the said court, herein after particularly mentioned; which said annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of ten pounds per centum per an num, upon anyone life, for every one hundred pounds fo borrowed or raised, and foin proportion for any greater or less fum: And they the said commissioners (hall and may, at any such tneeing or meetings, by an order or orders, signed by any seven or more of them, (without any stamp), charge the said additional sums hereby raised, or added to the find sees, with the payment 

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 68. 579 

ment of such annuity or annuities accordingly; and from and immediately ?fter the advancing of the moneys for the purchase, or granting of such life annuity or annuities as aforesaid, into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers, to be appointed by the authority of this aft, and the delivery of such order or orders for the payment of such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, such annuity or annuities (hall (land, and be charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be paid and payable out of the said moneys, taf arise from the said additional sums by this aft charged upon the said fees, in such manner and form as, by such order or orders for payment thereof, (hall be expressed or directed, and the famf (hall be free from all taxes and deductions whatsoever. 

V And cit further enacted, That all and every the said Annuities annuity or annuities may be assigned by the person or persons entitled to the same, or his, her, or their executors, adminif m m trators, or assigns, by endorsement, upon the back of the said 

order or orders, to any person or persons whomsoever. 

VI And, for enabling the said commissioners to pay and Cbmmiflion 

difeharge the said annuity or annuities, be it enabled by the au the 

thority aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this aft, 

there (ball be paid, into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers tp be appointed by the authority of this aft, for every summons which (hall be illued out of the said court, the sum of twopence, and for every hearing in the said court, the sum of one penny, over and above the fees received, or to be received, by the clerks of the said court, for every such summons and hearing respectively, by virtue of, or under the authority of this or the said former aft; which said additional sums, hereby charged up' ' the laid several sees, (hall from time to time be applied in payment of the said annuity or annuities foto be granted Or ordered as abovementioned, and the arrears thereof, during and until the same (hall be fully paid off and discharged. 

VII Provided always, and be jt further enacted. That, from Additional and after the death of the person or persons, upon whose life or ( “, d*added to lives such annuity or annuities (halbe granted, and from and celd/ovthe after the difeharging of such annuity or annuities, and alfar death of an rears thereof, the payment of the said several additional sums of nuitajits. money, charged upon the laid sees by virtue of this aft as aforesaid, and each and every of them, (hall cease and determine, 

and (hall be no longer paid or payable. 

VIII And be it further enacted, That the said commission Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any general meeting or crs c°n “

*. J. u 11 1 1 - A j XL j ^ tract for the 

meetings, to be held as by this aft is directed, may, and are building a 

hereby directed to contrast with any person or persons for the court house, 

building and finishing of the said couit*houfe, and other con - C 

veniencies hereby authorised to be built, and such contrast (hall 

specify the particular works to be done and the prices to be 

paid for the fime, and the time or times when such works (hall 

be cotnpleated, and the penalties to he paid or suffered in cafe 

of nonperformance thereof, and the lame (hall be executed by 

seven or.more of the said, commissioners, and also by the peifon 

or 

gzo 

commissioners to order payment of annuities, and all moneys due for building. 

For recovering money belonging to suitors of the court now in the hands of clerks, canno 

decimo nono Georgii III C 6s. ll77& 

pr persons contracting to perform such works refpecuvely; and, previous to their entering into such contract, fourteen dajs notice at least (hall be given, in one or more of the poblick jiewfpapers, circulated within the bills of mentality, expreffiog the intention of such contract, and the time and place of meeting of the commissioners to receive proposals for entering into the same. 

IX And for the better regulating the payment of the aid annuity ir annuities, and of the money which may be expended in the building andfinijbing the jaid court bouje and offices, be it further ena&cd. That the (aid commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such general meeting or meetings as aforetaid, (halt (by warrant, in writing under their hands, directed to such penbo or persons as (hall be chosen treafurcror treasurers by the authority of this act) order or direct the payment of the said annuity or annuities, and also all such moneys as (hall be due and payable for the building and finishing of the said court house and ojeces, to the person or perfon6 entitled to receive the same re fpcctively, as the same (hall become due; and such treasurer or treasurers (hall, upon receipt of such warrant or warrants, forthwith pay the same out of the moneys which (hall be in his or tbtir hands as aforesaid, by virtue of, or under this ad, and such warrants when paid (hall be allowed in account to fiich treasurer or treasurers, upon the fettling or auditing of his or their accounts with the said commissioners, in manner as directed by this act. 

X And whereas there are in the hands of the present and farmer clerks of the said courts and of the representatives of clerks deuajei, divtrs and confederate sums of money, which were paid into the court for the use of the suitors thereof but hove not yet been calkd for or claimed by the persons entitled to receive the same although the same have been fo paid in for the space of six years and upwards: and the said commiffiorurs being desirous that the said money Jboulil bo hid out and invejied in some government security, that the same may be forth coming to the Jevrral suitors in the said court, %vho art etui tied thereto, when they shall demand the same refpefiivtly; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be law full to and for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of t hem, at any general meeting to be held after the palling of this act, to demand the moneys foin the hands of any of the said present or former clerks of the frid court, and also the said moneys in the hands of or due from the representatives of any cjer k of the said court who is deceased; and if, upon (bch mat d, the same or the payment thereof (hall be refuted, it be 1 awful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more thern, at my such general meeting, to sue tor and recover t some by action or actions upon the cafe, in any of his Msgefty couirts of record at k^eftminfter^ in the name of the treaibrer treasurers to be appointed by the authority of thisad, in wbkl adi pn or actions it (hall be sufficient for the said treasurer irerdurors to dedarc that the defendant or defendants Is or u 

indebt! 

ljooq le 

1779*? Anno dccinoo nom gffofcqu IIL C 6k 381 

indebted to such treasurer or treafams, m the fom of money which (hall be fo demanded of such defendant or defendants rcfpcftively, for so much had and received, for the use of the commissioners of the court of requefta for the Tower Hamlets * and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in such action or aftioos, he or they (hall be iotitkd to his or their full costs, and (hall have the like remedy feu the same by law as plaintiffs have for recovery of costs in other cafes. 

XI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Bond entered That upon payment or recovery of the moneys which (hall be j^r^and filed for, or due from the (aid clerks, or from the representative th^r sureties, or representatives of any deceased clerk or clerks, in manner as to be delivered aforesaid, the bond or bonds which was or were entered into by op and can such clerk or clerks, and their respective sureties, to the said mort^iri commissioners, upon his. or their being chosen such clerk or thetamdfof clerks of the said court, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared tbefaid clerks to be void and of no cfficd, and (hall be delivered up to be can it recovered. N celled; and such clerk and clerks, and the several other obligors or sureties in the said bonds mentioned refpedhvdy, (hall thereupon be fully and abftdmety relcafed and discharged from their laid rcfpedhvc bonds or obligations, and of and front all claims anddemands by the suitors, or any other person whadbever, fo* or on account of the moneys fo recovered or paid as. aforesaid. 

XIL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That when Money now and lb soon as the (aid moneys, or any. part thereof, (hall be tljc Jj*1*** recovered as aforesaid the said commissioners (hall, and are ^lon^ir to hereby required to lay out and invest the same in three per the suitors, centum consolidated bank annuities, or in some other govern thall (when ment security, in the name of any tjhree persons to be chosen, recovered) be by the said commissioners, or the major part of them, at any frich general meeting, as trustees for that purpose * such security. three trustees, and their successors, to be appointed as by this ast is directed, (hall (land and be possessed of the same for the ilfes and purposes hereinafter mentioned. 

XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. If the suitors That if any person or persons intitled.to.any of the money fo demand thein already paid into the said court upon the account aforesaid, and in^efta. which is directed to be laid, out and inverted in manner above c(jf the tr^tk mentioned, (hall at any time after the palling of this adt demand surer to pay the same of the said commissioners, or any three or more of it ***& them, when in court, the same (hall be a charge upon thc said money fo laid out and inverted in manner as aforesaid j and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and are hereby required to order the money which (hall be fo demanded to be paid to the person or persons intitied to receive the same, immediately after such demand (hall be made, and the same (hall thereupon be paid to such person or persons accordingly, by the treasurer or treasurers appointed.or chosen as aforesaid, from any lum. or turns of money in his or their hands; and the said commissioners (hall, and are hereby required to direct so much flock to. be sold, as (hall be necessary 

to 

V 

gga Anno decimo nono georgithi. C rh 

to replace the same, from time to time; as the'faid cortitoftson ers shall think fit. » 

XIV And as to all such money as jhaw or may bebereafter pdl If the money into the J, aid court for or on account cf the suitors thereof? (and wtetv hereatt^r pad not ^ aimed ttnd taken cut of the aid court, within the ffee into court is °f.ftx ears aft£r the same Shall have been fo paid in?) be it ettofted not claimed by the authority aforesaid, That the laid commiflibners bwf, by the suitors and are hereby required, at the expiration of the said six yfcan 

^ar^after it next ater ^lic^ mon^es ave been P n as aforebid, i^paicf irf^the t0 ay out and invert the same from tfcneto time in the purchase commissioners of three per centum confolicfated bank annuities, or fame other may place it on government security, in the name of any three persons,, s°'ucf", pcat chosen by the said commissioners, in manner as by this aft h ecur y # directed with respect to the said moneys which have been already paid into the said court; and their successors to be in like man bat if claimed ner chosen or appointed as trustees for that purpose; and if anr by such suitors person or persons entitled to any of the money which (half be (s after tbeexpi. hereafter paid into the said court upon the account afbre&d, yean"(hall be anc winch not save been demanded until after the expin paid to them tion of such six years, (hall at any time afterwards demands immediately, fame of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, wjhen in court, the said commissioners, or any three or more et them, (hall, and are hereby required to order the money which shall be fo demanded, to be paid to the person or persons Unified to receive the same, immediately after such demand shall be made, and the same shall thereupon be paid to such person m persons accordingly, by the said treasurer or treasurers, hom any sum or sums of money in his or their hands; and the said commissioners shall, and are hereby required to direftf fo modi of the money, foto be laid out and inverted after the expiration of such six years, to be sold, as shall be necessary to replace the same, from time to time, as the said commissioners shall think fit, until the whole thereof shall be fo applied and difpofedof; anything in this or the said former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanaing* - 

The interest XV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authb ^the'mone18 af°re^aic^> That the interest and dividends, as w£l] of the placed ouhjy ^ tr)oncy already paid into the said court, and hereby antfio •hecommif. rized to be sued for and inverted as aforesaid, as of all such other fioners (hall be money as shall or may at any time hereafter be paid into the 

applied • ^ court upon the account aforesaid, (and which shall belaid towards the - - 

reparation, out and inverted in any government security, at any time «ef 

cof the the expiration of six years from the time of paying in the same, 

comt house. as by this aft is directed), or so much thereof as (ball remain 

unclaimed by the said suitors of the said court, as aforesaid, 

shall from time to time be paid nd applied in repairing, and 

keeping in repair, the said court house and offices hereby 

authorised to be built as aforesaid, and for insuring the same, j 

and defraying all taxes and other expenses attending the laid I 

court house and offices, in such manner as they the said Coro j 

. mifljoncis, or the major part of them at any general meeting 

or 

^ooqle 

*779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III c.68. 383 

or meetings to be held as by this at is directed, (hall from timfe to time judge necofiary for those purposes refpcdively. 

, XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid in cite the That when and as often as any one or more of the said three Trustees, in trustees in whom or in whose name the said moneys (hall by "h°rc nam the authority of this ad be laid out and inverted respectively a (hall^cp^laced aforesaid, (hall happen to die, the said commifiioners* cfr any out at intercity seven or more of them, at any general meeting to be held as by ffiall die, the (his ad is directed, ffialu and are hereby required, by writing commiffionert tinder their hands and seals to appoint one other person or ^££5? persons to be a troftee or trustees, in the room of him or them lb dying, and thereupon such new trdftee or trustees (hall, together with, the survivor or survivors of the (aid trustees first chosen. and their fucceflbrs, stand. and be pofiefled of the (aid moneys, fo placed out and ipvefted, upon the trrifts and for the purposes abovementioned of and Concerning the same 

^uid whenever any one of the said three trustees (hall happen to die, the first or original number of three (hall from time td titne be filled up in manned as aforesaid. 

. And be it further enacted by the authority afofefaid, Commifllori; That the said commifiioners, at any general meeting to be held crijjiy as aforesaid, or the major pan of them afiembled at such meet * * 

ipg, (hall and may, and are hereby required to elect and choose one or more person or persons to be treasurer or treasurers for the receipt of the said additional sums ofimoney, hereby charged upon thefeveral sees above particularly mentioned, and of all moneys which (hall, at any time after the palling of this ad, be paid for or on account of the purchase of any annuity or annuities and other the purposes of this ad; and the said treasurer or treasurers (hall continue in his or their office, until another (hall be chosen in his or their room. 

it VIII And be it further enacted, that the clerks of the Clerki fo ae. said court (hall account to the said commifiioners, or any seven ^j^iffioners or more of them, once in every year, or oftener if they (hall f^addidonal be required foto do by the said commifiioners, or any seven of foms to the more of them, at any such general meeting or meetings as fees; and for a(fprefaid, for all the said additional sums charged upon the said fees, and for all moneys which (hall be fo paid into the said the°fdtort# * epurt as aforesaid; and (hall from time to time pay all the said moneys, (except the sum of one hundred pounds, which (hall always be left in the hands of the said clerks, to answer the claims of the said suitors), and the said additional sums upon the said fees, to the said treasurer or treasurers, whensoever they (ball be required foto do by the said commifiioners, at any such general meeting or meetings as aforesaid, or by any seven or Snore of them afiembled at any such meeting or meetings. 

. XIX And be it further enacted. That the said commifliott comihifiiort ers afiembled at any such general meeting or meetings as afore curi^of^hv said, of any seven or more of them, ffiall and may, and are treafartrj * hereby required to take sufficient security of such treasurer or treasurers 10 to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, by bond, or % V o L XXXII C C ©therwife. 

3u 

who (hall account for all moneys received, & C 

Com million • ers to take cognizance of debts for rettt Under 40 s. 

No person to recover rent as aforesaid, unless he has been in possession of the premifei, cit months preceding the 

time for which such rent is demarideif. 

Anno decimo nooo georgli Ifl. c.68. t *779- 

dherwife, to the said comftitqohcrs, or day (even or nort d them, in any sunt not less that two thousand pounds, for tk accounting and due payment, by such treasurer or trealkms, of all moneys which (hall come to his or their hands, and far the delivery of all books, paper, and writings, to any fnccasd ing treasurer or treasurers $ the laid comoiiffionera, m any fifteen or more of theft, assembled at any such general meet ing, may discharge or remove such treasurer or trieafuress from his or their laid officer and every such treasurer or treafiuets (hall account annually, or oftener, if thereunto retpured by the said commissioners, or any fcven or more of them, at any finch general meeting, for all moneys by him or threat received and paid, as such treasurer or treasurers as aforesaid, on fourteen days previous notice to be given or left at his or thfcir honfc or houses, or mod usual place or places of abode, for that punpafc: and the said treasurer or treafiirers, or his or their cnetuton or administrators, (hall well and truly pay ah fact) moneys, as (hall appear to be remaining in his or their hands, tm auditing or fettling such accounts, and (hall deliver over all books, pa pars, and writings, in his or their pofieffion, custody, or pester, belonging to the feid commissioners, or to the laid anon of treasurer, to any/ucceeding treasurer or treasurer, when them unto required by the said commhttoners, or any (even or doom of them, at any such general meeting as aforefiud. 

XX And whereas there are great numbers of mnnufaflurart ami day labouring people residing in the Tower Hamlets, whowrrktmr famitit* occupy tenements, or parts 6f tenements, let ty petrol afc mise, and the expenses of recovering of such rents bydqion at latv, tnojl commonly exceed the amount of the rent sued d, to the groat injury of the landlords of fitch tenements, ana the oppression of jboab occupiers; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the aurbority aforesaid. That it (hall ahd may be lawful to and for the (aid commissioners to take cognizance of any debt or demand under the value of forty (billings, for rent of any tenetdeift, or yavt of a tenement, within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid, let by parol demile, (except the precina of the Tower within;) and alfofor the said commissioners to hear and determine On such debts and demands, and to award execution, in the same manner as they are authorised to do for any other cause of acton, anything ia the said former ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding' ' 

Provided always nevertheless, That the rid com mifiioners (hall not take cognizance of any such demand or * claim for rent, unless the person or peffons making such demand or ciaim, or the person or persons in whose right such 1 demand or claim (hall be made, or under whom he or they (hall claim, hath or have been in the *6tual pofieffion of the said tenements, or in the actual receipt of rent for the said tenements, during twelve months immediately preceding the time for which such rent (hall be fo demanded; and provided stlfo that no recovery of rent in the said court be accepted or given in evidence in support of the title of. any person or 'perfonr 

. • whaifoevtr. 

i 779*1 Attno decimommlo Gfcokon III C 68. 3^5 

urbatfoe^, toanylarufe, tenements, or hereditaments what' fbever. 

XXII Provided ilfo, That nothing herein contained (ball This alt not extend, or be eonftrued to extend to prevent any person or t0 prevent any pcefoosfrom making diftref&fbr or bringing any action or afii ^ft^nmefor' qos for rent, although the. same (hall not amouht to the sum of rent, s forty (hilling. 

XXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if defendant That, from and. after the passing of this adt, in all cafes what negklts to soever, whenever any debitor or defendant, residing within the appear to the juritdidton of the feud court, (hah have been duly h*mmoned the 

to appear before the corn mi (Goners in the feid court ac pronotfnce cording to the tribal and accwftomed manner of fommoning judgement iif perfana for tharpurpofc, and such debtor or defendant (hall re bis abience; fuse or negiea to appear to such summons, it (hall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, when afiembkd in the said court, upon due proof being lgtade before them that such debtor or defendant was duly summoned in manner as aforesaid, to proceed to hear the cause or matter of complaint, touching or concerning such debt or debts on the part of the plantiff or phmtifis only, and to make or pronounce thereon such order or orders, or judgement or judges merits, in refpelt of the debt or debts demanded or sued foras to them (hall seem just and equitable 2 and the said commis anfj ^ fioners, or any three or more of them, (ball then fix upon and point a certain appoint feme certain time and place, according to their difere time for him tion, for every Aich debtor or defendant to (hew cause before the a°a?nft such commissioners of the said court, or any three or more of them, fug<?gement, against (uch order, or orders, or judgement or judgements, foseef made and pronounced upon fbch hearing as aforesaid; at which time and place, or at any other subsequent court or courts, the said eommiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall have fall power and authority by this a A (whether such person or persons (hall appear or (hew cause, or not) upon proof, on the oath of one of the beadles of the said court, (that such order or orders, or judgement or judgements, or a copy thereof, had beep delivered to such debtor or debtors, or left at his, her, or tlwir ufaai place of residence, or abode, or working), to award execution thereupon, in like manner as by the said former alt they are authorised to do in other cafes i and the clerks and beadles of the said court are, in every such cafe, hereby authorised to take and receive the like fees, for the call of the defendant, and making, and serving or leaving of every such order as aforesaid, as they are authorised and empowered to take and receive for or upon any attachment, issued by virtue of or under this or the said former alt. 

XXIV And be it further enalted by authority aforesaid, Attorniesnot That no privilege (hall be allowed to exempt any person from the jurisdiction of the said court of requests on account of his tioo*of the being an attorney or solicitor of any of the courts at jvejlminftirj court, or of any other court whatsoever but thtf all attomies and foc 

C 2 licitors 

L ooqle 

directions for holding general meetings. 

Mo vi&ualler C capable of acting as a commiiiioner. 

Expenses of this ad hoar to be paid. 

This aft not to efctend to the precinct of the Tower Within, C 

Limkatiohs Of aftiont. 

General issue. 

Anno decifno rk>^o.geq^<5iiih..c.6x., [*779, 

ficitors (hall be subject to, the Several precedes orders, judge, ments, and executions of the said court of requcfts, in Ac (am manner as any other persons are subject to the fame^by this V the said former aft. / 

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 

That no general meeting (hall be held as ^fore&id for any of the purposes in this or the said former aft, without the brier of three oir more of the commissioners, made upon one of the court days in the said former aft mentioned, whilst they (hail be in court which said order (hall be in writing, and fltab specify the particular time and place, and also Ac purposed such general meeting, and (hall be registered by the clerks then present in court, or one of them, and notice thereof in writing, or in print, (hall be delivered to, or left at the usual place of abode of, all the (aid commissioners respectively, by the beadks of the said court, or by any other person or persons the com miifioners requiring such general meeting (hall direst, four daw at lead before the holding of each and every filch general meeting rcfpeftively. ^ 

XXVI And be it further enacted, That no viftaallt&^or person or persons whosoever, who (hall sell ale, tifee^ sr (pirituous liquors by retail, (hall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this or the said former aft. 

XXVII And be it further enacted. That all the charges and expenses of procuring and palling of this present aft uiah bt paid satisfied and discharged, out of the fird moneys which (ted be raised as aforesaid, by virtue or in pursuance of this aft. 

XXVIII Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to the precinct of the Tower within; nor to redrain the ancient court of record h^d for and within the liberty of the tower of London, from holding plea of any personal action which (hall arise within the £ud liberty, or to take away, alter, or abridge, any jurifdiftidd, authority, privilege, immunity, or exemption, which the chief governor of the tower, or his deputy or deputies, or any officer or minider or any inhabitants within the said liberty, enjoys, or enjoy, or ought to enjoy, by virtue of any law, usage, pit feription, grant, charter, commiffipn, or otherwise, any thrng herein or in the said recited aft contained to the contrary not withdanding. 

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action or fuit (hall be commenced againll any perlon or persons for anything done in pursuance of this aft, or ou account of any order, determination, judgement, or decree of the said eommiffioners, until twenty days notice (hall be given thereof in writing, to be left at the office of the clerks of the said court, or after sufficient (atisfaftion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after three calendar months nextafter the cause of action (hall arise; and the defendant or defendant such actions and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this aft and the special matter io evidence 

1 

1^79-j Anno dedmo nono Geokgii 111. C 6g. 387 

dence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon 1 and if 

the plaintiff (hall become nonsuited, or if a verdict or judgement 

(hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, 

and in either of the said cafes, such defendant or defendants 

(halt have double costs, and (hall have such remedy for reco Double cq&u 

vering the feme, as any defendant or defendants may have for 

his, her, or their costs in any cafes by law. 

XXX And be it enaftea by the authority aforesaid. That Public aft. this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a public aft j and (hall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same. 

CAP. LXIX 

An act for tbt more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of 4 Snuggling in this kingdom \ and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the cujloms and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned. 

WHEREAS, in defiance of the several laws of cujloms and Preamble. 

excise already made, and of the penalties and provisions from time to time enacted for the punishment of offenders against such laws; and notwithfianding the grace and clemency lately offered to persons yjho bad been guilty of Jmuggling offences, great quantities of prohibited and uncuflomea goods, and par titularly of tea foreign brandy, and other foreign spirits, continue to be illegally imported into and landed in this kingdom; and fitch goods are run carried, and con veyedj from the sea coafis through the country, as well by secret frauds and clandestine practises as by open force, and by gangs of daring and diffokte persons, armed with offensive weapons, and officiated and affimbled to carry into execution their evil and pernicious purposes, in subversion of all civil authority and power whatsoever: and whereas it is become highly necessary for the prefervatian of the public revenue, the protection of the fair trader, and the quiet and good order of the kingdom, that Jome further provisions Should hi made for the better preventing Jucb illegal practises, and for deterring all persons from committing Jucb offences, or from being aiding and ajfifting therein; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent qf the lords fpiri tualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Aft. assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and, 779>ifany*' after the first of day auguju one thousand seven hundred and foreign fpiri seventy nine, where any foreign brandy or other foreign spirituous liquors tuous liquors (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain or into any port, harbour haven, or creek thereof, from part bf* any part of Europe, in any vessel or ca(k which (hall not Europe, in a contain sixty gallons at the lead, (excepting only for the use of yeflcl contain, the Teamen then belonging to and on board the (nip or vessel in affong™ which the same (hall be imported, not exceeding two gallons ^e^arn^fhall for each seaman), then not only the said brandy, and other be forfeited, foreign spirituous liquors, but also the (hip or vessel in which with tie (hip, the lame (hall be fo imported, of whatever burden the same &0,, # 

C C 3 may (Exception.) 

3«8 

Anno dedmo nono gfeorgii 1h. t.69. [k 779. 

may be, with all her guns, fumitui'e, afaonmirioni tackle, and apparel, (hall be forfeited and left. 

After Aug, II And it is hereby further enaifted by the authoritytfatflm,, 779> wocii That, from and after the said first day tsfaugtfi, one tboofatoa fn/ Mother even hundred and seventy oin©, When ariy tea caffiee^idrcsjgn goods, sue brandy, or other foreign 'fpirituoto liquors, or any gbodfc Wtifcv liable to for soever, are liable to forfeiture for being found on aboard any feiture for be (hips or vessels coming or arriving frottitoreign pals, at *b&dr, bg ft? or hovcr, ns within the limits xn any of the pdrtspf this king ^orn» or within two leagues of the cotfts thereof, orfor hfrwirj; foreign part?, been difeovered to have been within the limits of any at anchor, C trary to any aft of parliament now in force, the (hip or vessel, th^coaft^the ^ com*n2 or arriving from any part of Europe, on board which faid^ip^if * *uch goods (hall be fo found, together with all her guns, fur * not above 100 niturc, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hell ’be fotfcfrefl, tom, (ball be provided such (hip or vessel doth not cticoed he b(tirfheh 'of forfeited, with two hundrded tonnes, rgung, ^ C J jnj whereas by an afl, made in the eighth year ef ihi 

s te majefy &!*& George thefirji, it'was, smongff other' ' * * enabled, That if any boat, wherry, pinnate, barge, or gtofaj, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four ear, fbemu be found upon the water, or in any place within tie counties of mid dlefex, Surrey, Kent, or Essex, or in the river Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the limits of the spores London, Sandwich, or Ipswich, such boat, wherry, pmwaes, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, or the wats thereof, jhouu be forfeited, and the owner or owners thereof, or oap person fifing or rowing the same, Should also forfeit and loose the Jim of forty pounds; in which add it was provided, that the said ast Should not extend to any barge or galley belonging to his Mfljsfif, any of ike royal family, or to any longboat, yaul, or pinnate af longing to or used in the service of any merchant Jhip or veffit, srse any such boat, wherry, pinnace, large, or galley, as Should be lb cenfei by the lord high admiral, or commijjioners for executikg fthe office of lord high admiral, or the major part of them for tbeltime being, upon fujfficient security to be given to his Majefiy, i is heirs fucctjfors, by the owner or owners of such boat, wherry, pinxau, barge, or galley, as in the said all is direfled, with condition that gfk same Should not be made use of in the clandefiine running of unutjhmed and prohibited goods: and whereas it may be a means to prevent tied difeourage the perniciouspraflice of smuggling, if the like penalties, sir, 

, and refiriflions, were extended to such boats and other veffeh 

as are mide or built to row, or are found rowing with more tbs* fix The said aft, oars, within any other part of this kingdom 5 be it therefore enabled sofar as it re by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first la re to boats, day 0f August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine buhtvo row lien Part rec‘tei* aft, anc the several clauses, penalties, with more forfeitures, and restrictions, therein contained, (not altered by thanfouroars, this aft), sofar as the same relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, witinn th barges, or galleys, towing, or made or built to row, with more mentioned' than Gars, within the counties and fjaece do the (aid 

'' mentioned 

^ ooqle 

1779-j Anno decimp nono Georgii III C 6gl 389 

mentioned, (hall extend, and be construed to extend, to all (ball be ex. boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, or other vessels whatsoever, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than buiktorow ' six oars, which (hall be found, either upon the larid or water, with more within any harbour, port or place whatsoever, in any other thaoixoar* part of Great Britain, or within two leagues of the coast thereof, q iubjpd nevertheless to the several exceptions relative thereto as nttx0# in the (aid recited alt is and are particularly provided. 

IV Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing This aft not herein contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to the to tend to commanders of any of his majc&y’s (hips or vessels, or vessels employed in the transport service, with respect to foreign fpiri jetty’s (hips, ot tuous liquors put on board them, to be iflfued by way of allow transit • xnce to the re(pediv* (hips companies, or troops put on board veffek, Sec. $ them. 

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this nor to tow ad (hall be construed to extend to boats commqnly called Taw bqats in the boats, (used in towing (hips or vessels) belonging to licensed p°rt9^wol pilots within the port and juriididion of the city of bristol 

VI And it is further enacted by the authority aforefeid, Ship and That the (hips, vessels, and boats, forfeited by this ad, (hall boats forfeited and may be seized and arrested by any officer or officers of the g customs or excise; and (hall and may be prosecuted, condemn j any officer of • ed, and recovered, in the same manner as other (hips and customs or vessels are directed to be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, extifr. 

by an ad, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further improvement of his Maiefty's revenue of customs, and for the encouragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of 

ioods into any part of bis Majeftfs dominions) 5 and that when any vnm hip, vessel, or boat, liable to forfeiture by this ad, which, by Oiip, f C shall any ad or ads of parliament now in force, is after condemna* befeized stare tion liable to he burnt or destroyed, or to be used in bis Mawr jetty’s service, shall be seized by any officer of customs or excise theirhsls as forfeited, and the same (hall pot be thought (it or necessary. may be brok to be used in his majesty’s service, it (hall and may be la wful en up and sold, for the respective commissioners of customs and excise, after condemnation, to direct the hull of every such (hip, Vessel, or boat, to be broken up, and the materials of every such hull to be sold to the best advantage, and the prbduce thereof to be di vided III the same manner as the produce of the tackle, furniture, and apparel, of (hips, vessels, and boats, burnt and destroyed, is now directed to be divided; and no writ of delivery (hall be jn what cafes granted out of the court of exchequer for any such (hip, vessel, writs of de or boat, fo seized by any officer of the customs or excise, and very may ** which by any former ad relating to the customs or excise is di fhc^xctscuer reded to be burnt or destroyed, or to be used in his majesty’s tor Sips, service, and which is hereby liable to be broken up, unless the C officer seizing the same (hall delay proceeding to the trial and condemnation thereof for the space of three terms \ and in that cate, not without good security being given, in double the 

C C 4 value 

ftp 

Anno dedmo noao Georgii ui. £.£9 [ <779* 

talue of such (hip, vessel, or boat, tp return the^iamc upatt condemnation, in order to be broken tip, or pfed in hi? Majefty9^ service. 

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforetaid* That, from and after the said first day of Jugufl, one thoe&ad seven hundred and seventy nine, in all cafes where thcotikcro of cuftcims or excise (hall discover and find on board any (hiper vessel, coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the fe prits of any ot the ports of this kingdom, more than one. bun -- dred pounds weight of tea, not being in (hips belonging to or 

Penalty of 3001, on the matter of any (hip coming from abroad having'more than 100 

pounds of tea ___ _____ _ ^ ^ ^ 

^ houiu^oot by the united company of merchants ot Eagkml 

India stip)}* trading to the Eajl Indies; or more than pne hundred gaunes or more than * of foreign brandy, or of other foreign fpiritupus liquors, over lopgahon* of and above the quantity of two gallons for every fcaroan. tbox bess ^ belonging to aqd on board such (hip or vessel, and betdgfn gafloni for calks under sixty galloris; the master, or other person having or 

each seaman taking the charge of such (hip or vessel, (hall forfeit the him ad 

on board), three hundred pounds; and it (hall and may be lawful infeca 

***?& cafe for any officer or officers of the customs or exoife, and ibe 

lons^ ^ other persons ailing in their aid and affiftapee, and they astd: 

♦ ' r eac^ f them is and are hereby authorised to arrest, take, and 

cufto*” or detain, the said matter or other person fo having the charge or 

excifemay command of such (hip or vessel, and to carry and convey 

arrest, such.. person fo taken before any one of his maiefty’s jufttcesef^ matters, ice, she peace, residing near to tne place where such. (hip or veflet. 

(lull then be, or where such person (hall be arretted, and takcct> and the person fo carried and conveyed (hall be obliged to enter into a recognisance to his Majetty, bis heirs and fucceflbrs* before such justice, in the sum of three hundred pounds, (which recognisance such justice is hereby authorised nd required itn take;, with condition to enter an appearance in the courtsof exchequer ip England and Scotland refpc&ively, within the fiefl four days of the term next ensuing such arrest, to any infer, 

, which (hall or may be exhibited against him; amt such 

1‘uttice (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to trenfmit very such recognisance to the king’s remembrancer in such of the said respective courts; and if such perfop (hail refofe to enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then such justice (hatt " commit such person to the next county gaol, there to re{nata until he (hall enter into such recognisance. 

After Aug. t. ‘ YHI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforefakl^ 1779, officer? That, from and after the said first day of Augujl> open thopfand ofc^otiomoj seven hundred and seventy nine, it (hall and may be lawfulfar V theiraffiftant* any °®ceir or officers of the customs or excise, and for all other > ma arrest all perfops acting iq their aid and aflittance, to arrest, stop, and do tain, all and every person aqd persons who (hall be found aiding or assisting in unlbipping to be laid on land any tea, foreign, brandy, or other foreign fpiritqous liquors, or any goods or mef> chanijizes whatsoever, (customs and other duties not being firfb* paid or secured)) which are of may be prohibited to beipa^ • ported into thi? kingdom; aqd such officer or officers aqd all * ’ f * * per (bos 

L 

persons found aiding in qn flum^ng an. cultomed of prohibited goods j 

and carry 

1779-) Anno dedoianono Georg 11 III C 69. 

perfotis a&iog in their aid^n^ assistance, (hall forthwith carry them before 

and convey the said person or persons before one or more of a justice, who 

his majesty’s justices of the peace refiding.near to the place 

where such offences (hall be committed; and such justice or jut 

ticcs (hall, if he or they see cause, commit foch person or persons.... 

the next county goal, there to remain, without bail or main 

priae* until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be 

held for the same county or place, to be tried and dealt with 

as by this ad is herein after directed. 

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Two or mote That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven sot htmdred and seventy nine, if any persons, to the number of two ^ 

orzmore in company, (hail be found palling in any part of this or in disguise; kingdom with one or more horse or horses, or with any cart with anyhortl or. carriage, whereon there (hall be laden or put more than six pounds weight of tea, or foreign brandy, or other foreign fpiri mor^tban fit tuous liquors, exceeding the quantity of five gallons, hot hav pounds of tat ing paid the respective duties by law charged thereon, and not or five gallon having an authentic permit or permits with the same; and (hall «^^uta cany any offensive arms or weapons, or wear any vizard, make, or other disguise, when passing with such tea, or foreign fpiritu * » 

out liquors, as aforesaid;; (hall and may be lawful for any of may be aftvftw ficer or officers of the customs or excise, and all other persons d by any of acting in their aid and assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, the t^7orexc|l poefon and persons fo palling as aforesaid, in whose charge, care, an<j carried puftody, or pofieffion, the laid tea, foreign brandy, or other before a jut foreign spirituous liquors, or either of them, (hiall then be found: dee, and the (aid officer and officers and the persons acting in their * aid and assistance, (hall and may, and they ar hereby authorised to convey the person or persons, fo offending as aforesaid, before any one or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace; who; who may if he or they see cause, (half commit the offender or offenders to coffimittmfe the next county goal, thereto remain, without bail or mainprize till the next general quarter sessions of the peace of the county or place, to be tried and dealt with as by this ad is herein after diveded, 

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Any perfofl* That if, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand after Aug. u seven hundred and fevdnty nine, any person or persons whatfo* *779* 

ever (hall assault, resist, oppose, raoleft, obstruct, or hinder, any * officer or officers of the customs or excise in due seizing or fc customs at curing any coffee, tea, coconuts, chocolate, foreign brandy, or excise in felt other foreign spirituous liquors, or any other goods whatfoevef WJ> uncnftom* which by any officer or officers of the customs or excise (hall or ^ * 

may be liable to be feixed by virtue of or in pursuance of any ad now in force; or shall by force or violence refeue, or (hall or (hah at cause to be refeued, any of the said goods, after the same (hall nave been seized by such officer or officers as aforesaid, or (hall cu * » 

or endeavour foto do; or, after such seizure, (hall cut, or foall Have, break or otherwise destroy or damage, any casks, veflela* boxes, or package, wherein the same respectively (hall be con whicb.fuch fained; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers of the goods (hall be 

Customs contained | 

39* 

may be arrest od by the officer, c and carried beta a joftice, who may commit the offender. 

Officers to enter into re ixignixance to profecuu. 

Charges of prosecution to 

be paid by rcoeiver general of customs or jeaccife. Perfcns committed as aforesaid to be tried by the 

Quarter fef onss 

vision, (hall commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction p the county, ftc. 

.But if fetch convict hall be deemed a proper person to ieeve bis mauftyby land or fed. the juttices (hall dekvfcr him over to the proper officer 

Anno dedmo nano Georoii III C 6$. [1779. 

customs and cxcife, and for all periods acting in their aid and affiftaoce, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the perfect and persons fo offending, and him, her, or than, forthwith carry and convey before one or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace, near to the place where the offence (hall be ran milted or done; and the jpftice or justices (ball, if he or they see cause, commit the person or persons, fo brought before him or them, to the next county goal, until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the same county orplaoe, there to be tried and dealt with as by this adt is hcrctn after directed. 

XL And be it further ea?ded by the authority aftmefiud. That the officer or officers who (ball convey any offender, arrested by the authority of this ad, before any jufhee of the pence as aforesaid, (hall, in cafe fitch offender shall be committed 10 the county gaol as a foresaid, enter into a recognisance to his hid Majesty, bis heirs and successors, before such justice, in the boa of forty pounds, conditioned to appear at such general quarter feffione of the peace, and to prosecute the person 4b committed; and the cammtfiioners of customs and excifc refpcftivdy axe hereby directed and required to order the charges of ftach prosecution to be paid out or any money in the hands of the receiver-general of the customs and excue ccfpedively, anting by nay branch of the revenue under their rdpedive managenaexu. 

XII And be it further enacted by the authority afewftid. That where any person or persons (Kail be arrested, detained, and committed as aforesaid, for any offence agaioft this aft, to any county gaol, there to remain until the next general quarter sessions as atorefaid, it (hall and may be lawfulrfcr the justices at fetch ieffioos, and they are hereby authprifedand required amine, hear, try, and determine, afl and every such offence and offences; and if the person or persons fo committed.as afbre jsid, (hall be duly convicted before them of any offence ogatnft this ad, then, and in every such cafe, it (hall and 49ay he lowfeil for the laid justices, at such general .quarter sessions, and efaey are hereby respectively authorised and required, in lieu +£ any other punishment to which such offender or offenders might be liable for the same offence by any former ad, to commjcfuch perfionor persons to hard labour in the houfe.of corre&too. of the county, city, town, or place, there to remain for a term att exceeding three years, nor less than one year. 

XIII Provided always. That if any person fo ootm6ke4 fbatt be approved of by any officer of his: Majesty Viand forces or fleet, as an able and proper person to fcrve.hi* Majesty, k ihau and may be lawful for the (aid justices, at fetch general quarter sessions, and they are hereby respectively authoriied and required, in lieu of any other punishment to which fetch offender spay he liable by this or any former ad for the same offence or offences, to order and adjudge .every such offender 40 fjprve his Majesty. as 1 soldier or sailor, and to caufc.fuch man to be ddi voted over to. jueh officer of his Majesty ’s land forces or 'fleet, 

fetch 

1779*1 Anno derimo aono<5eoroh 111. e.69. 39$ such offic et giving a receipt under ids 'hand acknowledging whet then are fo delivered to him, which receipt such officer is hereby required to. give; and foch officer may, in cafe he (hall find. jtnbeeffary, detain fach oiafi mfotne secure hoofe or dace no person fo delivered in pw (bonce of dm a A (hail be liable to be taken Oat of bis Majeftyb service by any process other than for feme criminal matter. 

XTV. And be H further enabled by the authority aferefeid, ft justices, at That if the said justices in their sessions (hall not be attended, at the time of the time of convi&ing foch offender or offenders as aforesaid, conviflmgany bytome proper officer of his Majefty’* land forces or fleet, it (bail and may be lawful for the frid justices to adjourn them tended by a feives to feme other convenient day, and to give such dite&iens proper officer, as they (halt think proper for securing foch offenders as afore they may ad. fafd, and to cause nonce to be given to any foch officer of the i^jencttee day and place of sech adjournment; and such officer is hereby thereof to required to attend, or appoint feme other per (bn to attend, the officer, who said justices at such adjournment, and to receive such pwfons as fl, al attend ia fheyfhatt adjudge or order to be fo delivered as aforesaid, jn Cafe or 

fitch officer (hall approve of fach person or persons as able and p proper toferve his Majesty in manner aforesaid. 

XV And it is htereby farther enabled by the authority afore Justices may said. That it (hall and may be lawful for the said justices to im 1 *evya pose upon any gamer, or keeper of any house of correaion, or ■ 

of any'prifen, who fhafl fafferany person, committed to his cu(.' ing anelcape* tody in ipurfaance of this atfty toefcape, or upon any conftafele, ' or an pari/h, hcedboroegh, tithingman, orpsrtfhor town officer, for every officers for 1 wilful neglea or default in the execution of any warrant, order, i of precept, to them, or any of them, diseasd in pursuance of cution of * j s this *&, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to cause every warrants, C 

1 such fine to be kvied bydtftjofs and fale'of she offender’s goods, 1) renrdering rhe overplus (if any,) to the owners, and'to pay the,, 

1 faid'ftne to shetrifonner br informers. 

r, XVI And be 'it fattber enaaed by the authority aforesaid, The second, -, the justices, upon fach'con viaioti as aforesaid, anddfcli d <i«h ec i weryof such persons to focb officer or officers receiving such arttiti rf war 1 perrons as aforesaid, feall cause the second and sixth feaiorts of againftmutiny, the articles of war agahtft mutiny and desertion to be read to and defertioit, the.perfon fotobe delivered as aforesaid, in the presence of the tubereadtotha, said justices; artd (he said justices (hall tender to every fach person the oath mentioned mthe third feaion of the articles of s„, j the" 

, war; and the said justices (hall, and they are hereby required oath tendered (forthwith to certify under their hands, that fudh person or per to them. 

, ferns is or are ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty, setting Justices tocer. 

, forth'rhe name, age, parish, and last place of bbode. Of him or tify that such,, refpeaively, if known, and that the second and sixth feal •^[udted^o Ohs of the articles of waragainft mutiny and desertion wereread rjve II Mato him or them, and that he orthey had taken the oath menti 'jefty.&c. 

, ocsed ht the laid articles Of war, or had refused to take the said _. 

and shall ddjver such certificate, together with stich man wh»cb or men, to the laid officers orqperfoos appoioted to reecive : ^a/th’ such f “

“men, (hall be 

394 

delivered to the proper officers, and they (hall be thereupon deemed to be enlisted. 

An entry to 

Anno dccuno nono Georgij HI. C 69. f[f77f 

and such mah or men (hall thereupon be deemed and taken t be enlisted, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and (hail and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the ad oath according to the said articles of war; and the said juffices (hall also forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them, or by the clerks d tie peace of the county or place, for that pnrpofe, bf the names of bp made of the the men fo delivered as aforesaid, the ages, parishes, and place ^nd^acesof k ab°dc» they can be known, and of the timeani 

sboief&c. of place when and where such men were delivered to the fakf ofi the men lo de cers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of tie livered, and oficers or persons who received them, and for what regiment of the officers Qr cofnp?ny» or Wp they were fo received; and (han ao* who received true copies or duplicates of such entries attested by the nrf* them, C tices or the clerk of the peace, within forty days after the des vering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the (At.. of the secretary at war, or into the office of the commifeobm / for executing the office of lord high admiral. 

Persons ad XVII And, tor the more effectually preventing any frsto&cr judgedroferve abuses that may be practised in the difeharging of such pearibes, his Majesty oy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no perfei ajtfonlefs^* w*10 kg ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty as k difabkd by dier or as a Tailor, by virtue of this aft, and fhidl have been jp accident, C proved of as aforesaid, (hall, on any account, during thctpna Ihali not be of five years, unlefc disabled within tnat time by xmavoidihieac a r~‘ cidont or bodily infirmity, be di (charged from his Majesty service 

\ and any officer of his majesty’s land forces, marines, or fra fervfce, who (hall presume, knowingly and wilfully, tdtfif charge any person fo rnifed, levied, and delivered over, as afore frid, contrary to this, t, or (hau, by false muster or certificate, pr in cpnfideration of a gratuity of any kind, 'tt by any dfccr collusive or evasive ways or means whatsoever, suffer or pennk any such person to avoid the actual service hereby mtehded, pvery such officer (ball, for such offence, be cashiered. 

XVIII And, for the better proventmgthe clandcftine frit and disposal of coffee, tea coconuts, chocolate, foreign? brandy, or Other foreign spirituous liquors, whereby the illegal importafitm and running of such goods is greatly encouraged, and that innocent persons may not unwarily be rendered liable to penalties, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and 

dlfchsrged within five years, nor suffered to avoid aftqal 

frryice. 

Officers offending herein fo be pa ftjered. 

afi«r Aug 1 9* 

dfuggift, grocer, or pilier Person, 

Who (hall fell 

Coffee, tea or W 41 imsihvi atacicu uy uw dumujjij niviviaiu, a uai, iiuui aim cocoa9nuts or after ^hefirft day of /iitgufi, one thousand seven hundred and fe make or * venty nine, every druggist, grocer, chandler, coffeehouse keeper, 

tell chocolate, chocdlate housekeeper, and all and every other person pr per be ’ a^tev0 I o a kller °^» or dealer, n coffee, tea, cocoa 

ove^the^oor nqt8’ or f atiy or cither of them, or (hall be a maker or seller of his (hop, of chocolate, (nail cause to be painted or written in large legihk ic. the words charaaers over the door of each and every (hop, coffee roose, ft Ye0"’ c^oc°iatc‘hou^ olhcr place, by him, her, or them rdpec orf penalty of tively tnade use of fo* the keeping coffee, tea, coconuts, or *oo/. chocolate, the words dealer in coffee, tea, coconuts, or cbociteti, 

the cafr may be, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of two 

hundred 

>779a •'artno.dedma nono Georoii III t.6gl §9$ 

hundred pounds for every (hop, coffeehouse, chocolate house, 

r place, which, from end after the said first day of Aitgufi, one Lhouland seven hundred and feventy~nine, (hall be (b made use of by any such druggist, grocer, chandler, coffeehouse keeper, chocolate housekeeper, or any other peifon or persons, who (hall be a seller or dealer as aforesaid refpe&ivdy, without having the said words painted or written thereon as aforesaid t And that, from and after the said first day of Augufi, one thousand seven And every hundred and seventy nine, all and every importer for late, or|®p°rtc>; ^ dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, (pints, or other foreign strong waters, who (hall sell the same, either by whdefele or rituoui II P retail, (hall cause to be painted or written in large legible charac quors, (hall ters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on some confpicu cause to be ous part of each and every, house, (hop, warehotife, storehouse, [outer cellar, vault, and other places by him, her, or tbedi respectively, door, or in made jufe of for the keeping of foreign brandy, or other foreign the front of foirituoua liquors, the wolds import of, or dealer ini foreign h, s hou && liquors, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such (hop, 0f 

warehouse, storehouse, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from 0r dealer in, and after the (aid first day of Augnft, one thousand seven hun foreign fpiri dred and seventy nine, (hall be fo made use of by any such im tucuii liquor, porter, seller, or dealer respectively, without having the said words painted or written as is hereby dirtded, the sum of fifty 50 * pounds. 

. XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Additional That if any dealer or dealers in tea, coffee, coconuts, or cho* penalty of colate, (hall buy or procure, or employ any oerfon to buy for *00 f. on every him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, any tea, coffee, coconuts, or chocolate, of any other person or persons than of nuts, or cbo* a dealer in such commodities, over the door of whose (hop, colate, and 1 coffeehouse, chocolate house, and other place by him, her, or n every deal them respectively made use of for the keeping of coffee, tea, co fpirftuouvfl? coa nuts, or chocolate, (hall be painted or written, as aforesaid, quors, refpec the words dealer im coffee, tea coconuts, or chocolate, as the cafe tively, who (hall be, every such dealer fo offending (hall forfeit and lose, for qvery such offence, the fom of one hundred pounds, over and go^jor \^ above all former penalties, and if any importer or dealer in quors of say fpreigu spirituous liquors Avail buy or procure, or employ any person not person to buy for him, her, or them, or for bis, her, or their h**?*j£f use any foreign spirituous liquors of any other person than of an ^ painted importer or dealer, over the door of whose (hop, warehouse, over the door storehouse, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them of his (hop, 

I respectively, made use of for the keeping of foreign brandy, and i other foreign spirituous liquors, (hall be written or painted, as | aforesaid, the words importer of, or dealer in', foreign Jpirituous LI 

?uorsi every such importer or dealer fo offending dull forfeit, or every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, over and I above all .former penalties 

I XX Provided always, That no such dealer in coffee, ted, Certain cite 

| or chocolate, (hall be subject to the (aid penalties of ?numerated one hundred, pound for or by r$upn of any purchase or [her thedetu > • ■. ’ transfer ert in coffee, 

ljooq le 

39$ Anno dniso aono gaomttt HL e 6g. [i 

tea. cocoa transfer of any tea, eoffte, cocoa outs, whiift the same fcatw nuts, cho main in. the refpedfive waiefceufcs wherein the hue fluff he 

wwte* lodged and pvt, according to the directions of an ad, made in 

the tenth year of the reign of bis late Majtfty king Georg the first j nor by reason of any purchase of any tea, coffee, or cnoaa nuta, or chocolate, at any (ale or (ales made by the rlirsdksoa of the Bajl India company, or of the commiffioncra of cadet or excite refpechvely; or at any sale made of any tea, coffee, or co coa nuts, sold for the benefit of the inforers or proprietors then of, and which may be sold free of doty to demy the chargee of.. falvaget nor by rwoo of any ftrft purchase pain mas: 

huoreigh fpt!nor wy dealer in foreign fpirituoua liquors be fabffft rituous lito the said penalty of one hundred pounds by reason of the par quori, (hall be chase of any foreign fpirituoua liquors, whiift the same remain cat luhfeft to the hoard the (hips in which the same were lawfullly imported, or 6mpenalty of on qgays upou which they (hall have been lawfully landed; 

nor to the purchase of any rum whiift the same remains in any warehouse wherein the same (hall hare been put, according to the directions of the act of the fifteenth and fixttenth pears ui the reign of hi late majesty King the second; nor to tha purchase of any arrack whiift the lame remains in the wire houses of the united company of merchants of England rad teg to the eef/i Indits t nor to the purchafo of any prise foreign spirituous liquors; nor to' the purchase of any foreign fpirituousii*. qttors sold for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, and which may be sold free of duty to defray the charges offal vaget anything herein before contained to the contrary ootwitb (landing. 

penalty on XXI And te it further ena<sed by the authority afbrefaid, saving’mwu That if, at any time after the said first day of Auguji, one than proper entries fand fovqn hundred and seventy nine, any person or perfect at the excite whatsoever, other than such as (hall have duly made entry, at sht* lot ^ proper of excite, of the places by them rofpe&rmly over their mate «fo of for keeping of coffee, tea, coconuts, or chocolate, doors, tec. or for the keeping of foreign brandy, or foreign fpirituoms lithe words quprs, (hall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written, 

afore men ovpr the door or in the front of any place to them refpo&iveiy 

uoa. belonging, the words dealer in aff‘u> tea,, or ebaenietti 

tas the cafe (hall he, or the words or dealer in fpiritu 

cm liquors every person and persons rcfoc&ively offending therein, (hall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and (hall alto be fobjedt to the fevers! penalties and forfeitures to which persons selling of, or dealing in, coffee, tea, cocoa*nuts, chocolate, or foreign fpirkuous liquors, without entry, arc now fobjedl unto. 

If any person, XXII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, not being such That jf any person whatsoever, not being such importer or dest> d'eawsu X eras aforesaid, (hall buy or procure, or employ any other to buy fore said, (hall for him or her, any tea, coffee, coconuts, chocolate, foreign buy affytp, brandy, or any other foreign fptrituous liquors, (fove and ck coffee, cpr ccptat such sales, and in such manner as is herein before provided tuous Honour's, and excepted) of any other person or persons thanof such person or 

(except ashe' persons 

1/79‘j Annodddlmo noao Gsxmou III C 69. 39? 

peribas rtfpe&vely ow wheft xloor, or in the front, of oti fore except toe con^iojous part of whole house, (hop, warehouse, store ed,) of any bdufe, cellar, vault, or other place, such words (hall be painted {j^ne the a or written as aforefeid } every filch person fo buying, or fo pro fore mention curing or employingany other to buy for him, her, or them, any CD words filch goods as fefortfaid, (hall, for each offence, forfeit and lose painted over the Aim of ten pounds; and if the person or persons, who (hall ihaufm^ift hove (bid any tea, Coffee, coconuts, or chocolate, foreign, 0/# bandy, or other foreign spirituous liquors, to any dealer therein, the 

or to any other person or persons, contrary to the true intent of any tea, and fowling of this ads, (hall, within twenty days next after c contrary such file, and before any information has been lodged against him or them for such offence, discover and inform against the person or persons Who bought, or who procured or employed before any in any other to buy for him, her, or them, such tea, coffee, cocoa formation has nuts, or chocolate, foreign brandy, or other foreign spirituous t? W liquors, as aforesaid, every fach person fodifcovering and inform f/f^aa«a!nft ing (hall thereupon be discharged and indemnified from all pe the buyer, the nakies to which, at the time of such information given, he faid[feller(hall might be liable, for or by reason of such his own offence. 

XXIII And tvhereus by an acty made in the nineteenth y/hf of p^aj^ J ‘ the reign of bis late Mjtjly King George tbi Second, entitled, An his own of atft for the further punishment of persons going armed or dif fence, guifed in defiance oif the laws of customs or excise j and for in Recital of an • demnifying offenders against those laws upon the terms in this ff Gc* ** adi mentioned; and for the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon feheures; and which jaid aft was to continue in' force for the [pace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament; and whichy by several fubfequentfiatutes, of the twenty ftxth and thirty second years of the reign of bis said late Aidjeflfi and the fo&lby eleverithy and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefast Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufani seven hundred and eighty-five, end from theme to the end of the then next fefftm of parliament; 

per sins charged with being guilty of offences in the said act mentioned 

and prefiribedy were required to surrender them/elves within a time 

limited by the said at, and that on neglect or refusal of surrender, 

(ucb persons were to be adjudgedy deemed, and taken to be convicted 

and attainted of felony: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the 

methods and orders in the said act dire stead and prescribed, relative 

fo the apprehending and harbouring the offenders therein mentionedy 

)r for caufeng such offenders to surrender, are, or were re enacted 

ved continued by the said several afts : now, to put an end to such 

letibtiy be it eno&ed and declared by the aiithorrty afbreiaid, a|j 

That all and every the methods, orders, directions, rules, pro penalties, and 

rkimations, penalties, ptmifhments, rewards, matters, and rewards, ’in 

hiftgs, provided, oidered, fettled, directed, imposed, given and the recited aft 

eefutred, by the said *61 of the nineteenth year of the reign of his j^^ittbe*" 

aid date majesty, relative to the surrender, proclaiming, appre fb^nder^nd 

lending, harbouring, and puniftiing such offenders, was, were, harbouring, 

sad m continued and rc enacted by the laid several ab, made cof the of.. there 

lnooqle 

If 

Aono dpdmq ju»a<x&©r©l*rilk £17791 

In mentioned, in thetwcmy fjjcih, «ndtiamf *recqod^«nnt (i£<tb* Wgni/ h 

re continued fey fate Majesty, and iin the fourthf eletenth, aimi cigluremti 

ss'madvfo? y«»s ?f the reign, of hia^refent.m^y nnd ifag top tip mng the lawfully exercised, pwdbfed, applied used and,. unpofoik * ftid recited regard to all aud'cvpry person and perfoo* that offend^.of And - in future offend, agaura the £ud adt of theiunctc&ichijwarrcf his said late Majesty.; t ^ 

AH foreign XXIV And it is hereby, further; cnaaedb by the®utbe**j thread lace, aforesaid, That all foreign thread Jace; which fcomanajtfter imported after the jbxft day of Avgufi* one thousand feyen hundred and<wy tobemarked’ nine be imported into this kingdom*(hall, after,, tbefoige at each end of hath been entered at the cuftoavhoufc* and Wore n (ball he every piece, discharged by the officers, and delivered into thexuftody CD importer, or his agent, be marked or sealed at eac piece, with such mark or feal, and by foehofikotoroffice** # ' the refpedtiye commi (Goners of the^cuftoma in Grmt jifiim 

(hall direct and appoint for that purpose: :, > 

All person XXV And it is hereby further eoadted by the authorityafo* ofi°* That ifany perlon or persons, having inhis, her, Qc th uccmay^on custody or pofieflion, in any part of this kingdom or before Feb. any foreign thread lace, fo directed to be.marked oriented 1**780, bring aforesaid, (hall, on or before the first day of fearaa^oa: tje feme to thousand seven hundred and eighty, bring or cattf* foch fooejo cuaom.hmife be brought to the customhouse for the port neareft.to tb&pte* * where such lace (hall he, and (hall make psoof on aath bffon the colledor and comptroller, or other principal officer *£tk cpftortis at such port, (which oath, such colieflor .fd owp _ ^ b troller, or other officer, is and are hereby requited, tp wi w«epaid7&c, nifter without fee or reward), that the legal duties d^apd payable to his Majqfty were paid upon the impprtatioo 0/ foefe lace, if the same was imported by him, her or them, qc that foch lace was purchased by such person orperfons( having possession thereof) in a legal fair way of trade, aqd that be, foe at they, Verily believe the legal duties due and payable jefty have been duly paid for the same, mentioning thcaiot when, and the port where, such lace was imported, prjriie, tifpe when, and of whom, such lace was purchased, as th$£*fe; nj be, such lace (ball be thereupon, without fee or. reward, xmrked or sealed at each end of every piece with foch mark or sea), and by such officer or officers, as the refpe&ve.commiffioners of the customs in Great Britain, or any three or more of them,. ibau direct and appoint for that purpose. 

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Augujl% one thoufond seven hundred and seventy nine,. every „p#rfon intending to export any such foreign thread lace which 1 (hall have been, marked or sealed pprfuant to the diredlions of this adt, .(hall before foch lace is (hipped n order to be exported, give notice to the proper officer or officers, to be: appointed for that purpose fey the refpc&ive commissioners of the cuftopat in Gnat Britain., wfoen and where be will packup the. same ia order, tot be eaporfcd; 

. ’ _: and 

and have it marked, bn making oath hat the import duties 

ns m 

perrons triiding to export such lace, to give notice to props officer. 

*^.ooqle 

1779*1 Anrio deckho nemo g&orqii HI. dg. 399 

dud the said commiffiomrs of the customs are hereby im powered who is to see and required to caufefuch officer or officers to take care filch. marks or fcate be taken off from every piece fo intended ro ta cn be exported, without fee or reward; ana no person (hall be othcrw]feno entitled to the drawback allowed upon the exportation of such drawback to lace, unless he (ball have given such notice as herein before is be allowed, directed, and until such marks or seals (hall be taken off by the proper officer or officers as aforesaid. 

XXVII And beit further ena&cd by the authority aforesaid ATI foreign 

That, from and after the first day of February, one thou&nd thread Uce # seven hundred and eighty, in cafe any foreign thread lace (hall tr*f 

be found m any (hop, warehouse, or other place whatfoevery p^’ tp upon land within this kingdom, not being marked or sealed,, net * » herein before is directed, upon both ends of every whole and marked a entire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of such lace, the jffo^fjtd. same (hall be forfeited and lost, and (hall and may be seized by e or eite any officer or officers of the customs, and (hall and may be pro 

(ecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same manner, and by the same rules and regulations, as foreign thread lace, clandcf* finely imported and run into this kingdom, maybe prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any law now in force. 

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty op That if any person or persons (hall at any time forge or counter any^wkor^ feit.any mark or feal, to resemble any mark or feal which (hall foi uin be provided or used in pursuance of this ad, or (hall forge or purfuanceof counterfeit the impression of any such mark or feal upon any this, or goods required by this ad to be marked or sealed, or (hall fell, rateffionviiy or expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their custody or pof foreign thread session, any such foreign thread lace with a counterfeit mark or lace marked feal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited j all and or ^aled with cvefy such offender and offenders, and his, her, and their coantcr" aiders, abettors, and assistants, (hall, for every such offence 

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as (hall sue and prosecute for the same; and such offender and offenders (hall also be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in some public place, for the space of two hours. 

XXIX And whereas, at the same time that the laws for fettering ery£ffrfort the revenues of cujlorhs and excise ought to be enforced,, for the sake yjjo 

ef the fair trader, and the honour and dignity of government, it may havebeen be proper to pardon fitch of those who have been heretofore guilty of guilty of any fuih illegal praflicesj who are desirous to make such atonement for offence again ft their post offences, by dedicating themfehes to the service of their ^ 

King and country, be it therefore enatfted by the authority afore cis, and tor ftid. That every person who, before the first day of June, one which no pro thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall havebeen guilty locution hat of illegal running, loading, unihipping, concealing, receiving, 

or carrying, any wool, prohibited goods, wares or merchan ™ indemnified difees, or *py foreign goods liable to the payment of duties of by this aft, customs or excise, (the same duties not having been paid or on tbecon secured), or of aiding or assisting therein, or iha{l have been *ltiw*5£*7* Vol. XXXII Vd armed 

That, before Sep, 1779, aod before he ilia 11 be arretted for such offence, he euter himself to serve as a soldier or sailor for three years, and do duty as such } (hall also, before Sept. V *779>regifter his name C with the clerk of the peace, and sign such regittcr. 

Form of entry. 

cvrk of the peace to trans 

Anno dedmo nono Georgii HI. c.69. £1779. 

armed with firearms, or other offenffve arms or weapons, a order to be aiding dr assisting any such offenders a have been 

Sof receiving such goals, wares, or merchandizes or oreign goods as aforesaid, where duties had not been pad for or secured, after seizure from the officers erf the cuftcuns or excise, or of any other ad or matter whatsoever whereby persons may be deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities, within the intent and meaning of any bw now in force; or of hindering, opposing, obftruding, wounding, or beating, any officer or officers of the cuftoois or excise, in the execution nt his or their office or duty, or of aiding w assisting therein (hall be, and are, by the authority of this present ad, acquitted, indemnified, released, and discharged, against the king’s majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, or officers of the customs or excise, and every of them, and all and every other person and person, of and from all and every the laid offences, concerning which no fuit or information, or pxofeqp tion, (hall have been commenced, or composition made or of ferred, before the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon the following terms and conditions } (that is to fay), that he do before he (hall be arrested for the lame, and before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, inlifl or cqtcr himself with some commiffton officer of his majesty’s land forces or fleet, to serve as a soldier or sailor in the army or fleet, and do, for three years at least, from the time of such minting or entry, actually and bona fide serve and do duty as such in the said army or fleet; and (hall also, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, register his name; employment, and usual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division, where he resides, in a book which is hereby directed to be feept by the said clerk among the records of the sessions for the bid county, riding, or division, for this purpose; and (hall sign such register, figni/ying that he claims the benefit of thi* ast, and that he has enlisted or entered himself with a certain commission officer, by the name of his majesty’s land forces or fleet, as the cafe (hall be, to serve as a soldier or sailor, which entry (hall be in the following form: 

A. B. of claims the benefit of an a of 

the nineteenth year of his majesty King George the Third, and has entered himself with C D. a commiffton officer of his Majejlfs land forces [or fleet], and has registered his name in the book kept by toe clerk of the peace of this county, (ridings or division), this day of pursuant to the directions of 

the said afi. 

for which entry or register, there (hall be paid the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or division, one (hilling, and no more; and that tht.iaid clerk of the pe$ce (hall, immediately 

after 

digitizectby cjoo^ic 

1779.] Anno ctedmo nono gfcoron IL C 6g. 401 

after the (aid twenty-ninth day of September, one though ufand seven to corn hundred and seventy nine, tranfnm to the commissioners of the raij5oners of customs and excise an exact account of ail the persons who have, 3 “accounts by such entry or register as aforesaid, entitled themfrives to all persons who claim the benefit of this aft. haveregiltered 

XXX Prof ided always. That every person who fhau make there names such entry, and claim the benefit of this present vt as afore pen?hy on. laid, and (hall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the jjg?hcbenist like offences as those herein before mentioned, or hereby in of this at, tended to be acquitted, released, and discharged, or (hall at any who shall af tinae after desert from the said service, or, within the said term 

of three years, procure his discharge therefrom, (hall be fubje# kc offences, and liable to be profeluted, not only for or in respect of such or who fhati new offence, but (hall also be subject and liable to all the same desert, C penalties, pains, and forfeitures, as he would have incurred or been subject and liable to, in cafe this indemnity had never been given 5 arty thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XXXI Provided also, That if any officer of his Majesty's land forces or navy (hall, by false muster or certificate, or by 

any other collusive or evasive ways or means whatsoever, suffer j^s J Or permit such person or persons to avoid the actual service as actual service. aforesaid, such person (hall not only lose the benefit of this ad, but every such officer (hall suffer the penalty of five hundred pounds. 

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforfr Any Jofifce, said, That in cafe any officer of the customs or excise lhalf not 

use his best endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, ^ccr^or^ or other foreign fpiriruous liquors liable to forfeiture, and which »eglr& of it (hall be the duty of such officer to seize;; to flop, detain, duty, i*r»y ex carry and and convey before one or more justice or joftices of the amme ***vib« peace, any person or persons whom such officer is hereby autho aa * * to stop, detain, and carry and convey before one or more justice or justices of the peace; that then, and in any of the fard cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any justice or juftice9 of the peace residing near to the place where such officer (hall make default in the performance of his duty, upon complaint thereof made to such justice within three months after such default, to examine into the truth of such complaint upon the oath of credible persons, which oath such justice is hereby authonfed to administer; and if it (hall appear to such justice that there is a and if there reasonable ground for such complaint, then such justice is here a^fe^roimds* by required to rranfmit the said complaint, together with the ot compla?nr* examinations taken before him thereon, unto the commissioners thejuitice of the customs, if the officer complained against (hall belong to foa’l tranfmic the customs; and if such officer (hall belong to the excise, then unto the commissioners of excise; which commissioners of the minatioiuu customs and excise respectively, are hereby required to make ken before inquiry, by such ways and means as to them (hall seem meet, him, to the into the truth of the said complaint; and in cafe they think fit .on the ground thereof to dismiss the officer, against whom such jj^^^ * 

, ~ D d 2 com officer, 

^.ooqle 

CI Anno decfara riono Gboroii HI. e.70. £1779; 

complaint (hall be made, from hie majesty’s fertice, then feck | officer is hereby made incapable of executing any office in bn majesty’s revenue of customs or excifefor the future e provided nevertheless, that no person (hall be compelled to go above five miles from the usual place of his abode to be examined befefc any justice of the peace upon any complaint to be made to him as aforesaid. 

Noperfon XXXIII And be it further eoadled, That no person who prosecuted tin (hall be prosecuted or punished by any. of the provifionr in this der this aft, ^ shall be liable to be prosecuted or punifned for the same other ^ofecu °^cnce ^ otl)er a or aa anything therein contained to tionforthe the contrary notwithstanding. 

same offence. XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforr peilalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this forfeitures. ads, (not other wise hereby directed), (hall be sued for, levied, how to be re and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods, covered and as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered ur app 1 * mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, b plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland % and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, sue for, or discover the same. 

Limitations of XXXV And it is hereby further enabled by the authority actions. aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall at an yd use or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or thtm done or executed in pursuance of, or by colour of, this adfor of any matter or thing in this ads contained, such action or profecutfcn (hall be commenced within the space of three months after the offence (ball be committed; and such person or persons fell 1 •eneraliffue. and may plead the general issue, and give this adt and thefpeciai matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of the said ads: and if it (hall appear foto have been done, then the jury (hall find lot the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be rion suited, or difeontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or de treble softs. fendants (hall and may recover treble costs, and have the Ike remedy for the same, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cas by law 

CAP. LXX 

An all for extending the proviftom of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firjl, entitled, An ast to prevent frivolous and vexatious arreftsj and for other purposes. Preamble. TX tte R E A S in and by an act of parliament, made in the 

Recital of an. ▼ V twelfth year of the reign of King George the Fir fly (entitled, t aft is got. An adt to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests) it is onafted, t 

(^.ooqle 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 70. 403 

That, fromand after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand frven hundred and twenty six, no person Shall be held to fpeeial bail upon any process ijfusng out of anyfup&ior court, where the eatefe of action shall not amount to the sum of ten pounds, or upwards, nor Out 'of any inferior court, where the cause of action Shall not amount U the sum offorty Billings, or upwards: and whereas the power of arrejl and imtrifonment, on mesne process issuing out of fitch'inferior court, where the cause af aflion does not amount to ten pounds, is found by experience to be attended with much oppression to great numbers of his Majesty's subjects; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the feme. That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand After July 1, seven hundred and seventy nine, no person (hall be arrested or held to fpeeial bail, upon any process iituingout of any inferior arrested, or court, where the cause of action (hall not amount to the sum held to fpeeial of ten pounds, or upwards; but that tha like copies of process hail, upon any (hail be served, (for the service of which process, a sum not p^f* issuing exceeding two (billings and sixpence (hall be allowed in cods), 

nd the like proceedings (hall be had thereupon in such inferior for Id than 

court, hi all cafes where the cause of action (hall not amount 

to the sum of ten pounds, or upwards, as are directed to be had, 

by the fsid recited ad, in such inferior court in all cafes where 

the cause of action (hall not amount to the sum of forty (billings; 

any law or ufeee to the contrary notwithftahding. 

II And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the first Proceedingiia day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, in jnfcri°r courts all cafes in such inferior court (having jurisdiction to the amount lolto/up of ten pounds, or upwards) where the cause of action (hall ward, halbe amount to ten pounds, or upwards, the like affidavit (hall be the same as by made and filed of such cause of action, and the like proceedings the r*^tci! • (hall be had thereupon, as arediredted by the said recited adt to *^, 2, of 40 si be had, where the cause of action amounts to the sum of forty or upwards. * (billings, or upwards, in such inferior court. 

HI. And whereas diverse atfs of parliament halve pajjed for the So much of alt recovery of debts within certain di/tn fls and jurisdictions, which may as forreeo bave authorised the arrejl and imprisonment of defendants, where the debn, as au caujt of action amounts to left than ten pounds; be it enacted. That thorite ims so much of such actor as of parliament as gives such power prifooment of (halt be, and the same is hereby repealed. defendantsfor 

IV And, forasmuch as persons served with process issuing out of ™caued.io inferior courts, where the debt is under ten pounds, may, in order to. j. 1 avoid execution, remove their persons and effefls beyond the limits of ^berefbiaj the jurifdiflion of such courts; be it enacted by the authority afore judgement said, That in all cafes where final judgement (hall be obtained, than be ob in any action or fuit in any inferior court of record, it (hall and {a'ne.d in may be lawful to and for any of his majesty’s courts of record” 

at Wifimlnfier, upon affidavit made ana filed therein of such made thereof judgement being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry in any court 

D d 3 having °* rawd * 

tion having ifiued a gain ft the perlon or effects of the defendant, and that the same cannot 

the (heriflf of any county, he 

\ 

Anno dcclmo nono Gkorgu III C yd. [1779. 

Westminster, having beer made after the perlon or persons of the defendant and of execu or dc^cncjant9j or his, her, or their effects, and of execution having i (fried againli the person or persons, or effr&s, is the cafe may be, of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, or effects, of the defendant or defendants arerot to be found within the jurifdiiftion of such inferior court, which 

______ _ _ affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorised 

be found with to take affidavits, and such (uperior court to cause the record of h?, thc juris the said judgement to be removed into such superior court, to interiorcourt* luc writs execution thereupon to the (heriff of any county, thetecordtf cry liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or efefo, such judge f the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon ment may be judgements obtained in the said courts at jvejlminrer; and the removed into iheriff, upon every such execution, (hall, and he is hereby autho courtu^and°r re to eta, n defendant or defendants, until the sum of writvofexecu twenty (billings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the tion issued to effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary cods of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the inferior court fobfequent to the said judgement, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execu* yon (hall be issued. 

Upon what V Provided always, and be it further enacted by 

execution fiiall rity af°rc^i^» That, from and after the first day of one 

beftayedupon thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no execution fhillbe any writ of stayed or delayed, upon or by any writ of error, or fupf rftd&l error, C for thereon.to be sued, for the reverfiog of any judgement given, or reverting t0 given, in any inferior court of record, where the damages givfntnan are under ten pounds, unless such person or persons, in whose inferior coirt, name or names such writ of error (hall be brought, with two where the da sufficient sureties, such as the court (wherein such judgement is inages are un gr ^ajj g*fven) ha 11 allow of, (hall first, before such stay 10 * made or supersedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the party for whom any such judgement is or shall be given, by recognisance, to je acknowledged in the same court, in double thq sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgement, to profecote the said writ of error with effedf, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgement be affirmed, or the said writ of error benon pros’d) all and singular the debt, damages, and costs, adjudged or to be adjudged, and all costs and damages to be awarded for the same delaying of execution. 

Ho cause un VI Provided also, and be it further enabled. That no cause, 

remo^edtnto ere the cause of action (halt not amount to the fqm of ten C V pounds, of upwards, shall be removed or removeaue into any 

si superior court, unless 

superior court, by any writ of habeas (orpas, or otherwise unless, 

the defendant the defendant, who (hall be desirous of removing such cause, become bound ^ajj enter into te like recognisance for payment of the lebt 

to pay debt awl costs if judgement pais a£ai#ft 

him. 

and colls, in cafe judgement shall pafs againli him. 

C A P, 

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III c*7k GAP. LXXI 

i 

for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the finking fund s and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thou(and*feven hundred and seventy nine; and for further appropriating the fiipplies granted in this fefiion of parliament. 

Preamble. >, 071, 854./. 13/. 8d. 17. granted out of the finking fund, for the service of the current year to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 1, 000, 000/or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. All perfont who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this at to have a rally of £ loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preferences to be given in payment. 

. Nd tee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of regittry or payment. Auditor, Set. neglecting his duty, liable to damages, C to be recovered at West minder, No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, lo as money be referred for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bill instead of loans $ and the bills in iuch cafe to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax a of this fefiion. JJJ1 advantages and penalties in the land tax aft of this fefiion, relatingto loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this ad. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Maiefty the sum of 1, 000, 000/. | notwltbftanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae. The sum of 1, 763/. ' 

1/. surplus of tne finking fund; and fifth moneys as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1779, and April 5, 1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; (hall be applied towards making good the fuppiy. The moneys arising by the land tax, malt tax, lottery act, loans, (1, 500, 000/) further loans 1, 900, 000/. vote of credit, *, 763 /. 1 /. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1779, of the furplufles of the finking fund $ and such moneys as (hall be paid into the exchequer between apro 5, 1779*and April, 5, 1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 1, 071, 854./. 13/. id. 1 7. by this aft granted out of the excesses, C composing the finking fund together with the money arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declara tios of war and also such sums of money as his Majesty (hall direst to be applied to the public service, which (hall arise out of the sale of the ceded ' idands in the West Indies j (hall be applied to the uses following: 4, 589, 069/. 

6j. id. towards naval services; 395, 438/. 15/. 4 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance; 511, 935/. 13/. 5 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for in 177*1 6, 013*081 /. 51. 11 d. 3 7. towards maintaining the land forces, Sec. of which 833, 914 /. 18/. 6d. for defraying the charges of 30, 346 eftefiive men, &c.j and 3113 invalids, for guards, C in Great Britain, Sec 1, 103, 118/. 11 /. for forces and garrisons in Africa, 

See. 151, 913/. 1/. 6d, to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish eftabliflunent of troops fenring in America 3 37, 106 /. 

8/. 6d. 17. for general and general ftaffiomcers in Great Britan • 

. 17. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar 

____________/ provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, 

for the year 1779; 367, 103/. 9/. tod. for 13, 471 troops ofhefie Cartel, C; 441/. 19/. 9 d. 17. for two regiments of Hanau, See.; 17, 498l d. 37 for a regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 947/* 15/. 8d. for 4, 300 Brunfwickers, C 39, 644/. 14/ 3 d. for 1, 447 troops of Brandenbourg - Anfoach; 7, 958/. 10/. nd. 17. make good a deficiency for the troops of Brandebourg Anfpacbj 16, 630/. 11/. 9 d. 17. for infantry, See. of Anhalt Zerhft* 48, 668/. 3t. 9/ 17. for provisions for foreign troops Serving in America 17, 683/. 14/. for defraying the charge of artillery 

D d 4 

for 

40$ Atvio dreimo nona gbgiuuiiii. es. [17751 

. or foreign troops, for 17794 610, 8*2/. 5/. for defrayis^ tfee charges the militia in South Britain, and three regiments of fcacibtlea ixnoofc Britain, fofr 1779 \ <5, 760/. 17*. 1 d. for the defraying the charge of cloathiog for militia in 6outh Britain, for 1779; $411/. as /. 6i. forde fraying the charge of additional companies to miima in Sooth &rfea», fo 177**, 2, 656/. 4/. for defraying the charge of doathing dor addmei companies of militia hi South Britain, for 177s; 259, 715/. 3*. 4j, hr augmentations of his majesty’s forces, for 1779; 87, 705/. t, 4 d. totbc educed officers bf the land forces and marines; 6x8/. t. 11/. to the two troops of horse guards reduced, dec.) 103, 317/ 14/. tt theo*t pensioners of Chelsea hospital;; 195/. ***• ld for com pleating tie whole charge of the pay of one, regiment of light dragoons, and IX regiments of foot, serving in America, for 1779; 19, 584/t 1/. for a regiagot om enables to be railed in North Britain, for 1779; 6, 146/. ft. ft make good the charge of forming three regiments of light dragoons, cf 411 men each, C 4, 113/. 6j. 8d. for augmentation to a corps of ropl highland emigrants, trom May 25, to Dec 24, 1779; 2, 016.137/. 44 4l 2 q. for extraordinaries of land forces, from Jan. 31, rj^z, to Feb. 1. 1779; 1, 500, 000, for difeharging exchequer bills of last session; 1, 000, 000/ for paying off the exchequer bills of lait session * 000/.- for paying of the other exchequer bills of last session * 968/. */. Id. to jnake good to his Majetty the like sum issued in purfuaoce of the addre&s of eke, house of commons; 3, 150/. for the civil establishment of the i/land of St. John; 2, 900/. for the civil establishment of Georgia 5 4, 796/ 10/. y. tor supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 4, 930/. for the ortf. cftabhfhment of East Florida; 4, 900/. for the civil eftabliflunent of Wed Florida; 2, 041/. fs for defraying expenses attending survey a in Noah America; 6, 995/. 18/. 11/, on account of nep roads, dec. an the highlands of Scotland; 60, 527/. 3/. 6d. for the relief of American civil officer;, C 5, 000/. for assisting the Levant company; 5, 000/. to James Berjcenbout and Thomas Clark, Jor the di covery of their method of dying scarlet, Scc. 13, 586/. 17/. to make good to his Majelty the like sum issued to Duncan Campbell, for the expense of confining, Sec. convicts in the Thames. 40, 540/. 9 s. 4d. 2 q. to the finking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1778, Sec.; 98, 891 /, 3/. 8ot to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities granted left feffioa; (66, 744/. 4/. 3d 3q. to make good the deficiency of grants for thelerfice cf the year 1778. The said aids to he applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be obfervet} in the application of the half-pay. By a 18 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 90, 939/. 15/. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above fatufying said office, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed fyc. in the late wars, or tq officers widows and children as his ivlajefty (hall diredh 

CAP. LXXII 

* 

An <*& to explain, amend, and render more effefinal, the several laws new in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provisions relative to thi fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 

Preamble "TTTHERE A S many advantages may arise fromfyrtber reguk• 

VV tions in the militia laws, be it therefore enabled by the king’s rnoa excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the lame, 

So much of That so much of an act, made in the eighteenth year of his pg are prc^cnt majerty’s reign, entitled. An afi to amend and render more iates to the ' esse final the laws relating to the raising and training the mifm feiief to tfe yitbinr that part ojf Great Britain sailed, England y and to tfobujh | 

... ' * 1 *’ '• * oertm 

1779*1 Anno ddcimo ndno Georgii III C 72. * 407 

certain regulations with refpebl to offiters serving in the corps of fen' pveji to the cible men dire bled to be roifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned,) as relates to the repealed, * 4 relies, to be given to the families of substitutes sewing in the militia, > 

Jbail be, 1 and the same is hereby repealed. 

VL. And whereas the families of substitutes, hired men, orvolun H°T ^ ^ teers, serving in the militia, when embodied and called out into actual jtitjtc»° that service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parifbes may become to which they belong; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, chargeable. That in cafe any substitute, whose family may fo become char UP 

geable, (hall not serve for the parish where his family (hall dwell, it p°r6c r shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, who (hall make any order for the relief of such family, at the same tyne to direct the overseers of the parish for which he (hall serve, to reimburse the money fo paid to the overseer or overseers who (hall have advanced the same, in purfuanceof the order before mentioned, if such pari (h (hall be situated within the same county; and if such pari(h (hall be (ituated in amy other county, the same justice (hall cause the same to be reimbursed in manner hereinafter mentioned. 

III Provided always, That no such allowance (hall occasion Family of fub* such family to be removable or compelled to be sent to any nor to | workhouse or poorhoufe, nor (hall such substitute be thereby de ^rkhoufel * i prived of his legal settlement elsewhere, nor of his right or vote. nor be de 1 ing for the election of members to serve in parliament. prived of his 

j IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, privilege of 1 That in cafe the substitute, whose family (Kail be relieved as ^otins* 

; aforesaid, (hall serve for any pari(h situate in another county, the moneys advanced by the overseers of the parish, town(hip„or substitute be 

| where the family (hall dwell, (hall be repaid them out of come charge L the county stock by the treasurer of the county to which the able to his pa i parish, township, or place, (hall belong, on producing a certificate 

of the order of the justice allowing such relief, (which certificate rioi intdi^* such justice is hereby required to grant accordingly;) and the ferentcounty, treafiirer who (hall lo repay such overseer, (hall transmit such tbcn b panto certificate, and also an account of all moneys fo repaid by him relm; 

y,. r e. r '.. buficd out Of 

from time to time, quarterly to the treasurer of the county, nd the stock of ing, or place, in the militia whereof such substitute (hall serve; the county for and the treasurer to whom the same (hall have been fo transmit which he ted, (hall forthwith reimburse the same to the treasurer from fervc, ‘ whom the said account was received; which account fo received Accounts to and reimbursed, (hall be laid before the justices of the peace at belaid before their next general or quarter session which (hall be held for such county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof; and the border said justices (nail, and they are hereby required to allow the the overseers same accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the over of the pari(h seers of the poor of the parish, townftlip, or place, for which the 

such substitute (hall serve, to make good the same to the treafur tomake er of the county, out of the poor rates of such pari(h, townftlip, good the same pr place; and all payments fo made by (uch treasurer or trea to the county hirers, overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order or or tr/ffurer ders of eh justice or justices, (hall be allowed and passed in ^lc|c par 

thirl 

. 

os Anno decimo nooo Geoikhi till .& 7a. [ijj^ 

their refpedhve accounts hi bit manner as other cxpeflcts*. curred on account of the militia are by the militia laws now a being directed to be pa fled and allowed. 

Proviso rclat V Provided always. That in all places having peculiar yxif ing topecu didtioos, and not contributing to the county, such account fah tlao$urifiiic" mac*c °*cr to treasurer, receives or other pwblicfc officer M, ' belonging to such peculiar jurisdiction, to be by him reimbursed, 

accounted for, and allowed, in manner aforesaid. 

captain lieu VI And be it further enacted by the authority. That hoi tenants to be and after the palling of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to appointed. and for his majcfty’s lieutenants of counties to appoint captain lieutenants to all regiments or battalions of militia to which. such appointment hath not been already made; and that all cap 

Theirrank. tain lieutenants (hall rank with the officers of his Majtftjs 

other forces of equal degree as youngest of their rank. Qualification VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatfcr lieutenants. le ^uturc Persons to be appointed captain lieu tenants, ftuii have the same qualifications as petfons serving as capuins art required to have; provided that it (hall not be necessary for aw person having acted as captain lieutenant before the firftdaj# July, one thousand seven hundred and fevenry nine to homaoj other qualification than as a lieutenant. 

oirctrt who VIII And be it further enacted, That in cafe any officers; td^ualffy CD °*cers owu have neglected or omitted to deliver in to 

themselves 0r their several respective qualification or qualifications, agreeable 

agreeable to to the directions of an adl, made in the eighteenth year of his M milltia aft jefvy’s reign, (entitled. An act to amend and render more efftfhd i^lhble to rtiding oath raiftng and training the militia within tin 

the penalties Part f Great Britain tailed England; and te ejlablijb certain reg thereof; lotions with rtfpeft to officers serving in the corps of fencibk men i rested to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned) such officer or officers notwithstanding such omission or neglect, (hall not be fubjea of liable to any of the penalties imposed by the said recited ad; and all adtsdone by them in virtue of their refpedhve commissions as officers in the militia are hereby declared to be valid tnd of full effect;; thing in the laid recited a to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Provided they IX Provided always. That this adt (hall not extend to prevail fo qualify Vent such officer or officers, who (hall neglect or omit to deliver or^tbr^thc1 nor t^ieir rcfptdtive qualification or qualifications, on or be first of Dec. f°re re hrft day of December next, according to the diredtionsoi 

next. # the adl of the eighteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, ft 

amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raiftng eni training the militia within that part of Great Britain called Eng' land; and to eflabli/h certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part ej Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned; from being liable to the penalties imposed by the same (of such neglect or omission. 

All militia of. X And be it further enacted, That every officer novpboidiflg* 

o or 

1779-1 Afino decimo north georgir III C yi. 409 

or hereafter accepting a conjtniffion as colonel, lieutenant colonel, ficers above major, or captain, in the militia, shall; on or before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or transmit to within six months after having accepted any such commission the clerk of in future, transmit to the clerk of the peace of the county in the the pea on mhitia hereof such officer shall serve, a true deferiptiort of his tha 

qualification for holding such commission as aforesaid, and also a ec 

certificate of his having taken the oaths required; and the clerk or within six of the peace shall forthwith enter and inroll the same, and also months after (hall transmit to the lieutenant of the said county, a true copy of every such list and certificate fo entered as aforesaid; and the fions/a def.. shall, (unless just cause be (hewn to the contrary criptionof within the famine time by this aft limited,) on receipt thereof, their qualifi. give notice to th officer or officers who shall not have been cer cations C tified by the clerk of the peace to have entered his or their qua ^nant^to^r" 

1 location, that he shall proceed to the appointment of other fit cecd'refpesf^ 1 persons to serve in the militia, if proper persons duly qualified ingthofcofe* 

1 shall offer themselves for such service, in the room of such officers who shall cers as shall, at the time or times abovementioned, have omitted ncg, C j? de 1 foto deliver in the said lists and certificates respectively; and ' 

such lieutenant shall, and he is hereby required and directed to H declare, in the London Gazette, within six weeks, the commission of foch officer to be vacant, and shall proceed to such appointment accordingly: And that, for the better ascertaining the Account to be, time of granting any such commissions, the said lieutenants shall, plied j from time to time, cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, onh/dates, the dates of the commission, and names and rank of the officers, of the new t together with the names of the officers in whose stead they are commiflionv, fo commlffioned, in like manner as commissions in the army are C and the i published from the war office; and the said clerk or clerks of offi^ers°whoni ( the peace shall, on or before the first day of December in every they succeed, 

, transmit to one of his majesty’s principal Secretaries of Clerk of the i state, in order that they may be laia before parliament, a true peacetotranf( copy of all entries to be made and enrolled, and also an account mit' annually, 

, of all returns fo transmitted by him to the said lieutenants, to fecretariesof 

father with the dates of the said entries and returns; and every state, to be uth clerk of the peace being guilty of any neglect herein, shall laid before be liable to the same penalties as by the militia laws now in be parliament, a ing are imposed on clerks of the. peace for any neglect of entnes made duty.. * and returns 

XI And be it further enafled. That in cafe any person or by him trans persons shall take and receive of and from any man ballotted to, mi t0 lbe serve in the said militia, or of and from any person employed by r.? 

• r r t e ' r V 1 1 nailts, OCC. 

him for that purpose, any him or sums of money for the pur penaity0n pose of Serving as a substitute in the militia, in the room of such persons who ballotted man as aforesaid, and shall afterwards negle<sl to appear foal receive at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia man, or be jponcy to fore fofne one deputy lieutenant, in the manner and according Chutes and to the directions of an act, made in the second year of his pre (hall neglect Sent majesty’s reign, (entitled. An act to explain, amend, and reduce to appear to into one aft of parliament the fiver al laws nourin being relating to 

faiag«o.0s. 

4«° 

Commanding officer of every company of militia to lay out! to the mod advantage of each man under his command the guinea to which he it entitled, by aft % Geo. 3, on receiving orders to march out of the county. Deputy lieutenants, C who have bal lotted and. sworn in militia men before the time appointed by law, are hereby indemnify • ted t and their proceedings declared valid, 

Recital of a clause in militia aft i Geo. 3; 

Anno decuno nano gsaftoii III C 72. [ *779. 

the railing and training the militia within that part if Great Botta tailed England J such person or persons fo negledung as afbrc&d, upon conviction thereof before any justice of the peaqe* or .before any deputy lieutenants at their laid meeting, (hall only return the sum fo by him taken and received, but (hall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty (billings to be pauitl & the ballotted man, or to the poor of the pari(h, at the difcsetfon of the justices or deputy lieutenants; and if (uch offender dull not immediately pay the sum fo by him received, and the (aid penalty, he (hall be committed to the house of corre&fon&f the space of fourteen days... i. 

XII And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be 

lawful for the captain, or other commanding officer of company of militia, to lay out, in the manner mod advantageous for the militia man under his command, the sum of one guinea, which, by the Paid recited aft, puffed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, is directed to be paid foall militia men, when the regiment, battalion, or independemeoiii pany, to which they belong, is ordered to be embodied and march out of the county, and to every recruit who (hall afterwards join the regiment, battalion, or company, giving an account within three months, or as soon as desired, to abe^dihifo man fo entitled to receive the said sum of qne.guiaca, how feeb money has been expended. >. C 

XIII And whereas the deputy lieutenants chief magiflrat4a*jmi justices of the peace in several counties, cities and places when the militia nave been raifei* have in fame inflamei, proceeded to abrftjhy 

, lot, and to [wear in militia men and fub/litutos for fiech rajj^bbe counties cities and places previous to the times at wbiak ikofame ought to have been done pursuant to the provisions cstuadned in the militia laws now in being; be it enacted by theauthority^afonemd, That such proceedings of the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby declared valid, mad effectual, and the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby respectively indemnified forfucb, their proceedings. * 1 — j 

XIV And whereas, by an act made in the second year of tbaraigu of his present Mjejiy* (entitled, An act to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feverai laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that parr or Great Britain called England,) it is (amongst other things) enacted That in cafe any person ball be chosen by lot to serve in tbemilitm* for any parifl* tithing or place or parifles* titbings* or places and such person Shall be Jworn and enrolled or hall provide a fie ferfea to serve as his fubjlitute* who Shall be sworn and enrolled the churchwarden or overseer or churchwardens or overseers offucb, parifl* tithing or place flail) within one month after the time yfndr/wearing or inrolling of the man fo chosen by lotor of the fubjtituu respectively pay to every such person fo chosen by lot tf the regiment or.hat tali on in which he or his fubjlitute flail serve flail be tben.embaiiu* any such sum of money, not exceeding fyefounds^ ft. thru dfpntjatikr 

: ‘ ~ ‘ tenants 

. C 72. 411 

tenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one justice, or one deputy lieutenant and two juftitts, in whose presence suck perfonjball be chosen by lot, ball adjuage tele, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county or riding where such person hall be fo thofen by lot: And whereas by an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An adl an »* t o amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the rail .cap $9* irtg and training the militia within that part of Great Britain call fed England and to establish certain regulations with rcfpedl to officers fervkigin the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein Mentioned, it is [amongst other things) enacted, That at any meeting for any county, city, or town, whose militia ball be at that time on actual service, it Shall be lawful for any two or more; of the deputy lieutenants, of such county, city, or town, or for any ohi deputy lieutenant, together with any one jujlice of the peace of such county, to have and exercise all the powers conferred by the therein (and herein) recited aft, with respect to the militia, on any three deputy lieutenants, or arty two deputy lieutenants together with any one jujlice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together any two justices Of the peace of any county at large; now, be it hereby enacted hf the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any churchwarden or everycburch tkcfftffer of any parish, tithing, or place, or parishes, tithings, or warden, C places, (hall, after the palling of this adl, rerufe or neglect to pay at 

to'any person chosen by lot as aforesaid, who (hall have been ron * and enrolled, or who (hall have provided a fit person to chosen by lot, ftrvc as his substitute, who (hall have been sworn and enrolled, and (Worn, or within one month after such swearing and inrolling, such ^umt havc^ovyed not exceeding five pounds, as two deputy lieutenants, or one fabenite*' deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace of fuel) county, such sum, not riding, city, or place, (hall adjudge to be as near as may be one exceeding $/ half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county ha, J or riding Where such person (nail be fo chosen by lot, upon his deputy*lieu ** producing to such churchwarden or overseer an qrder for that tenants, See. purpose, under the hands of two deputy lieutenants, or one de to be half the puty lieutenant and one justice of the peace of such county, ca"cnt price riding, city, or place, thl militia thereof then being embodied, fumee^tori* and in actual service; then such churchwarden or overseer, fo producing a refuting or neglecting, (hall forfeit the sum of fen pounds, to be proper order 1 levied by distress and sale of the goods and chatties of such forihatpur churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under the hand and feal of **'.. any one justice of the peace of the county, riding, city, or place, 1 forfeit where such churchwarden or overseer (hall dwell, rendering the overplus, (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress ana sale, to such churchwarden or overseer $ Application " one. half of which sum (hall be paid to the person fo chosen by thcreo** lotos aforesaid, in lieu of the sum ordered to be paid to him as aforesaid, and the other half thereof to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be added to the common (lock. 

XV And be it further enactcd by the authority aforesaid, So much of Thafrfc much of an passed in the lad fefiion of parliament, the militia 

ihtitulcd, a^of, aft 

1 lemon as re 

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III 

412 Anno decimo none geough HI. C y 2. [177$ 

htc» to the entitled. An act to amend and render more effectual the lams rtbtmi 

lieutenants t0 ^ ra*fi*z an twining the militia within that part of Great Bn 

and ensigns tz'n called England; and to efiablijb certain regulations tenth refftz 

serving in the to officer sferving in the corps of fencible men directed to he raffedin she 

militia, C part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other eorps there 

repealed. tn ffumioned, as relates to the half-pay of lieutenants and ensigns 

» in the militia, and the oath therein directed to be taken bj 

them, be, and the feme is hereby repealed 

perfon*intit XVI And be it further enabled by the authority aferefeid, led to half pay Xhat no person who is entitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half-pay during the time he ibaji serve a lieu serve as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter matter, or surgeon, tenants, C in any regiment of militia, but that the same (hall neverrhetds In the militia, continue; and inttead of tyre oath now appointed, such officer (hall take the following oath : 

Kew oath for j ^ j. do Jwear, That I had not, between the ceil" serving.... place or employment of profit, civil r 

in the militia, military, under his Majestyy besides my allowance of half pay, as a rt duced in late regiment of 

[or allowance as in late tro*f 

of borfe guards, or regiment of horse reduced, ] 

Javc and except my pay as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter master, or [urge on > [as the cafe may be, ]for serving in a regiment j tnihtia. 

And the taking of the said oath (hall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath \ anything in the said recited ad, or any other law, ttatute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

half-pay not XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, to be forfeited Xhat no person who is entitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or lieu ten an tf ** taken to forfeit or quit such half-pay, during the time he (hail C in the serve as a lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter matter, or surge fencible. on, in any regiment of fencible men, but that the same (hall nevertheless continue; and inttead of the oath now appointed, such officer (hall take the following oath: 

bal toffi.r T fitaear^ That I had not, between the 

cers serving in ^ any p^aci or employment of profit, civil or 

the fencibles. military, under bis majesty, besides my allowance of half pay, as a reduced in late regiment of 

[or allowance as in late tree 

of horse guards, or regiment of horse reduced, ] 

Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter master, or Jurgeon, [as the cafe may be, ] forferving in a regiment of fencible men. 

And the taking of the said oath (hall be fufficient'to intitk such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, withoit 

taking 

1779*3 Anno dedmo nonogfiorou III C 7a. 

taking any other oath; anything in the (aid recited ad, or any other law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

XVIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sergeants on any person being a sergeant on the eftabfithment of Chelsea Hof 

pitaly at an allowance of twelve pence a day, and being appoint[” [” Hofpitai at ed to serve in any corps of fencible men, (ball and may receive u. a day, the Uid allowance of twelve pence a day, together with hie pay being appoint from the said corps of fencible men; any law, usage, or cuftpm, tor (ery* m to the contrary notwithstanding. &SS* 

XIX And be k enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the the said ai clerk or clerks of the subdivision meetings (hall, after any fob lowance, to divihon meeting hath been appointed, give reasonable notice m set^er wl!11 writing, of the time and place appointed for the same, to Jhc fcncibles. every deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace who (hall be re Thf ^ sident within the said subdivision; and also to the commanding clerksombb officer of the regiment, if on actual service, or, if not on aflual divition meet service, to the colonel thereof, an account of the days fixed for ings. receiving lifts, ballotting and (wearing in the men, of such subdivision;; (hall, as soon as the men are sworn in, likewise 

transmit to the commanding officer or colonel as aforesaid, a list, specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, of such men as are sworn, and, if substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode, of the principals in the room of whom they were sworn, 

XX And whereas, by an act made in the fecondyear of the reign Recital ofpart of his present Majesty* entitled An a to explain, amend, and re f die militia duce into one aof parliament, the several laws now in being 

relating to the ralfing and training the militia within that part fubdivuion of Great Britain called England, it is enacted That in the several meetings. counties, ridings and places, where the militia has been or hall be raised four subdivision meetings Shall on the lajl Tuesday in May, or on the lajl Tuelday in October, be appointed for the purposes of the said aft; and several directions provisions, and penalties are contained in the said aft, respecting the ballotting* inrolling and providing fubjlitutes, and for other purposes to be done at such four subdivision meetings : ■ and whereas subdivision meetings are likewise by the said act directed to be held, upon even days notice being giving for filling up vacancies in the militia, and for other purpojes therein mentioned; but doubts have arisen whether the several powers pro viflons* and penalties in the said act contained can.ext end to enforce the m 

orders made at any other subdivision meeting than at the four that may be appointed by the general meetings on the lajl Tuesday in May, or on the lajl Puefday in October; be it therefore cna<5ted by the autho Fv, <: ry pfr^ofl rity aforesaid. That in all cafes where ballots are directed to be f^^to the taken by any of the laws relating to the militia, every person mlitialaw*, chosen pursuant to the said a<su, at any subdivision meeting at any fubdi thcreby appointed, shall he enrolled, and every fubfticute provided (hall fubferibe hisconient to serve, and (hall serve in the fak) enrolled? and militia for the space of three years, and shall be liable and fub every fubfti jc<$ to all the several directions, provisions, and penalties, in the tute fubicrib* 

said herein before recited aft of the second of hi present Ma *?18 conrcn* to 

• a, *crvc fr lcliy three years 

Recital of a clause in the militia a & 

St Geo* 3* 

The same power given by that aft to commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, Sec. respecting ballot ting four months previous to the expiration of the time of service, when the regiment, Sec shall be at a distance from home, are hereby continued, whether tney are in or out of the county. Commanding officer impow ered to ditch arge fo many of Ms men whole time of service is near expired, as there are ptherftal lotted as aforesaid to supply their places. If any person ballotted to * serve in the militia, shall not appear to be sworn in, nor find a substitute, nor pay 10 /. canno 

decitoo nono Gzorgii HI. C £1779. 

jefty contained, or in any other ad relating to the militia of this 

kingdom. 

XXI And whereas, by the jaid ab of the eighteenth year of bit present Majesty, power is given to the deputy lieutenants and jftftueiy upon certificate from the commanding officer of any regmentj battalion, or company, to ballot for other men to serve in the militia, where the time of any militiaman ball be within four months of its expiration, when the regiment shall be embodied, and at a distance from home : and whereas doubts have arisen how far the same poooer extends when the regiment ball be embodied, and within the county; and it is highly expedient that the said clause should bo explained and made clear, fo that no future doubts may arise thereupon; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the lame and like powers, directions, and provisions, given by that ad to (he commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, justices, and others, with respect to the ballotting for proper men to serve in the militia, in lieu of others, four months previous to the expiration of their time, when embodied, and at a distance from home, shall be and are hereby continued and given to the commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, justices, and others, to proceed to ballot for such other men, and to execute the powers necessary thereto, at any time within four months previous to the expiration, of their time, when the regiment, battalion, or company, shall be within the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, or in any other county, riding, or place; and further, that the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, shall have power to discharge such number of men of his regiment, battalion, or company serving therein, whose times of service are within the time of the expiration aforesaid, and to receive such other men, in lieu thereof, as (hall be fo ballotted, or enrolled and sworn in as ballotted men or substitutes, at any time within the term fo allowed, whether the regiment shall be within the county, or absent from home in any other part of the kingdom; and the time of the service of such men fo received, sworn in, and enrolled, shall commence at any time within the term allowed as aforesaid, or at the end thereof. 

XXII And whereas it frequently happens that perfims drawn, by ballot, to serve in the militia, negleb to appear, agreeable to the order j of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, to be sworn in and I enrolled, or to find a substitute to serve in their stead, or to pay the sum of ten pounds, and such persons fo negkbing have not fuffieient effects whereon to levy the said sum by distress and sale, and by the laws now in being, in cafe they are apprehended for such failure or negleci, can only be pum/hed by three months imprijonment in the bouse of correction, which puniflment is by no means adequate, when the militia in which they are drawn to serve are embodied; be it therefore enacted, for remedy thereof, That, from and after the palling of this aft, whenever any person drawn, by ballot, to serve in any militia regiment or company, shall neglect to appear to be sworn in, or to find a substitute to serve in his stead, or to pay the sum of ten pounds, or shall not have fuffieient effects whereon to levy 

1779*1 Aftno decimo nono.ge^roii IH. C 7»; 415 

the same by distress and tale, and be aawvwds apprehended by 

warrant from any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, foe ftfch offence, instead of bemg puni(hed hy commlhnent1 to the butflrallbd honfeof: corr«<9ton, as aforesaid, hi name (hail beenrered on ateerward*ap* the.ixdls, and he shall be delivered over to some proper office preheoded, 

of the regiment or company for which be was drawn, and be S namefliall compelled to serve for the full term of three years front the rhyme ^ccr^c^n of his. apprebenfion, and be liable to the same punifhmeats for (hall be de afterwards abfeonding, deferring, or otherwise, as if he hadori^ livered to a ginallv attended, aod been duly sworn and enrolled proper officer, 

XXIII And whereas, by an act pajj'ed in the fecondytar of bh Mujtftft reign, intituleds An act to explain, amend, and reduce thrce years imo one ad of parliament the feveraj laws relating to the'ini* Deputy lieu julia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, certain tenants, See, prwers were granted t deputy lieutenants and jujlices to hold' fubdi* on receiving vijion meetings, and'to order fresh ballots for the purpose offilling, up ^^•nc0qf “Vacancies, in the cafes therein mentioned, giving, seven days notice of™™ ^fguiar such meetings \ and doubts have arisen to what cafes or vacancies discharge of fmk powers extend; be it enacted, That the said deputy jieute j any mintia flints and justices (hall, and they are hereby required, in all cafes, mane are whdn a regular discharge of any militia man (hall be produced *£ccrinhis^ tp them, from any commanding officer, certifying the reason of cad. 

Aujh discharge, and that such reason renders such militia man u^fit for service, to proceed to confirm the same, and also to, caufo the lists to be amended, and other persons to be chosen ta fill up such vacancies, in like manner as in and by the said recited ad, or any other law now in force relating to the mijitia, i directed and provided.. 

XXIV And whereas great inconvenieneies have arisen from ffr* 

tain powers granted by an afl, pojfedin the eighteenth year of his Ma,, ’ 

reign, entitled. An act for defraying the charge of the pay if # \ 

and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand ftven hundred and feventy*eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned; be it enacted, That so much of the said ad as relates to thfe powers granted to deputy lieutenants and justices, and to colonels or commanders of regiments or battalions, to discharge militia men, and order frdh ballots, before the expiration of the term fo^ which such militia men (hall have been chckn by lot, and in rolled to serve, (hall be, and the same is hereby repealed. 

XXV And whereas by the militia laws notv in being, it is enaftei, Recital of pare That his Majesty's lieutenant for every county, riding, and place, to of form*r mi gether with any two deputy lieutenants, or in the Offence, removal 

or deaths of his Majesty s lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, anp"fq|£, g Jballpfor Jcveral of the purpofts in the said afl declared, appoint fub subdivision dmfions of the said deputy lieutenants, within their fafpeftive coun of d«puty ties, ridings, and places, and Shall ijfue out their orders to the chief lieutenant. tollable, and when there is no chief eonjlable, to some other officer of the ftveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within their refpeftiv* counties, ridings and places, to require by orders under Voi XXXII E e their 

Got e 

4*$ Anno derimo nono Georg a III c.72. [1775. 

thtir hands tthtton/iabu* Uthingman, htadborougb, or at for officer, sf parijb, tithing, or place, within their refpeflive hundreds, rapes, iota, wapentakes, or other divtftous, to return to the deputy lieutenants, wnihit their refpeflivefubdivifions, at the place and on the day appointed at tbt aid sir ft general meeting, fair and true lists in writing of the names ef d the men usually, and at that time, dwelling within their refpeflive purifies, tithing, and places, between the ages of eighteen and fosty fm, diftinguijbing their refpeflive ranks and occupations, and for the it veral other purposes in the aida dire fled: and whereas, sir she deferent rapes in the county of Suflcx* there are no peace officers vrt can at officially as belonging to the Jdid rapes: and whereas the rcpc> in the said county are the mojl convenient dijlrifls to be appointed a tbefubdtvifions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the several pv pojes dire fled by the said afls, and do contain within their bound nes ftviral hundreds, to each of which there is a peace officer belting: and whereas the boroughs and titbings, over whub there an headborougbs, titbingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in tits boundaries, and often include parts of various parijbes from whiz great inconveniences arise, both in ballot ting for the men to be draw: by lot for the fervid of the said militia, and dlfo in the payment si the money dire fled to be paid by the parijbes to those who may be CL lotted to serve: and whereas it would be more expedient that tit halloaing for men to serve in the said militia for the county */suitex should be by the divifm of parijbes, to which divifton there are a Lord Heute Peace officers 5 be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, nantotsuitex That, from and after the lad Tuesday in Oflober next, his sod after the last Majefty’6 lieutenant, or on his death or removal, 6r on his ab jext^c^ober ^cnce> any three or more deputy lieutenants of the county ct to sue onlers $U]F£*> an may htue out his or their orders to the chki to the chief constable of the several hundreds in the rapes in the said couat? conitable* of where their subdivisions may have been or may be appointed, hundredsto directing such chief constables to issue their precepts to the ceputo rprc* churchwardens or oyerfeers of the poor of each parish within churchwar their respective hundreds or other divisions, to return to the dens, See. to deputy lieutenants within their refpc&ive subdivisions, at the return to the piace anj on the days y them directed, fair and true lists in tenants lifts" writing of the names of all the men usually dwelling withia of the names their respective parishes, between the ages of eighteen and forty of all men five, distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and dwelling in for such several other purposes as are directed to be done by the between^he* constables, tithingmen, headborough, • or other officer, of each ages oli8 and parish, tithing, or place, within their respective hundreds or 45, kc. other divisions, in an adt, made in the second year of his present Churchwar Majesty, entitled, An at to explain, amend, and reduce into one fewt^ht* Parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raifii purposes of * and training the militia within that part of Great Britain udkl the militia. England and that the churchwardens and overseers of the laws, to be poor of the several parishes in the said county, to whom such dwraed the or(icrg ffiall be iffiied, (hall, for the purposes of the several as parhbj°ke. parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom, be deemed 

the officer of such parish, and (hall be invented with all the 

powers 

*779-1 Anno deckno nono Georgii III C 73, 74. 417 

powers and authorities, and be liable to the several pains penalties, and forfeitures, as the constable, tithingman, head borough, or other officer, of any parish, tithing, or place, art subject and liable to, for, or upon account of his refusing or negleaing to return such lists, as aforesaid, of being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality in making thereof, or not attending the orders issued by his majesty’s lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, or for the several other bffencea in the Said recited alt or in the present alt contained.. 

-; 

CAP. LXXIII 

An alt for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned. V 

preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for V 000, 000 Treasury 

may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is preferibed by the land tax alt of this leflion, concerning loans, The cjaufes, C in the said alt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, CC to be made in pursuance of this alt. Principal and interest, with charges, to be paid ont of the next supplies, and if liifhcient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1780, then to be paid out of the finking fund; and the moneys fo iftued to be replaced out of the fir ft supplies. The bank empowered to advance, on the said credit of loan, any sum not exceeding 1, 000, 000/. 

CAP. LXXIV 

An ah to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation imprifonmenty and other punifoment % of certain offenders. 

WHEREAS the punt foment of felons, and other offender j, Preamble. 

by transportation to his majesty*s colonies and plantations in America, is attended with many difficulties: be it therefore enatfted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of July, one thou When any fand seven hundred and seventy nine, when any person, at any pf^fon con ““of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter e^ndor or other general session of the peace, to be held for any Wales, of any county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, crime punish within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great abe by trans session to be held for the county palatine ofcbejier, or within [? 

the principality of Waless (hall be lawfully convilted of any court may or grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for which he or der him to be lhe is or (hall be liable by law to be transported to any of his transported to majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, os if any person oicfthe ^ convilted of such crime hath already been ordered to.be (6 trans either in Ame^ ported, but such order hath not yet been executed, it shall and rica, orelfe may be lawful for the court before which any such fier(3h hath where, been or (hall be fo convicted, or any court held for the same place with like authority, if such court (hall think fit, to order and adjudge that such person (hall be transported to any parts 

E e 2 beyond 

4*8 

Anna drcimo i^ono Georgji III 0, 74. [177^ 

beyond the fcas, whether the Time be fitugted in Aamcay or elsewhere, in such and the like manner, and for tiny term of years not exceeding such and the same term as and for which such person is or hall be liable tp be trajifported to any of his majesty’s colonies and plantations in America aforesaid j any hw, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. 

When any II And be it further enacted, That when any such person, c°dv, ^d^f3^^iwh° hath already been, or (hall hereafter he fo convjfted, ftxall, tramportation ir consequence thereof, be ordered to be traolportcd to anj at aforesaid, parts beyond the Teas, oris his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffon, or any offend (hall hereafter be graciou% pleased to extend the royal mercy Y c11ludcd rt any oflfender convicted or attainted of any felony by which clergy, (hall "h or ^ 18 excluded from the benefit of clergy, or of such receive hit statutes as arc equivalent thereunto, upon the condition of majesty’s par ..transportation to any parts beyond the Teas as aforesaid, thenacd 

don on condi jn any such cafcs a|j laws, statutes, usages, and customs now Ln force, with regard to the transportation of criminals to any cf 

“-- u: o ik 

aforesaid, all laws relating to tran (porta tion of criminals to Ame 

offenders first mentioned. 

his majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, and the: punifhroent for being afterwards at large, within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, before the expiration of the fevercl terms for which they were ordered to be transported, or hd tica, and their agreed to transport themselves, and particularly the fever! proreturning be visions contained in an act, made in the fourth year of King fore the expi George the First, entitled. An act for the further preventing robber), term?fhall bt ^ur£^af7i an ot^r fdonut; and for the more effectual tranfportatiz in force with of felons and unlawful exporters of wool; and/or declaring the late respect to the < upon some points relating to pirates; and in one other affr, made in the sixth year of King George the First, entitled. An a sir the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effectual transportation of felons \ and in one other a!, puck in the fifteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for the more easy and effeftualtonviftion of offenders found at Iprge within the kingdom oj Great Britain, after ihq have been ordered for transportation \ in one other a CL made in the eighth year of his prefeut m^jcfty, entitled. An act for the more speedy and effeftualtranfportat'unaf offenders; (hall take place, be in force, and inure, with regard to the transportation of all such offenders as aforesaid, to any part or parts beyond (be Teas, and with regard to their punilhmept for being afterwards at large in this kingdom before the expiration of their refpeeftive terms, in like manner as if the same had been repeated and fpeciajly inserted in this aft. 

III And whereas the pumfhmeni cf burning in the handy when any person is convicted of Jelouy within the benefit f tiergy% is often difregardedy and imfieftaal\i and feme times may fix a lajling mark of ' which he (hall difgraee and infamy on offenderwho might otberwtje become good be liable to be j^jeftsy and profitable man ben of the commonwealth; be it there hand, 'the * That, from aud alter the pafling of this af, when court*may, any person (hall, in any of the courts before mentioned, be law instead there fully convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for of, impose on which be or (he is liable by lw tq be burned Qr marked in the 

brawn 

When any person is convicted of any felony for 

ljooq le 

i779-j Anno ctecirtto nono gfcorgl! III C 7*4. 419' 

fcraton of thfe left thumb, ft Ihitf may be lawful for the him a mode £ourt before which any perfbtt (hall be fo convnfted, or anvratefinci court held for the same phce With the fike authority, if fucn court shall think fit, instead of such burning or marking, to im jose upon such offender such a moderate pecuniary tine as to the court in its discretion (hall seem meet i or otherwise it (hall w him be lawful, instead of such burning or marking, in arty of the to be whipped. ases aforesaid, except in the cafe of manslaughter, to order and adjudge that such offender (hall he btrce, or oftener, but net more than three times, either publicly or privately whipped, such private whipping to be inflicted in the prtfence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and the officer who in fli&s the same; and in cafe of female offenders, in the prefertce of females only; and such fine or whipping, fo imposed or inflicted, instead of such burning or marking, shall have the like effedh and consequences to the party on whom the same, or either of them, (hall be fo imposed or indidfed, with respect to • any discharge from the same, or other felonies, or any reftitu tidn to his or her estates, capacities, and credits, as if northeast or (he had been burned or marked a aforesaid. T 

IV Provided always, and be it further enjhsed, That no This a not thing in this aft contained (hall abridge or deprive any of the to abridge said courts of the powers now verted in them by law of detain fdcl ing and keeping in prison, for any time not exceeding one year, courts of im or of committing to the house of correction, or public work priftming pf house, to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than six feeders, months, or exceeding two years, any such offender as aforesaid;; that such offender may, if such court (hall think fif, 

after such burning or marking, or after such whipping or fine, as shall by virtue of tills present afl be inflicted or imposed ‘ instead thereof, be fo detained or committed, and with such accumulated punifhtnern, in cafe of escape from such house of correction or Workhouse, as if this a had never been made. ‘ ' 

V And Whereas, if Marty offenders, C on V idled of crimes for which His Ma jetty 

tranfportaiion hath been Usually in fitted, wire ordered to solitary *mp°.wered t<y 

imprtfonment, accompanied by well regulated labonr, and religiont fy^'vifors^ 

biftrutlion, it might be the means, under providence, not only of de who are to fix 

terring others from the commijfton of the like crimes, but nlfo of re upon a piece, 

forming the individuals, and inuring them to habits of tndujlry; be r grund,. 

it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful 

. 3 - thereon two 

tor his tnajefty, in his privy council, to Appoint three persons tofabttantial be supervisors of the buildings to be ere<5ted in pursuance of this edifices, to be ad, and from time to time to remove them, or any of them, ca, led peni and appoint others in the place of such as (hall be fo removed, for 

or (hail die, or resign their trust;; the said supervisors, confining and any two of them, (hall, as loon as conveniently maybe, six employing upon any common, heath, or waste, or any other piece or pieces convicts. at ground, which may be lawfully purchased under the powers of this aeft, and whicn (hall be situated within any northeast of thw coupties of Middlesex, Effix, Kent, or Surry, upon which they, / 

qj any two of them, (hall erect, orcaufc to be created, two 

E C 3 plain, 

v^ooqie 

io Anna derimo nano Georgii 1x1. C 74. [1779. 

plain, ftnong, and substantial edifices or houses, which (hall be called Tbi pmutotiary Heufts% for the purpose of confining and employing in bard labour, in one of the said houses, such male convi#s, and in the other, such female convi#s, as, in pursuance of the powers hereinafter contained, (hall be ordered to altbt nd. hnprifonment and hard labour : provided always. That in six fpecnl^rtgu^ ing upon such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid - to be hadto (hall be especially had to healthiness and the accommodation of healthiness water, avoiding, as far as possible, any place where other build 

daccon, j^gg ^ or my crc^cd contiguous to, or within a fault dit 

Vrnr tance from the outward fence or enclosure of such houses, ora * * situation within any populous town : provided also, That the 

ache a * and other circumstances of iuch piece or pieces of 

proved of by ground (hall be reported to and approved of by the lord chan the lord chan cell or, the speaker of the house of commons, the juftie'es of the cdloi, the courts of king’s bench and common pleas, the barons of the 

iudge^and cof court cxchequer, and the lord mayor of Lmkn, lord mayor, for the time being rcfpe#ively, or by any eight or more of them, before the same (hall be finally fixed upon, or any pur chat made of the same. 

VL And be it further ena#ed, That when such piece or pieces After such of ground (hall be fixed upon, with such approbation as aforesaid, 

approbation, the fey fopervifors, or any two of them, (hall, as soon as may be, contra for the absolute jpurchafe, in fee simple, of the the ground, fd piece or pieces of ground, for the purpose of eredling there which (hall be on such penitentiary houses, and other buildings and enclosures, conveyed to in such manner as herein is directed; which ground foto be assize of the Purcfia^ (hall be conveyed to the clerk of assize of the home home circuit circuit for the time being, and to his successors for ever; and for the time the said clerk of assize for the time being is hereby made and being. declared to be a corporation foie, for the special purpose of being 

capable to take and hold, in perpetual succession, the said piece or pieces of ground for the uses and purposes of this avii. 

And be it further ena#ed, That it (hall and maj be fncapacitated kwful for all corporations aggregate or foie, ecclesiastical, civil, persons im or eleemosynary, huibands, guardians, committees, executors, powered to sell administrators, and all trustees whatsoever, not only on behalf the curbofcf0r themselves hut also on behalf of their ceftuique trims, whether ©f*hba#.cg infants or issue unborn, lunatic, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons under any disability whatsoever, and also for all other persons who are or (hall be seized, pofiefled of, or interested in, any piece or pieces of ground on which the said penitentiary houses, or either of them, (hall be appointed to be erected, to contra or agree for, fell, convey, and afliirc such piece or pieces of ground unto such clerk of assize for the time being; and all such contra#s, agreements, ' Tales, conveyances, and assurances, (hall be valid and effe#ual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding $ all corporation! and persons fo agreeing or conveying, are hereby indemnified j£or what they (hafi refpc#ively do by virtue of this a; 

; ' And 

177^-] Anno decimo nono g&o*gif JW.C* j14;. - 421 

VIIT. And be It further 6fia£te<^ that ah fumvof money Sum paid for which (hall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation husbands, execotors, administrators, guardians, committee, or other trot u?d out tees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infanta, lunatics, idiots? in the pur femes covert, or other ttftwnue trusts, or to any other perfect or chase of lands persons whose lands (hall be limited in ftri# settlement, for the habjeft to the purchase of any such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid, (halt, rn cafe such fumsof money (hail exceed the sum of onc huns 

dred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, husbands, executors, administrators, guardians, commitees, or other trustees, or any person or persons seized of land fo limited in ftri# fertiemenr, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee simple, to be conveyed to, or to the use of, such corporations, husbands, executors, admtni ftrators, guardians, committees, or other trustees, and to apd for such other person or persons, and for such estate and eftatps, and to, for, upon, and fubjelt to, such uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands or grounds for or in refpe# whereof such purchase money (hall be paid as afore&id, 

(hall be limited, fettled, and allured, at the time such purchase or contra (hall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as (hall be then capable of taking esse, the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the ex pence of building on such ground; and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases (hall be made, such money, pu^hafe &sll Whether the same (hall or (hall not exceed the sum 6f one be made, to be hundred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, or other placed out on persons for the time being interested therein, in some govern gotrtrnment ment securities, in the names of two persons, one to be nomi *ccu*, tt itated by the party or parties for the time being interested therein, and the other by the supervisors aforesaid;; the interest arising from such securities (hall be paid to such perion or persons refpe#ively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of such piece or pieces of ground, in cafe the same had not been sold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments foto be purchased, in cafe the same were purchased and fettled as aforesaid. 

IX And be it further ena#ed. That if any such corporations. If owners «• huibands, guardians, committees, executors, administrators, or to tret other trustees, or any person or persons for the time being inte the^ric^of rested in any such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid, upon fcrrid by the notice to him, her, or them given, or left in writing at the house fupervilor*, or houses, or other place or places of abode, of such person or tjj* vhf persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corpo b^f^rtained ration, (hall, for the space of twenty one days next after such by a jury, notice given or left, negle# or refuse to treat, or (hall refuse to accept such price as (hall be offered by the said supervisors, or their agent, or shall otherwise not agree for the sale of such piece or pieces of ground, or if, by reason of absence or incapacity, they (hall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and in every such cafe, the faid/fupervifors* or any two of them, 

E C 4 hall 

'n 

Witnefle* may be examined oa oath. 

Supervisor to order such sum to be paid as (hall be ascertained by the jury. 

*rerdi£t of the jury, and order thereupon, to be recorded, and 'final. 

How the jury (ball be sum ihoned. 

Juror? may be 

challenged. 

Supervisor 

Anno deqpno ncoogeojigii 111; c.74^. f 1779. 

(bull 0<uife the v&lue of such ground to be inquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, wherein the fine (hall be fitus^ed; and to that epd (hail Summon and call before such jury, and. examine .upon path, (which oath any one or more of such supervisors is and are hereby empowered to adau nifter,) any per (bn or persons whomsoever *, and such fuperri fors, or any of them, (hall by ordering a view, or otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of thprofelwes, and of fuel jury, in the premises; and when such jury flail have inquired of and ascertained the value of such ground, the Said supervisors (hall thereupon order that the sum. or Sums of money which hall fo appear to be the value of such ground, (hall be paid and applied in such manner as is herein before dire^ed touching the money to be paid for ground, for 6k whereof the person or persons interested (hall cqntwkft and agree in manner aforesaid;; verdieft or inquisition, and order, (hall be filed on record by the clerk of the peace of the d county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, and (hall be final and condufive, to all intents and purposes what faever, against all parties and perions whomsoever, claiming or to claim in podefiion, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, their heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, /emes emn, lunatics, idiot?, and persons under any disability what foe ver, corporations, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, execo tors, administrators, or any other person or persons whomsoever. 

X And, for summoning and returning such juries, be it further enacted. That such supervisors, or any two of them, may issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or bailiff of any particular county, riding, liberty, division, city, corpora lion, or place, within the limits of which the Said grouod (hail be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty-four persons, qualified to Serve upon juries, to appear before the Said supervisors, or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants (hall be appointed; and such (her iff or bailiff is and are hereby required to impannd, summon, and return, such number of jgpfons accordingly; and out of the persons In sum maned, im* pannclled, and returned, or out of such of them as (hall appear upon such funupons, the said supervisors, or any two of them, (hall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by ballot, and to swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve mett, who (hall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid;; in default of a Sufficient number of jury men fo returned, the said (heriff or bailiff (hall take such other honest and indifferent men of the bystanders, or that can fpeediiy be procured to attend that service, to make up the number of twelve; and all persons con cerned (hall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said supervisors, or any two of them, shall have ppwer, from time to time, to impose a fine or fines upon such sheriff or bailiff, pr bis deputy 

1779*] Anno decmiq nono gearoiihl : C 74.* 423 

or deputies, making def*ultin the premies, and on any of (he may impose a persons who (hall be summoned and returned on such jury, and neon who (hall not appear, or appearing, (hall refuse to befworn on tbfc'dtfauit., Dg laid jury, or being (worn, (hall refuse to give, or (hall not give, a ‘ verdwrt, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negkdt his or their duty therein; and alfoonany persons who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the find jury, (hall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, (hall refuse to befworn, or to give evidence; fo that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor leis than twenty (billings, on anyone perfonfor one offence. 

XL And be it further ena&ea. That in cafe any jury (hall Expense of give io and deliver a vcrdid for more money, as the value of jury and wit (uch ground (b to be purchased, than what (hall have been ne™ ' * offered for the purchase thereof, by the said supervisors or their 0 agent, to any person capable of contracting for the same, the' V costs and expenses of summoning and maintaining the jury nd witneifes (hall be born and paid out of the same fund as the expenccof the buildings to be erected thereon; but if such jury fhajl give in and deliver a verdict for no more, or for less money than the money which (hall have been fo offered .by such supervisors, or their agents, then the cods and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses (hall be born and paid by the perlon or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such grounds, (hall arise. 

XII And be it further enacted. That upon payment of the On payment money fo ordered to be paid for the pbrehafe of such grounds or tender of and premises, or, upon refusal or inability to receive the same, „cv leaving the same in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the forv may take county where such penitentiary houses are to be built, for the possession of use of the persons or parties entitled thereto, rt (hall be lawful the premises. for the said supervisors, or any two of them, their workmen or 

agents, to enter upon and take possession of such grounds and premises, for the uses and purposes of this ad, and thereupon all such persons and parties (hall be diverted of all right and title to such grounds and premises. 

XIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That Limitation of nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to compel the sale of ^0^0^° any ground, with a house or other building, bonafidi intended eis otground for the purposes of habitation, upon it; or of any park, pad to (ell. dock, orchard, or other ground, enclosed for the immediate convenience of any house, or of the offices belonging thereto; 

or any ground improved as pleasure ground, or planted with wood; or any enclosed ground immediately adjoining to any house, park, paddock, garden, orchard, yard, or pleasure ground, and occupied therewith 5 or any ground between any house and any paik, paddock, yard, offices, garden, orchard, or pleasure ground, belonging to such house, and occupied therewith. 

XIV And be it further enacted, That the fadd supervisors, or Superiors to any two of them, (hall contract with proper j>erfons for erect ^^ereaion ing such penitentiary houses, together with the several buildings of the houses, 

a and C 

4?4 Anno dcdmo rfonageorgil TIT. C 74. 

and enclosures thereunto belonging, send (hall fiiperinttndihc credion of such houses and buildings, and the duo performance of such contracts as (hall be entered into touching' the Emit; One of which and the said penitentiary houses (hall be made fiifficiently br*e shall be large to contain, the one of them six hundred male convids, and the co^ain 6° ql^er them three hundred female convids; arid eachoffoch males'andthe houses, or the buildings and enclosure thereunto belonging, other fe contain proper ftorehoufies, warehouses, veorkhoufesy and males; with lodging rooms, an infirmary, a chapel and burying ground; a proper store prison divided into dark but airy dungeons, a kitchen garden, u C and also proper airing grounds, yards, offices, and other nfccef fery apartments for the several officers and servants herein after 

A plan of the directed to be appointed: provided always, That before mr boimings, and such contra ds (hall be made or entered into by the said fiijfef the^e^pence the pan ch houses and'buildings, with the eftimat& 

to be approved expense of erecting the same, (hall be said before, and 

f by the lord approved of by, the same persons to whom the approbation of chancellor, tlie.^piece or pieces of ground whereon the same are intended to C be creed is herein before referred, or by any eight or mbreof 

Ex ence* of t*kin: 'Provided amo, That the expenses of purehafing the ^rdtafmgthe ground, of erecting the fid buildings, and of making a proper ground, and sompenfation to the said supervisors for their trouble and chuges, erecting the being previously examined and fettled, from time to time, by tobede^ra^ed f the peace of the county or place wherein such 

by warrants groun^ shall be situated, at their quaner or other general fd from the trea fion, and approved and allowed by the justices of affixe, at their tury* then next subsequent affixes, or, if in Middlesex, by the justices 

of the court of king’s Bench, (hall from time to time be defrayed by warrants from the commissioners of his majesty’s treafery, or the high treasurer for the time being, and (hall be provided for in the manner herein after mentioned. 

Hi Majesty XV And be it further enacted, That it (hall and maybe >mpowered to lawful for his Majesty in his privy council to nominate tnd 

committee of ^pp0101 ^rce gentlemen, or other creditable and fbbftantialper commi ee ot a and for a committee to superintend the said houses, and 

from time to time to remove all or any of the persons compofin* the committee, and appoint othprs in their dead, or in the’seat) of such as (hall die or resign; which persons fo compofingthe said committee, (hall be entitled to such allowance per dim for their trouble and expenses, in every day’s actual attendance on the duties of their ctfice, as the said justices of the peace, ar their quarter or other general session, with the approbation and allowance of the jqftices of afiize, at their then next subsequent alfizes, or, if in Middleftx, by the justices of his Majefty1* court of King's Bench, shall from time to time order and direct; Committee to ark le committee, or any two of them, (hall and mayap appoint a point a clerk, to continue during their pleasure, with such fa 

clerk, who jary as they (hall judge to be reasonable; which clerk (hall keep 

shall minute rcgo]ar minutes of the proceedings of the said committee; and the (aid committee, or any two of them, are also hereby authorised and required xo appoint dated meetings, giving two days 

notice 

three persons, to fopenn tend the laid boutes. 

their proceedings. 

f779*} Anno decimo noqo georou llh C 74. 425 

potice hereof, and from time to time to adjourn the same, aijd at such dated and adjourned meetings, and not otherwise, nor in any less number, to carry this aft into execution; and at every such meeting the chairman of such committee shall not only have a single voice or vote, but, in cafe of equality' of pumbers, a decisive or casting vote. 

XVI And be it further enacted, That when the said peni Committee to tentiary houses shall be erected, and fo fitted upas to be ready oftcers, or nearly ready for the reception of the offenders herein afrer afid provide directed to be sent thereto, the committee shall elect such officers ^p*oying°r us are herein after direftpd, and (hall make provision for dock offenders and materials for the use and employment of the offenders to be confined ip the said penitentiary houses; and alio (hall make and to make orders for the regulation of the laid houses, and of such offend orders of re <rs, in such cafes as are not by this aft particularly provided gulation, for; which orders of regulation, being approved of by the said 

judices of the peace, at their quarter or other general sessions, thcjuftices/ and confirmed and allowed by the justices of assize at their then C before next subsequent assizes, or, if in miadle[ex% by the judices oft!, ey.ire car the court of King's Bentby (hall be carried into execution; and the said committee shall, in like manner, from time to time, as often as they shall think ne^eflary, make any other orders of regulation, as well for repeal of such orders before made, as by yiay of addition thereto, which? before they are carried into execution, shall also be approved of, confirmed, and allowed by the judices aforesaid - » - 

And be it further enacted. That for the regulation Enumeration and management of each of such penitentiary houses, and pre officers to vioufly to the opening thereof for the reception of offenders, 

there (hall be elected and appointed by the said committee, a mittee 1°**" governor, a chaplain, a surgeon or apothecary, a dorekeeper, * and a task matter; and also, in the house fet apart for female convicts, a matron; and in each of them, such other officers as the said committee, with such approbation, confirmation, and allowance, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary;; such officers (hall from time to time be removable by any order of the said committee; and when any vacancy (hali happen, new officers (hall be elected by the same authority; and such salaries and who shall at other allowances shall be made to the (aid officers, with such ap ]0w them probation, confirmation and allowance, as aforesaid, and also lanes, such of them from whom the said committee may deem it proper to require security for the due and faithful execution of their offices, shall give such security accordingly, as the said committee from time to time shall direst. 

XVIII Provided always, That the salaries of the respective Salaries of governors and task matters shall totally, if possible, or at least governors and in great measure, arise from the profits of the work that shall be 

done and performed in each feverai penitentiary house; and the much as said committee is hereby required, with such approbation, on possible from firmation, and allowance, as aforesaid, foto order and appoint the profits of such salaries, that the same may bear a constant proportion to 

Committee may, with fucn approbation as aforesaid, vary the number of officers. 

The governor of each house to be a body corporate, and accountable for the conduct of his fcmmts. 

Governor im powered to contra for clothing, diet, C necessary for the offenders, with the approbation ot the committee. 

Accounts relating to the maintenance of each house, C to be entered in a book. 

Doty of the ttore keeper and talk matter. 

Anno dedmo tiono Georgii HI. C 74. 

the quantity of labour performed in each several house, and that it may become the interest, as well as duty, of each governor and task sharer to see that all persons under his and their custody and diredhon be regularly and profitably employed. 

XIX Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the said committee, from time to time, with such approbation, confirmation, and allowance as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, difeontinue, or vary, the number of officers to be appointed for any such house in pursuance of the directions aforesaid, except by taking away or difeontirtuifag any of the offices of governor, matron, chaplain, and forgeon or apothecary to the same. 

XX And be it further enacted, That the governor of every such penitentiary house (hall be a body corporate, and (hall sue and be sued, by the name of the governor of the penitentiary beafe fvr inales (or Jot females, as the cafe (hall require,) in the parish i or place wherein it shall happen to be situated: : (hall from time to time employ such servants, overseers, and assistants, as he (hall think proper and necessary, and for whose conduct he (hall be answerable; provided that the said governor do employ no other but males, in the houses fet apart for male convidb, and females, where the work can be performed by females, in such as (hall be fet apart for female convidts, 

XXI And be it further enacted, That the said governor (hall also have power to make contradls with any persons whomsoever, for the clothing, diet, and all other necessaries for the maintenance and support of the offenders confined in such house, for implements or materials of any kind of manufacture, trade, or mvflery, in which offenders confined in such house (hall be employed, such contradls being previously approved by the committee, and also to carry on such manufacture and myfiery m such house, and to sell (uch goods, wares, and merchandise, as (hall be there wrought and manufactured; and the governor of every such penitentiary house (hall cause all accounts touching the maintenance of such house, and the offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; and also the governor and storekeeper (hall each keep separate accounts of all such Rock and materials as (hall be brought into such house for employing such offenders; and such flock and materials (hall from time to time be delivered out by the said Rorckeeper, as occasion (hall require, to the task master, who (hall give receipts to such Rorekeeper for the same, and (hall distribute the same arnongr the several offenders to be employed in working thereon; and such task sharer, or his assistants, (hall conrantly superintend the work of the said offenders, and take an account of every neglecr of work, or other mi(bc haviour, and likewise of any extraordinary diligence or good behaviour in any of such offenders, and from time to time (hall report the same to the governor, who shall cause the same to be entered ina book to be kept for that purpose 5 and such task sharer (hall also l^eep accounts of the quantities daily worked 

1779*1 Anno decimo nona Georgii IIL c.74. 4*7 

by the several offenders, and (hall return the materials, when 'wrought and manufactured, to the ftorek&eper; who (hall give receipts to the (askmafter for the faipe, and (hall from time to time, with the privity and approbation of the governor, fell and dispose thereof, and pay the money arillng from such sales to the governor, who (hall be accountable for the same to the committee, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said governor and storekeeper (hall keep separate accounts of the materials To wrought, manufactured, sold, and disposed of, and the. several sums of money for which the same (hall be fo sold, and when sold, and to whom, in books to be provided for those purposes. 

XXII And be it further enafled, That the said several books The books to foto be kept by the said governor and storekeeper, and the fe be kept by the veral entries therein, (hall be examined by the said com governor and mittee, and (hall be by them compared with the several receipts ^fbe^wca 'and other vouchers, and (hall be verified by such governor and mined by the storekeeper, upon oath, if required, before such committee, and committee shall,, approved of by such committee, be allowed, and signed by any two of them, and if such committee (hall disapprove of any articles in such accounts, they (hall disallow the same. 

A XIII And be it further enabled. That if the said committee who.onfaf (hall fufpea any fraudulent or improper charges in any of such ac counts of the said governor or storekeeper, or any omission there chw^&c. out, they may, examine upon oath the said governor, storekeeper, may einimioe or any of the bfficers or servants belonging to such house, or any of upon oath the persons employed about the same, or any persons of whom any any P rieceflaries, stock, materials, or other things, have been purchased Jh” for the use of such house, or any persons to whom any stock or materials, * wrought or manufactured therein, have been sold, or any of the Offenders confined in such penitentiary house, or any other persons, touching any pf the articles contained in such accounts, or any omission thereout; and in cafe there (hall appear any aud in any such accounts any false entry, knowingly or wilfully made, 

‘or any fraudulent omission thereout, or any other fraud whatfo the committee ever, or any collusion between any officer or officers, or fer may dimifa vants, belonging to such house, or between any such officer or the offender, officers servant or servants, and any other person or persons, then, besides the private fatisfatftion in damages which the parties or party injured may be entitled to recover by law, the said committee may dismiss any such officer or officers, who (hall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false entry, omission, fraud, or collusion, and appoint another, or others, in his, her, or their stead;; if the said committee (hall see sir, and may pre "they (hall cause an indictment or indictments to be preferred fer an irniidt against the officer or officers, servant or servants, fo offending, at the next quarter or other general session of the peace to be next quarter held for the county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, feifioiu. or place, wherein such penitentiary house (hall be situated, or for any other'adjoining county; and in cafe such person or persons fo ihdifled (hall be found guilty of such offence or often 

‘ V ces, 

o ' 

428 Anno decimo bono georgii Itl. C 74. tl77^ 

ccs, he, (he, or they (hall be punished by fine and impriibcuncat, or either of them, at the discretion of tne court. 

Committee to XXIV And be it further enacted. That when the pemteo certify to the tiary hdufes herein befgre directed to be built, (hall be feted kuig’sbench an complct€d for the reception of offenders, and proper officers when the pc (hall be appointed for the care and management thereof, the imcntiary said committee (hall certify, under their hands and seals, to the houses are justices of the court of King's Bencby that such houfesare (b fitted caption of of an completed, and that such officers have been appointed; and fenders i after the making of such certificate, where any person (hah, at after which, a any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to be hom limited numen for the county of the city of London, or the county of ard' berofoerfons diefex, or during the assizes for any other county within that an” feffiem of Part Great Britain called England, or at any great session to be oyer and ter held for the county paiatine of Chester, or within the prind jniner, C in pality of Wales, be lawfully convitf ed of grand or petty lai'ceny, England or or any other crime for which he or (he (hall be liable by law, Wales, of any either under this statute or any other statute now in force, or able by trans hereafter to be made, to be transported to any parts beyond the port at ion, seas, it (hall be lawful for the court before which any foch per mavbefentto fon (hall be fo convicted, or any court held for the same place Chhfinrd hke authority, if such court (hall think fit, in the place of 

m uenhoues. puni(hnient by transportation, to order and adjudge that 

Th rr a pcr^on he punished, by being imprisoned and kept to 

terms of conc arc ^h°l, r m one f such penitentiary houses, for any term not finement. * exceeding two years, in cafe of petty larceny; and for any term, if such offender be a male, not less than one year, or if such offender be a female, not less than six months, nor exceeding, in either cafe, five years, if he or (he is liable by law, on account of any other crime, to be transported for seven years; and for any term not less than two years, nor exceeding seven years, in cale any such offender is liable by law to be transported for fourteen years. 

Limitation of XXV Provided always, That during the continuance of this the number of at, not more than two offenders (hall be sent to such peniten ©ffenders to tiary houses, from all the great sessions to be held within any each of the one our circujts of Chejlcr or Wales either in fining or 

Welch cir summer; nor (hall more than four offenders be sent from any 

cults, and one session of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held 

from each for the city of London, nor more than nine offenders from any 

circuit re 0I7e ln yer anc terminer, and gaol delivery, to be 

fpcttivdy." held for the county of Middlesex;; that not more offenders 

than is herein after specified (hall be sent from all the sessions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held within each of the several spring circuits, and not more than the like number from all the said sessions within each of the summer circuits of England; that is to say, from all the said sessions within each of the two annual northern circuits, eight; within each of the two annual midland circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Norfolk circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Oxford circuits, twelve; within each of the two annual western circuits. 

Anno decimo none Georgia III C 74. 419 

cuits,, twelvei and within ach of the two annual home circuits, sixteen offenders. 

, XXVI Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the tfnth certifi njean time, and until such certificate, (hall be made as aforesaid, cat (hall be it (hjdl be lawful for the court in which any such offenders as ^a^hvcourt aforefeid (hall be convidecj, or any other court held for the same in which such place, and with like authority, to order and adjudge such offen offenders (halt ders, not exceeding the numbers herein before respectively LI be convia<d, spited, to be impriioned and kept to hard labour, for the several above 

terms aforesaid, in the respective houses of corredion, or other specified to proper places, within each respective county; which houses of hard labour corredion, or other proper places, (hall, during such time, be 10 the h°vfe deemed and esteemed to be penitentiary houses, to all intents and purposes, within the meaning of this ad, except only with county; regard to the appointment of ofheers and servants, and other interior regulations of such houses, directed by this ad; and when such certificate (hall be made as aforesaid, the offenders all of whom then impriioned in such houses of corredion, or other places, b.c.. trans by virtue of this ad, (hall be transferred tq such new erected l^tentiary* penitentiary houses, for the residue of the several terms during houses as soon which they were ordered and adjudged to be imprisoned; and as they are thejuftice^pf the peace for every county, at their several quar r^hciy fr ter (efliojjs to be held next after the feast of Saint Thomas the rec*p‘ # &jjityr% 11} the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and" seventy nine, or at any adjournment of the same sessions, are hereby required to give directions for the temporary rccep » tion, yi*afe custody, employment, and due regulation of such offenders, the expenses of which, being previously examined and allowed by the justices at their quarter fefiions, (hall be paid by the ireafurer of each respective county, who (hall be allowed the same In his accounts. 

xxvll. Andy for the more severe and effectual punishment of Any male atrocious and daring offenders, be it further enacted, Thar, from convicted, in and after the first day of July, one thousand feyen hundred and England or seventy nine, where any male person, at any fefiion of oyer and ^^'(cxccpt terminer, or gaol delivery, to be held for the county of the pelty hree city.pf Londony or for any other county within that part of Great ny)puni(h briiain called England, or for the royal franchise of Elyy or at any aby trans great fefiion to be held for the county palatine of Chejler, or within the. principality of Waiesy (hall be lawfully convicted of competent grand larceny, or any other crime, except petty larceny for which age and bo he (hall be liable by law to be transported to any parrs beyond dilv ttrength, the seas, it (hall and may be lawful for the court before whom hares labour any such person (lull be fo convicted, or any court held for jn cie»nfing the same place with like authority if such court (hall think fit, the Thame*, in the place of such ^uuilhment by transportation, to order and c fr any adjudge that such person, appearing to be of competent age, and an one year free from any bodily infirmity, (hall he punished by being kept no^more than pn board (hips or vessels properly accommodated for the fecu seven years, rity, employment, and health of the persons to be confined i therein. 

43p 

Tn cafe hi Majeftylhotild extend hi mercy to any person convicted of any felony pu niftiable by death, the judge (hall order the offender to be kept to hard labour in a penitentiary bouse, or on the Thames, C for the time ipecified by the secretary of date. 

Anno decimo nolo geoucii HI. C 74- [1779. 

'therein, and by being employed m hard labour id the railing fand, soil, and gravel from, and derating, the river Thames, or any other river navigable for (hips of burden, or any pon, harbour, or haven, within that part of Great Britain called England, such river, pon, harbour, or haven, being previously approved and appointed for that purpose by order of his Majeftt in his privy council, or in any other fenrice for the benefit of the navigation of the (aid rivers, pons, harbours, or havens, or in any other public works upon the banks or Qiores of the same, under the management and dtre&ion of such Riperintenant or fuperintendants as hath been or (hall be appointed, for the river Thames, by the justices of the peaoe for the county of Middlesex and for other rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, by the juftioe9 of the peace for the counties wherein such rivers, ports, harbours, or liavens, are situated, or of such of the counties next adjoining to the same, respectively, as his Majesty in council fhalldifos, at their quarter or other general session of the peace, for such term, not Ids than one year, nor exceeding five years, or in cafe such offender (hail be liable to be tranfpurt CD for fourteen years, not exceeding seven years, as such court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, (hall think fit to order and adjudge. 

XXVIII And be it further enafled. That where any person, (hall at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or grot fieflion, within England or Wales be lawfully convicted of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or (he (hall by law, either under this statute, or under any other statute now in force, or hereafter to be made, be liable to suffer death, without benefit of clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleated to extend the royal mercy to any such offender upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any specified term, in anv penitentiary house to be erected in pursuance of this at, or, (uch offenders being males, upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any specified term, in the custody of such furperinten dant or fuperintendants as aforesaid, for the benefit of the said navigations; and such intention of mercy (hall be notified, in writing, by one of his majesty’s principal secretaries of date, to the court in which such offender (hall be convicted, or to any court held for the same place with the like authority; or, it no such court (hall be sitting, then to any justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or justice of great fetfions, by or before whom such offender (hall have been convicted or condemned; such court or justice may and (hall, immediately on receiving such notification, allow to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a conditional pardon under the gteat sea); and may and (hall order, that every such offender (hall be kept to hard labour in such penitentiary house as aforesaid, or in the custody of such fuperimen dant or fuperintendants as aforesaid, for the time specified in the notification from such secretary of state. 

XXIX And 

ooqle 

1779*1 Anno decimo norlo Georgii III C 74. 431 

XXIX And be it further enacted, That when any offender sny shall be ordered and adjudged to be kept to hard labour in any ordered^o of the manners aforesaid, the clerk of assize, or other clerk of bard labour, the court in which such offender shall be convicted, shall give to the clerk of the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a cer 

rificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the ^rtifcate^o christian name, surname and age, of such offender; of his or the sheriff or her offence, of the court before which he or she was convicted, gaoler, and of the term for which he or she fha'i be fo ordered to hard labour; and the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, shall, with all convenient speed, after the making of such order, and the receiving such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to such house or place to which such order shall direct him or her to be conveyed; and (hall deliver such offender, or cause him or her to be who foal! de delivered, together with such certificate, to such governor or iivej°f* superintendant as aforesaid, or to such person or persons as such certificate to governor or superintendant (hall appoint; and such governor or the governor superintendant, or other person or persons to whom such offen or fuperinten der (hall be fo delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing, dant, C wbo wider his or their hand or hands, to the sheriff or gaoler fo de ^jptfo^the livering such offender, which shall be his sufficient discharge; tame, and such governor or superintendant shall transmit such certificate to the clert of the peace of the county or place wherein such penitentiary house, or other place of confinement, (hall be situated, to be filed with the records of the sessions. 

XXX And be it further enacted, That the clerk of assize, or Feesto he other clerk of the court, shall have the same see, gratuity, or fa cicrk"ofaf tisfadfion, on granting such certificate, and the sheriff or gaoler zet C and shall have the same see on delivering out of his custody any such to the sheriff offender foto be ordered to any such penitentiary house, or other or g*°lcr* place of hard labour, as hath usually been paid, and would have ^^theeic been due to them refpedfively, if such offender had been fenten pences of con ced to transportation, except in the cafe of petty larceny, where veying offen in they shall have only such fees as have usually and of right ders to their been paid upon conviction for the said offence, and judgement 

to be whipped for the same; and such fees, gratuities, and pa the fatisfadiion, and also all expenses to be incurred bv any county trea sheriff or gaoler in the conveyance of any such offender fur * to the house or place to be appointed for his or her confinement, such expenses being previously examined and allowed by the juftiees of the peace at their quarter or other general session, shall be paid by the treasurer of the county or place for which the court in which such offender shall be convicted shall have been held, to such clerk of assize, or other clerk of the court, and to such sheriff or gaoler respectively, and every such treasurer shall be allowed every such payment in his accounts. 

XXXI And be it further enacted. That after delivery of Governor or any such offender as aforesaid into the custody to which he or fapwinten* she shall be prdered or adjudged, such governor or fuperinten t(^ave the 

Vojl. XXXII F f dant, same power 

over 

Anno decimo nano Georgii III C 74. [177^, 

dant, or other person having the custody of offenders under hs direction, (hall during the term for which such offender (hall be ordered to hard labour, have the same powers over such offewfa as are incident to the office of a (heriff or gaoler; and in cafe oi any abuse of such custody, or other mifbehaviaur or negligence in the difeharee of his office, (hall be liable to the. same puaiih tnent as a gaoler is now liable to by law. 

X5CXII. And be it further enacted, That every Cucb governor of each of such penitentiary houses (hall, during the term preferibed for the imprisonment and hard labour of such offender, keep him or her, sofar as may be confident with his or her sex, age, health, and ability, to labour of the hardest and ipoft servile kind, in which drudgery is chiefly required, and where the work is little liable to be spoiled by ignorance neglect, or obstinacy, and where the materials or tools are not easily ffoka or embezzled, such as treading in a wheel, or drawing in a cap stern, for turning a mill or other machine or engine, fawieg done, polishing marble, beating hemp, rasping logwood, chopping rags,, making cordage, or any other hard and laborious fa vice j and those of less health and ability, regard being also had left ability are to age and sex, in picking oakum, weaving sacks, fpinaiog to be employ yarn, knitting nets, pr any other less laborious enaployment: boiious work an ^ Work to be performed by any such offenders (hall be 1 'of such a nature as may require previous instruction, proper 

persons (hall be provided to give the feme, by order of the hd committee, to whom a fu it able allowance (hall be made. 

XXXIII And be it further emufted, That such offenders as (hall be sent to either of such penitentiary houses (hall, during their hours of rest, be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be lodged in separate rooms or cells, not exceeding twelve feet in length, eight feet in breadth, and eleven 

43? 

offenders n his custody as a Qieriff or gaoler. 

All offenders in the penitentiary houses, who are able, are to be kept to labour of the hardest and moult servile kind; 

and those of 

Offenders during the hours of rest, to be lodged in final! rooms, epa 

rate from each feet in height, nor less than ten feet in length, (even feet in other breadth and nine feet in height, and without any window within six feet of the relpe&ive floors; which rooms or cells (hall be dried and moderately warmed, in damp or cold weather, by flues, from the fires in the kitchens, and other pubtick fees belonging to each house; and the (aid offenders (hall also, during their hours of labour, in cafe the nature of their several employments will permit, be in like manner kept separate and apart from each other; and, where the nature of the employment may require two persons to work together, the room in which such two persons (hall work (hall he of fuitabledim employments will ons. ancj if the nature of the work wherein any such offenders * “ow shall be employed (hall require the labour of many persons 

at one time, a common work room, or (lied (hall be allotted to them for that purpose; but during the time the offenders are employed in such common work room or (head, the governor of the said house, or the tak master, or one or more of thejr servants or assistants, (hall be constantly present, to attend to the behaviour of such offenders; and such two or more persons (ball i not 

and during the hours of labour also to be kept separate as much as the nature of their cm 

433 

1779j Anno decimb nono geordu III C 74." 

not be (offered to continue together, except during the hours of labour, and divine service, and the times refpe&ivdy allotted for their meals and airing. 

XXXIV And be it further enabled That such offenders The hours of shall be employed in work, at the penitentiary houses, every ^ent parts" day in the year, except Sundry, cbfi/itnas d<fy, and Good Friday, 0f the year. 

. and also except such days when iff health Will not allow of their working; and the hours of work in each day (hall be as many as the season of the year, with an interval of half hour for trreakfaft, and an hour for dinner, will permit, but not exceeding eight hours in the months of November, December, and January, nine hours in the months of February and o6iober, and ten hours in the rest of the year; and When such hours of Work are passed, the working tools, implements, and materials, or such of them as will admit of daily removal, shall be removed to places proper for their safe custody, and there be kept till the hour of labour shall return. 

XXXV And be it further enafled, That every offender who How the of firall be ordered to either of such penitentiary houses flvsfll, during 

the time of his or her confinement therein, - be fed and fufhiinecf With bread, and any coarse mefat, or other inferior food, and water, or small beer; and also be clothed with a coarse and uniform apparel, with certain obvious marks or badges affixed tfo the same, as Well to humiliate the wearers a to facilitate dttcbver'y in cafe of escapes; the whole to be Ordered in such maimer as the committee aforesaid shall from time to time appoint for those purpose'; and ho Parch Offender shall, during the time of his of her confinement, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as shall be fo appointed; and if Penalty on any person or persons shall wilfully fapply any such offender, af Applying any time during the term of his or her conffoemenf, With ahy food, drink, or clothing, other than such as shall befo alppoint clothing. ° CD of with any money, he or Are fo fupplyiwg such offender (hall, for every such offence, forfeit a fam not exceeding lea pounds, nor less than forty (billings. 

XXXVI And be it further enacted, That no offifcet r fer If any officer 

vant of either of such penitentiary houses (hall fopply any of thfe e^hei^^'the offender therein with ahy money, dothing, provisions, or diet, ^nitentiary or with any spirituous or other liquors Whatsoever, except fu6h bouses shall money, clothing, provisions, or diet, or such water and small supply any of beer, as the governor of the house shall from twite fo time permit sent, cr wllh or diredf, and except such diet and liquors as the surgeon ™nons*&ct* 

apothecary attending such house shall think proper to order for contrary to any such offenders, in cafe of illriefs; and in cafe any fach of this aft, he freer or servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such offender, 

or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such of governorj^nd fender any money, clothing, provisions, or diet, or liquors reportedtothc whatsoever, contrary td the intent of this a£v, such officer or fer committee; vanr (hall immediately be fufpertded* by the laid governor; Who shall report the same to the committee at their next meeting and such committee shall inquire thereof upon oath, and shall' 

F f 2 punish 

434 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 74. [1775 

who may pu punish such officer or servant by forfeiture of office, by any fine fine and im not exceeding ten pounds, and by imprisonment for any term prifo^ment.* not exceeding six months, or by any one or more of such punishments, as the said committee (hall, in their diferetion, think proper. 

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That when any offen when brought er w all ordered 10 hard labour in either of such houses to the peni as aforesaid, shall be brought thither in pursuance of the powers [ tentiary contained in this a, he or (he (hall be separately lodged, and houses, to be washed, cleansed and purified, and (hall then be examined by lodged*and ftirgeon or apothecary, and (hall continue in such separate 

warned, and lodging until ft be certified by such surgeon or apothecary that examined by he or (he is fit to be received among the other convidts, and the the iuigeonj clothes in which he or (he (hall then be clothed (hall be burnt, if necessary, or otherwise (hall be sold and disposed of, at the diferetion of the governor, and the produce thereof shall be accounted for to the committee aforesaid; and such offender (hall not be dismissed at the end or other determination of his term, un * lefsat his own request, if he (hall then labour under any acute or dangerous distemper, nor until he can be safely di(charged; and when dif and when such offender (hall be finally discharged, such other fum^edwidb ^eccnt clothing as (hall be judged necessary and proper by the decent cloth committee aforesaid, (hall be delivered to such offender, and also ing and mo such sum of money, for his or her immediate subsistence, as the said committee (hall think proper, fo as such sum (hail nor exceed three pounds, nor be lefsthan twenty (billings, in cafe such offender (hall have been confined in such penitentiary house for the space of one year, and foin proportion for any (horter term and after hav confinement; and if such offender, at the end or other deter ing continued mination of his or her term, (hall procure any reputable matter in a reputable of a (hip, or tradesman, or other substantial housekeeper, to service for one take him or her into service, or provide him or her with proper lmitlecuo^ employment for one year then next ensuing, the same to be ap f urther sum proved by the committee aforesaid, he or me, having served ac oi money. cordingly, (hall be entitled at the end of the year to anbther sum of money, equal to that which was allowed to him or her at the time of his or her dismission. 

The offenders XXXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That to be divided the several offenders to be sent to each of such penitentiary into ttnee houses (hall be divided into three classes, which (hall be called Tbt CL a (Tes, and the First, Second, and Third Clafi; for which purpose the time for confiiieinent^ such offenders (hall severally be committed (hall be dito 

be divided vided into three equal parts; and during the first part of the Into three time of the imprisonment of every such offender, he or (he (hall equal parts, be ranked in the first class, and during the second part of such time, he or (he (hall be ranked in the second class, and during the third and last part of such time, he or (he (hall be ranked in the third class; and the confinement and labour of such offenders as (hall from time to time be ranked in the first class, (hall be the mod strict and severe, and the confinement and labour of the offenders ranked in the second class, (hall be more moderate. 

425 

1779*1 Anno decimo ilono Georgii III C 74; rate, and the confinement and labour of those ranked in the third class, (hall be still more relaxed; which several degrees of confinement and labour, foto be affixed to each class, (hall from time to time be fettled by the said committee, by orders of regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid, but fo as not to defeat or elude the special provisions made and appointed by this a 

XXXIX Provided also. That it (hall and may be lawful to Govemormay, and for the governor of each such houses to employ, at his dif employ often' ' any of the offenders aforesaid, who (hall be ranked in dher!, in, tjle the said third class, as servants, overseers, or assistants, in management of the works, and care of their fellow prisoners, instead of being confined to such their daily labour as aforesaid 

XL And be it further enacted. That each of the lodging howthetod? rooms which (hall be appointed in the said penitentiary houses, roomsjhall 

for the offenders fo confined therein, (hall be provided with an Dc ^ iron bedstead, with matting for lying upon, one or more hempen ftieets, a coverlet, and two or more coarse blankets; and no person, except the officers and servants of the house, and such person or persons as (hall he authorised by order of any two of the committee aforesaid, (hall be permitted to go at any time into such lodging rooms, or to see or converse with the offenders; and every night of the year the doors of all such lodg The doors to ing rooms (hall be locked, and all lights therein extinguished, beiocked, and after the hour of nine; and a watchman (hall patrol each of lights extin such penitentiary houses at lead twice in every hour during the n^huit nhie^ night, and until return of the time of labour in the morning of, fi a m the next day. 

XLI Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for Jurtices for any justice or jurtices of the peace, acting for the county or place lht* c.0'int?l wherein such penitentiary houses, or places of confinement, to {heveniteiiti be provided in pursuance of this al, (hall be situated, at all sea ary houses, C fonable times, to visit and infpedl every part of such penitentiary at allfeafon houses, or places of confinement, in order to make report to the able dmes. quarter sessions, or give notice; to the infpe<51or, hereinafter mentioned, of any abufc or mismanagement which he or they may observe therein. 

XLII And be it further enacted, That the chaplain (hall read chaplain to morning and evening prayers, in the chapel of each of fuel read morning penitentiary houses, and preach a sermon both morning and and evening afternoon, on every Sunday in the year, and also on every p^^tvvo chrijlmas day and Goid friday; and all the offenders confined Jirmons, every in such house, who (hall not be disabled by illness, (hall attend Sunday, C the said prayers and fermons, which (hall also be attended by the resident officers, and by the servants of such house, or such of them as can be spared from their several employments, and (hall not be prevented by illness; and the said chaplain (hall visit, with the leave of the governor, any of the offenders, either the go” * tick or in health, that may desire or (land in need of his spiritual vernor’s leave advice and assistance, provided that such visitation, to such of 

F f 3 the 

436 

Large yard, properly secured. to be adjoining to the penitentiary houres, for the off«rn 

lews. 

Offenders, when lick, to be visited by the surgeon, and, if necessary, to be lent to the infirmary. 

Apno decimd nono geo&gii III C 74. [1779 

the offenders as (hall be in health, (hall not interfere with their dated hours of labour. 

XUII. And be it further en^aed, That there shall be, adjoining to each of such penitentiary houses, one or more large and airy yards or places, enclosed and properly secured, in which, and on the top of such house, if the building will admit such a convenience, the offenders ordered to be confined in such house (hall be permitted to walk and air themselves, for 

and ah^hem" ^atec* meas lleam may require, and the governors an air cm ^aj| rejpecc^ive]y permit; and if proper employment can be 

found, such offenders may also be permitted to work in such yards, indead of their lodging rqoms or work rooms; but such airing or working in fiich yards (hall never be permitted unless in the presence pr within the view of the governor or task matter, or some of their servants or assistants. 

XLIV And be it further epaaed, That in cafe any such offender (hall appear to be sick, he or (he (hall be vifired by the surgeon pr apothecary attending such house, and if the sickness be found to be real, the said surgeon or apothecary (hall report the same to the governor; who (hall, if the sickness he of iuch a nature as to require it, order such offender to be sent to the infirmary belonging to such house, and to be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose as sick; and when such offender (bail have sofar recovered his or her health, as that the said surgeon or apothecary (hall judge him or her in a proper condition to quit the infirmary, and to return to his or her employment, and the said apothecary (hall fo report, the said governor (had order such offender to be brought back to his or her lodging room, and to be again employed in labour, sofar as (hall be consistent with the health of such offender. 

XLV And be it further enaaed, That the said committee, attend attach or any lwo them, (hall attend at each of the (aid penitentiary penitentiary houses once at lead in every fortnight; and op every (uch aitcn house every dance (hall examine the ftateof such house, and (hall see every offender confined there, and not disabled by sickness; and (hall in fpea the accounts of the governor and ftorekeepers, and also ex offeiiders"and amine the condua and management of such house and the be infpea the haviour of the officers thereof, nd of the offenders cqnfiped 

accounts of herein;; the said committee are hereby authorised and im 

andpowere^ 10 confer rewards and encouragements on fuefe of the keepers, See. laid offenders as (hall appear the most diligent and meritorious, by giving them a small part of the profits of their d^ily Of weekly earnings, to be properly applied for the use apd benefit of themselves or families, or by permitting them to work, during the intervals of their dated labour, for the like use and benefit. 

XLV I. And be it further epaaed, That the governor of each of such penitentiary bouses (hall have power to hear all complaints of cer plaints touching any of the following offences that is to fey, 

tain offences, disobedience of any of the orders of the house $ by one person confined in such house upon another when no dangerous 

wound 

Two of the 

: every fortnight, when they fbatl see the 

Governor itn powered to hear com 

ind to punish the offenders. 

. 437 

1779.] Anno dcdiiio nono Georgii III C 74. 

Wound or bruise is given; profanfe curling and (Wearing, ot indecent behaviour; abfencfc from chape!, or irreverent behaviour there; and idleness or negligence in work, or wilful mismanagement of it; all which are declared to be offences by this at; and the said governor may examine ahy perforis touching such offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such offences, either by moderate whipping, or by ordering the offenders to close confinement in the dungeons of such hoiife, and by keeping them upon bread and water only, for any term not exceeding three days. 

XLVII And be it turther enacted, That if anv offender who Enormous of (hall be committed to any stich penitentiary house (hall, during tenders to be the term for which he (hall be fo committed, be guilty of any the governor offence which the governor of such house is not hereby autho and reported rifed to punish, or for which the punishment which such gover to the com nor is hereby authorised to inflict (hall by such governor be m, ltce at their deemed not fuffident, by reason of the enormity of the offence, bcxt mce: ids« or the repetition thereof, such governor may, and he is hereby required to confine such offender, either in his or her own lodging room, or in one of the dungeons belonging to such house, till the next meeting of the said committee, and shall then report such offence, with the nature and particular circumftarices thereof, and the name of the offender, to the said committee; and such committee shall have power to inquire of, upon oath, ccfmm»etee to and determine concerning all such offences fo reported to them such 

as afore laid, and shall order such offenders to be punished, offences, and either by moderate whipping, or repeated whippings, by close to puniifh the confinement in one of the dungeons, with bread ana water only offenders, for sustenance, for any term not exceeding one month, or by removing such offenders, if ranked in the second or third class, into any prior class, or by any or all of such punishments; and in cafe of removal into any prior class, the offender shall, from the time of making such order of removal, go through such prior class, and also the subsequent class or daffes, in the same manner as under his or her original commitment, and for such additional time as such committee shall think proper to order, fo as the whole time of confinement to be computed from such order of removal into such prior class, to the final discharge of the offender, shall not exceed the original term for which he or (he was committed. 

xlvill. And be it further enafled, That whenever by this Any one of adfc the said committee, or any two of them, are empowered or the committee directed to make any inquiry, or receive any proof upon oath, any one of the said committee is hereby authorised to tender and C 9 

administer such oath; and any two of the said committee may summon, or cause to be summoned, such witnesses as they shall think meet, to appearand give evidence before them; and if Penalty on ahy person, being duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to persons sum appear, or being present, and competent t6 be a witness, shall to 

refuse to be fworri, or being sworn, (ball refuse to give evidence, appc^ 

F f 4 such 1 

r 

438 

Committee to report to the 

extraordinary diligence or merit; who may (horten their time of con 

maje convicts, after they are delivered to the fuperin tendants, (hall 

Anno derimo nono Georgii III c.74.' [>779- 

such person (hall forfeit any sum not less than twenty (billings, or more than ten pounds, at the discretion of the laid committee. 

XLIX And be it further enacted, That if the said committee shall at any time observe, or be fatisfa<5forily informed, ilex^affize* all any extraordinary diligence or merit in any of the offender offender who under their inspection, they (hall report the same to the justices (hall manifest of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, or great feilion at they next or any subsequent session to be held for the county in which such offender was convicted; and such justices, if the offender (hall be committed for a certain term of months or years, dm and may, if they (hall think proper, (horten the confinement a such offender, on condition that such offender, being a male, lhac finemciu, See. engage himself to Verve in the sea or land forces, or without arr condition, as to them in their discretion (hall seem meet; and i the offender (hall be committed for life, in pursuance of a conditional prdon, such justices (hall, if they think proper, repot him or her to his majesty as an objefl of royal mercy. 

L And be it further enacted, That after the delivery of an such male offender into the custody of any such fuperintendar: or fuperintendants as aforesaid, he (hall be confined in (oik secure place or vessel, to be provided for the foie purpose of re be waihcd.and ceiving such offenders on their first arrival, and (hall be wald thieir clothes and cleaned, and his clothes (hall be burnt, if it is deemed changed, See. neceitai y, and others provided for him; and he (hall remsia there for the space of four days at the least, unless, during that time, he (hall be found to be infected with any putrid or contagious fever, or other disease; in which cafe he (hall be immediately sent to the hospital or infirmary, till such time as tie surgeon or apothecary attending the same (hall think it safe to remove him on board one of the veffds appointed for the confinement of offenders in general, and to lodge him among the healthy convicts. 

LI And be it further enacted, That there (hall be provided for the reception of such offenders, in the custody of every superintendant, as (hall happen to be Tick, or to be disabled by any wound or accident, a secure place or vessel, to serve as an hospital or infirmary, with such proper assistants as liiay be necessary for their speedy recovery, but the whole to be under the charge and control of such superintendant aforesaid, who (hall be liable to answer for the escape of. any offender to likewifealarge removed to such hospital or infirmary; and there (hall also be garden lor provided, by the said superintendant, a large piece of ground, btes^r thefa” (*ccurety ^encec^ an enclosed, for a garden and airing ground, in uf^offtie of (hall be raised proper vegetables for the use of the offenders. 

fenders under the custody of every such superintendant $ V (hall be at liberty to employ such of the invalid offenders, recommended 

for that purpose by the surgeon or apothecary, as the said superintendant (hall think proper, and for whose escape he (hall be liable to anftver, in the culture and management of such garden. - 

LII And 

An hospital to be provided for the lick, seci 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 74/ 439 

LII And be it further enabled, That, fubjcdt to the excep Offender, in lions and provisions aforesaid, every such superintendant or fu custody of the perintendants (hall, during the terpn prescribed for the impri f^rinhend jonment and hard labour of every such offender, keep him to p” 0ycdin ndf^ hard labour, cither in raising fand, soil, and gravel, or in any {ng land, C other laborious service, for the benefit of the navigation of the for the benefit Thames, or of such other navigable rivers, ports, harbours, or of l.hc nv havens, as aforesaid, or in any other public works upon the Thames cf banks or shores of the same; but when the said laborious fer 9 

vice (hall be for the navigation of the Thames, then at such places only, and subject to such limitations and restrictions, as the matter, wardens, and attittants of the trinity house (hall,. from time to time, prescribe. 

LIII Provided nevertheless, that such offenders (hall in no but not in decafe be employed in delivering tonnage or ballad to matters and commanders of (hips, but only in digging, raising, and taking up the gravel, fand, and soil, from the (helves and fand banks of the said rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, and in discharge ing the same upon the shore, above the high water mark, except in such cafes where any embankment or sea wall (hall be di jredted to be made or repaired, or in some other laborious fer yice for the benefit of such navigations, or for completing such pther public works as aforesaid.. 

And be it further enacted, That every offender, who Offenders to * (hall be ordered to hard labour in the custody of such fuperin withf tendantor fuperintendants as aforefaic}, (hall, during the time of such service, be fed and sustained with bread, and any coarse water or fault meat, or other inferior food, and water or small beer, and also beer, clothed, at the diferetion and under the direction of such superintendant or fuperintendants; and such offender (hall not, during the term of such service, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as (hall be fo directed; and if Penalty on any person (hall supply any such offender, at any time during the term of his said service, with any drink, food, or clothing, wuh any other other than such as (hall be fo directed, or with any money, he food, cor (he fo supplying (hall, for every such offence, forfeit a futn not exceeding ten pounds, nor under forty (billings. 

LV And be it further cnadted, That if any offender, who Offender who (hall be fo delivered to such superintendant or fuperintendants to refufetowork, be kept to hard, (hall, during the term of such service, refuse Jo perform any labour authorised by this actor (hall be guilty themselves, of any other mi(bchaviour or disorderly conduct, it (hall be law may be whip Full for the superintendant or fuperintendants, having the custody ped, See. of any such offender, to order such whipping, or other moderate punishment, to be inflicted upon him, as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction for hard labour. 

LVI And be it further cnadted, That every offender, wiiq Every offend ftiall be delivered to such superintendant or fuperintendants to cr* the end see kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, (hall, at the end of men, stall je term of such service, and upon being restored to his liberty, receive a sum 

receive of money, not 

440 less than sof. nor more than 3l with decent clothing. 

Hi Majeffy, on the good behaviour of offender, may ihorten the term of their confinement. 

Offender, 

who shall continue in a reputable service for one year from the time of their difmifiion, to be entitled to a further sum of money. 

Offenders labouring under acute distempers not to be dismissed, unless they desire it. 

Directions relative to the burial of offenders who fiiatldieincuf tody of the fu penntendantf, 

Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 74. [ 1779. 

receive from the superintendant or fuperintendants, under whom he shall hive fo served, such sum of money, not being less than twenty (billings, nor more than three pounds, in cale hath been confined for one year, and foin proportion for any shorter term, together with such decent clothing as the court, into which such returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, (hall appoint: and if any such offender, whilst confined to hard labour in manner aforesaid, (hall, by his industry and other good behaviour, (hew such signs of reformation as (hall induce the laid court to recommend him as an object of his majesty’s mercy, and it (hall be thereupon (ignified, by a letter from one of his majesty’s principal secretaries of state, to the superintendant or fuperintendants as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in consideration of such good behaviour, to shorten the duration of such offender’s term, such offender (hall be accordingly fet at liberty at the time mentioned in such letter, and ihal), together with necessary clothing, receive a sum of money from his superintendant or fuperintendants, in proportion to the time of his confinement, according to the rates aforesaid;; any such offender fo dismissed at the end or other determination of his term, who (hall procure any reputable matter of a (hip, or tradesman, or other substantial housekeeper, to take him into service, or provide’him with proper employment, for one year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by such superintendant or fuperintendants, and who (hall serve accordingly, (hall be entitled, at the end of the year, to another sum of money, equal to that which was allowed him at the time of his difmifiion. 

LVII Provided always. That no offender (hall be dismissed out of the custody of the said superintendant or fuperintendants, at the end or other determination of his term, unless at his own reqocft, if he (hall then labour under any acute or dangerous distemper, nor until he can be safely discharged. 

lviii. And be it farther enacted, That in cafe any of the said offenders (hall happen to die in the custody of foch superintendant or fuperintendants as aforesaid, they (hall be buried in the mod commodious places adjacent to the Several rivers, ports, harbours, and havens, in or near which they (hall have been respectively employed, according to the form for burial ’ preferibed by the liturgy of the church of England; and the necessary charges of such funerals, and also of the coroners who (hall sit on the bodies of the offenders fo dying in such custody, together with the necessary expenses of providing such chaplains, surgeons, and apothecaries, as the said superintendant or fuperintendants (hall find it expedient, or (hall be required by the court into which such returns as are herein afrer mentioned (hall be made, from time to time, to employ in attending the offenders m his or their custody or cuftodies, (half be paid by such superintendant or fuperintendants, and brought to account in manner herein after mentioned, 

LIX Pro 

1779-1 Anno dedmo nono Georoii III C 74. 

LIX Provided always. That such chaplains foto be employed as aforesaid (hall read morning and evening prayer, and preach a sermon after each, in every such place of confinement, on every phriflmas day Good Friday and Sunday throughout the year. 

LX And be it further enabled. That every such superintendant (hall, in the custody, treatment, and employment of the offenders committed to his care, conform to and observe the several directions herein before given for regulating the copduci of the governors of the said penitentiary houses, sofar as the nature of the feryice in which the said offenders (hall be employed, and their different places and modes of confinement, will permit, and sofar as is confident with the other regulations and orders contained in this aft with respect to the said offenders. 

LXI And be it further enabled, That each of the governors and fuperintendants of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall keep a reguflar book or books, for the purposes herein after mentioned; and from thence, from time to time, shall make true and just returns, Specifying the names of all and every the person or persons who (nail be committed to their custody, the offences of which they hall have been guilty, the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence of the court, the age, bodily estate, and behaviour of every such convict while in custody, and also the names of all and every the person or persons who shall have died under such custody, or (hall have escaped from such place of confinement, or (hall have been discharged from thence by order from one of his majesty’s principal secretaries of state, or otherwise; which returns (hall be made, the first day of every term, to his majesty’s court of king’s bench, and (hall be verified on the oath of the person making the same. 

lxii. And be it further enacted, That a state of the accounts of each of the said penitentiary houses (hall be laid before the justices of the peace for the county in which the feme (hall be situated, four times in the year, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, and the said accounts (hau be then, or at any other adjourned (effions to be then appointed for that purpose, inspected, and carefully examined; apd if the said justices (hall observe any notorious waste to have happened, or any extravagant expenses to have been incurred, or any other gross mif managemecu, they (ball report the same to the justices of his majefly’s court of king’s bench, who (hall immediately take order therein, and check on rerhefs the same. 

LXIII And be k further enabled. That it (hail and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and able person to be ipfpe&or of the two penitentiary houses to be erebted by virtue of this a<51, and of the several (hips and vessels, to be employed on the river Thames, for the confinement of offenders as aforesaid, and of all other gaols and places of criminal confinement within the city of London and county of Middltfcx; which in foebtor (hall personally visit and infpebl every such place of con * 

441 

The chaplain's duty. 

superintend ant, in the treatment and employment of offenders, to observe the dir eft ion before given to • the governors of the penitentiary houses. Sec. 

Governors 

and superintendant to keep regular books from which returns are to be made, the first day of every terra, to the court of King's Bench, specifying the names and offences, See. of all persons committed to their custody. 

A state of the accounts of each penitentiary house to be laid before every quarter sessions for the county | who, if they observe any notorious waste. See. are to report the same to the court of King's Bench. Hit Majesty may appoint an infpebhor of the penitentiary houses. See, | 

442 Anno decimo nono Georgn III C 74. [1779. 

who (hall visit finement once at lead in every quarter of a year, or oftener, if occasion (hall require, and (hall diligently examine into the several particulars herein before directed to be returned to his 

and infpcdt eve y such place of confinement 

once majesty’s court of king’s bench, and also into the state of the a quarter, buildings, the behaviour and condudfc of the refpediive officers, the treatment and Condition of the prisoners, the amount erf the several earnings, and the expenses attending every such place of confinement, and (hall make a faithful report of the same to and make a both houses parliament, at the beginning of every (effion, and faithful report a xn matters of extreme or pressing necessity, (hall and 1027 of the state make a special report thereof to the justices of his majesty’s thereoftoboth court of king’s bench, who shall immediately take order there lumentauhe an or tedrefs the same; and such infpetffor (hall 

beginning of continue in such office during his majesty’s pleasure, and fhao every feflioii. receive such salary as his Majesty (hall appoint, not exceeding two hundred pounds per annum. 

•LXIV. And be it further enabled. That the expenses of Expenses of carrying this adt into execution, not herein before fpecialij executing thi. provided for, (hall be annually laid before the house of com annually be mons and after deducing thereout the net profits, if anj, 

fore the*houfe arising from the earnings of the offenders who (hall be kept to 

commons, hard labour in any of the places of confinement to be appointed C by virtue of this ads, (hall be provided for in the next supplies 

to be granted to his Majesty by parliament. 

LXV And be it further enacted, That if any person who Punishment of be ordered to hard labour in any of the places of confine 

perions order ment to be appointed by virtue of this ads, instead of being ed to hard U capitally puniftied, shall, at any time during the term for which ^ak^prifon'^ or be ^0 or^erec^ t0 confinement, bfeak prison, or 

orelcapefrom escape from the place of his or her confinement, or in his or lawful cuito* her conveyance to such place of confinement, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender, he or (he fo breaking prison, or escaping, (hall be guilty of felony, 

without benefit of clergy; but in cafe he or (he fo breaking 

prison, or escaping, hath been ordered to hard labour instead of franfportation, he or (he (hall be punished by an addition of three years to the term for which he or (he, at the time of his or her breach of prison, was fubjedfc to be confined; and if such person fo puniftied by such addition to the term of confinement, (hall afterwards be convicted of a second escape, or breach of prison, he or (he (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy. 

LXVI And be it further enacted, That if any person (hall If any pferfon rek’ue any offender, who by force of this actor any part of it, (hall refeue, or (hall be ordered to hard labour, in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this adt, either during the time of his or her conveyance to the place appointed for such hard labour, or whilst such offender (hall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or (he (hall be lb confined; or if any person (hall be aiding or assisting in any such refeue; every such person fo refeuing, aiding, or assisting, (hall be guilty 

of 

dy 

attempt to rescue, any offender ordered to hard labour; 

1779*1" Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 74." 

443 

of felony, and may be ordered to hard labour in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this adt, for any term not less than one, nor exceeding five years: and if any person hav or any person ing the custody of any such offender as aforesaid, or being em having the ployed by the person having such custody, as a keeper, under f^°offcnder keeper, turnkey, aftiftant, or guard, shall voluntarily permit fljau volunta such offender to escape; or if any person whatfbever shall, by rily permit his Supplying arms, tools, or instruments of disguise, or otherwise, escape, be in any manner aiding and assisting to any such offender in any or any other escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though no escape ^ ^ actually made, or (hall attempt to refeue any such offender, fn* ingl elc* or be aiding and assisting in any such attempt, though no refeue be actually made, every such person fo permitting, attempting, every such aiding, or assisting, shall be guilty of felony; and if any person person (hall having such custody, or being fo employed by the person having b«gu, hy such custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such * offender to escape, such person fo permitting shall be guilty of a mefdemeanor; and, being lawfully convicted of the same, shall be liable to fine or imprisonment, or to both, at the diferetion of the court. 

LX VII Andy to the intent that the profecutiom for escape Sy Method of breaches of pnfony and refcuesy may be carried on with as little trou” *” n ble and expense as is pojfibky be it further enacted, That any fenders o offender escaping, breaking prison, or being refeued, in manner making escape aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the justices of oyer and or breaking terminer, or gaol delivery, or at the great sessions for the county P' if°n» and f where he or (he shall be apprehended and retaken; and in cafe afliihug thereof any prosecution for any such escape, attempt to escape, breach jn, * of prison, or refeue, either against the offender escaping, or attempting to escape, or having broke prison, or been refeued, or against any other person or persons concerned therein, * or aiding, abetting, or assisting the same, a copy, properly attested, of the certificate herein before directed to be given to the sheriff, or gaoler by the clerk of the assize, of other clerk for the time being of the court in which such offender shall be convicted, and by such sheriff or gaoler to be delivered, together with the offender, to such governor or superintendant as aforesaid, and by such governor or superintendant, to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be filed with the records of the sessions, 

(hall, after proof made that the person then in question before the court is the same that was delivered with such certificate, be Sufficient evidence to the court and jury, not only of the nature and fact of the conviction itself, and the species of confinement to which such person was ordered, but also that the person then in question is the same that was fo convicted, and ordered to such confinement. 

LX VIII And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties of penalties created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode this aft how to i herein before preferibed, (hall be recoverable before t>vo or be recovered more justices of the peace in the county, riding, division, city, ** appuca. liberty, borough, town, or pl?ce, in which the offence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of 

one 

their disproportionate expenses.' 

444, Anno decimo nono gkorgii III C 74. f 17; $, 

one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession d the offender > and one moiety thereof (hall be paid to the deaf the penitentiary house, or other place of confinement, to which the offence more immediately relates, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the fatne; and mcafe of nonpayment, (hall be levied by drftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fears of such justices $ the overplus of the money raifeef, after it du<9ing the penalty, and the expenses of the diftrefe and frk shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufucient <&■ tress the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prifona fiich county, riding, division, city, borough, town, or piaci * for foch term, not exceeding six months, nor less than cre month, as such justices (hall think most proper. 

Allowance to kxjx. Provided always, and be it further enadfed, Thath bemadetothe consideration of the great and di(proportionate expenses whid county of the county of Middlesex will probably incur, in providing fcr Middlesex for the temporary reception and maintenance of great numbers X .u r offenders as afarefaid, it shall and may be lawful for the cots miflioners of his majesty’s treasury, or the high treafiarcr forth? time being, to issue and allow to the treasurer of the said county of Middlejex^ from time to time, till such certificate shall be made as aforefaidy such sum or farm of money as shall apper to be rcafbnabte, m aid of fitch extraordinary expenses, rcc exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds for one year, zei foin proportion for any longer or shorter time. 

LXX And whereas the courts of djjize, Nisi Prios, oyer ed relative to" the terminer, and gad delivery, for fever at counties at large in (B lodgings of kingdom, are often held in or near cities or towns that are counties tbemfehes, and at the same time torfb the tike courts for the fed cities or towns 5 and inconveniences frequently orife, in tranfelur; the bufsntfs of the several courts, for that the lodgings of the judge are situate either only in the county at large, or only ire the county if such city or town; be it therefore further enacted. That whenever the courts of assize, nisi prtus, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, for any county at large, in that part of Great Britts called England, shall be held in or near any city or town chat Is adfo a county of itself, and at the same time with the iike orany of the like courts for the said city or town, the lodgings of the judge or judges shall be construed and taken to be situate both within the county at large, and also within the county of such city or town, for the purpose of carrying this at into execution, and of transacting the business of the assizes for foch county at large, and for the county of foch city or town, during the time that such judge or judges (frail continue therein for the execution of their several commissions. pro LXXI And be it further enacted, That if any fait or atftion this at mayer profccut®d aeainft any person or persons for anything 

plead the ge done in pursuance of this af, such person or persons may plead nerai issue, the general issue, and give this actor the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was 

door 

Regulation 

the judges at county assizes. 

freribns 

445 

1779.] Anno dedmo nono Georgii III C 74. 

done bv the authority of this adl; and if a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonsuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their action or actions, after iflfue joined; or if on demurer, or otherwise, judgement (hall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and recover defendant or defendants (hall recover treble costs, and have the trcwc like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cafes; and though a verdict (hall be giving for any plaintiff, in anv such action or fuit as aforesaid, such plaintiff (hall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial (hall be, (hall certify his approbation of the verdict. 

LXXII And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, Limitation of and protections, to be commenced against any person or per ion. fons for anything done in pursuance of this adl, (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fact was committed, and (hall be commenced within six months after the fact committed, and not otherwise. 

LXXIII And be it further enacted. That an adt, made and Soniuch of parted in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, *6 gco entitled, An act to author ife, for a limited time, the punishment byt jfnutvl*r£ hard labour of offenders whoy for certain crimes, art or jbau become iates to the" liable to be transported to any of bis Mojejlys colonies and planta terms of con tions 5 and which was continued by two subsequent adls, the (hj5«*»t of one made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present unexphed at Majesty, and the other in this present feifion of parliament, till the parting of the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy this adl. nine, (hall, with regard to such offenders whose respective terms of confinement under and by virtue of the laid adls are subsisting and unexpired at the palling of this adl, continue and remain in force till the end or other determination of their laid respective terms; the time limited for the expiration of the laid adls, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithstanding; save only that such offenders lb confined (hall, from and after the (aid first day of July, he subject to the orders and regulations herein before contained, infte&d of those contained in the said former adl. 

LXXIV And be it further enacted. That this adl (hall con Continuance tinue in force until the first day of June which (hall be in the °* year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer; except with regard to offenders whole rclpedtive terms of confinement under and by virtue of this adl (hall be then subsisting and unexpired, with regard to whom it (hall continue in force till the end or other extermination of their respective terms. 

CAP; 

446 

Anno dcclmo nono Georgii HI. C 75: ^1775. 

CAP. LXXV 

An ai for removing certain difficulties with refpecj to the rcsre speedy and effectual manning of his Majestys navy for a limici J' time. ' j. 

Preamble. TT HEREAS by several acts of parliament, persons fair VV certain definitions are protected from being impressed into Majejifs firvice at fia : and whereas it is equally just and expedient that such protections Should not be used to obfruci the public defmt in an arduous and difficult conjuncture; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritu3l and temporal, and commons, ie this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Part of an a ft feme. That so much of an act, passed in the second year of the a Ann, for reign of her majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for the k fewne®* C • f f^men, an better encouragement of navigation, and featr$\ * ^ of the coal trade), as grants any exemption or protection to am 

apprentice or other person from being impressed, or permitted arid 13 Geo. a. or suffered to lift or enter into his majesty’s sea service;; cap >71 also one act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty reign, (entitled. An act for the increafi of mariners and feamtn a navigate merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or vejfels); arvi also so much of an act, passed in the second year of his majesty’s reign, (entitled, An all for the better applying the cities of London and Westminster with fish, and to reduce the prefint ex or hi torsi price thereof, and to protect and encourage fjhermen), as grants any protection to the persons therein deferibed from being impressed into his majesty’s service at sea; and also so much of an a passed in the eleventh year of his majesty’s reign, (entitled. As aclfor the better support and ejtablijhment of the Greenland azl ivnalefifhery,) as grants the like protection to the persons therein deferibed, (hall be, and the same are hereby declared and enabled to be of no force and effect, for and during the fpaceoi five calendar months, to be computed from the sixteenth day oijune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. 

ll. Provided nevertheless, That the suspension of the abovementioned acts, sofar as they relate to persons serving on board fonsemployed Qf and veflfels employed in the coal trade, (hall not con trade cal tinue l°nger tan one calendar month, to be computed from the sixteenth day of June aforesaid. 

No person to III And be it further enacted, That no person or persons bemoleltedfor (hall be seed or molested for taking and impressing, or causing impressing, to tafcen ancj impressed, within the time aforesaid, any per me aforesaid, f°n or per^ons for ^, s majesty’s service at sea, contrary to the contrary to ’provifions of the before recited ^cts, or any of them, the recited ats. 

and part of % Geo. 3, cap. 15 > 

and part of a 1 Geo. 3, cap. 38, 

suspended for k months, from June 16, *779* 

Exception in favotir of per 

y 

CAP. 

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III C 76. 

447 

CAP. LXXVI 

An act for augmenting the militia. 

WHEREAS by an act made in the second year of the reign Preamble. 

of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain, amend. Recital of the and reduce into one ad of parliament, the several laws now in militia ad being relating to the railing and training the militia within that * Geo# 3 * part of Great Britain called England * it is, amongst other things tnafted, That the number of private men to be raffed, by virtue of the said aft, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, full conftft of the numbers therein particularly mentioned: and whereas, in the prejent Jituation of public affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the number of the militiaforces Should be augmented: and whereas by an act, passed in the last Jfffton of parliament, entitled, An act to and ilgeo/j. amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the railing ***• 59» and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to eftablilh certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be railed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned, it is enacted, That it Shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's lieutenants to authorise the acceptance of any number of volunteers in any regiment or battalion of militia, and to appoint officers to command such volunteers, provided the number of such volunteers does not exceed the compliment of any one company in any such regiment or battalion: and whereas it may he expedient further to extend the proviftons of the said act with respect to the raising volunteer companies in the militia forces of this kingdom \ be it therefore enacted by the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and Lordllieuten* after the patting of this ad, if any person or persons, properly autsimpower qualified according to the laws now in force, shall offer to his volunteer majesty’s lieutenant of any county to raise one or more company companies, or companies to be added to the regiment or battalion of any andtoappoint county or riding, it (hall and may be lawful for his majesty’s officers there 

% to Accept such offers, and to appoint such officers >IU accordingly; and shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc ceflbrs, the names and ranks of such officers, within one month after they (hall be fo appointed; and in cafe his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, within one month after such certificate laid before his Majesty, his heirs or successors, signify his or their disapprobation of any person to be such officer in the militia, his majesty’s lieutenant shall not grant a commission to such person, but shall grant commilfions to such persons fo appointed who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as aforesaid; and on the certificate at his majesty’s lieutenant, or of the commanding officer of the regiment or titled to the" Vol. XXXII Gg battalion sane pay, dec. 

4*. 

•a the other militia forces. 

Augmented 

regiments not to be made iwoljaitalioos,. 

Volunteer companies to be subject to ail the laws, regulations, C ndw in force felating to the militia j 

and to be reduced 

'vnen fbe milina shall be disembodied, C 

Continuance of this a. 

Anno d^imo none (Seorgii III $., [4779, 

battalion to which such company or companies (hall be annexed that such company or companies are actually railed, fitch cost pany or companies (hu be inytled to th same allowance of bounty, subsistence money, arms, and dothlrig, as the rest of his majesty’s militia forces in this kingdom.. ' '.. 

II And be it enacted, That when any such copipaoieaqf volunteers (hall be added to any regiment, foch addition (hall not nuke it nece&ry to fepavate foch regiment into two battafi* ops, but such regiment (hah remain and continue one tezj merit. 

III And he it further eaa&ed by the authority afiarc&ki, 

That su and every the ferera) kiwi and all the mica fugoft* tims, penalties, faefcoures, ekufes, matter, rnd things tfrere m contained, and now in force, or which (hall be paries in session of parliament, relative to the rating, tmintng, payrr^, clothing, embodying, and calling out, thq militia, fk^n S applied, practised, and put in execution, with relpeft to thy additional volunteer companies by this aft directed to be raim, in as full and am^le manner as if the feid feveraf laws, rules, regulations, pen ah res, forfeitures, daufeg, matters., and thlngfl were herein again at large repeated and re enacted in the bod]mj* this prefeat act; Cave and except fi far as the feme are altered by any pxwifions contained in this aft'. ' ' 6 V ‘ ■ 

itv. And be it farther enabled by the autbofity ^forffti4*r That all volunteer companies which (hall be railed iapurfuaace of tbi* aft, (hall be reduced and difiolved whenever the milim of^the counties, ridings, and places, in which fach cottotaifer fltajf be railed, (halt be disembodied, or at such earlier as his Majesty (hall signify his pleasure to reduce such cooa* panics, 

V And be h further enacted by the authority aforeffcld, That dm aft (hall be and continue in force until the Bicytibtr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two an4oq longsc. 

CAP. irxxvh. 

An a St to enable the commiffioneri of his Majesty treifury to eom« ppund S debt dee to the crown from James gtmaf* and bit foresaw, and for vrftina the fltate* of thr laid j?ni0*gitfa#*iojfra»cij oiuut and Tnomas giui^rtv and for other purpofea tberaks jncfttfenqdt " 

Preamble reciting (evera) bonds entered into by James Gjldart, and life fureries. A writ of extent lifued by the court of exchequer. cousy^d?. (toners of the treasury empowered to compound with Francis Grldartajia Thomas Gildart, for the money remaining due to the crown from James Gildart, as receiver-general of the land tax. See. for Laocafhire, or from his lurches. All the ettates, both real and personal, which James Gil dart was possessed of or intitlrd to at the filing, out of the extent * sad also the e(fates which were devised as aforefgidby Richard Gildsrt, arc veiled in Francis Gtidart and Thomas Gihlarrj subject to the payment of she competition herein mentioned for the debts a foretold. Upon payment of the competition abovsnpeai^onedv or gndog security for the (amo, the f*jd ylfates to be absolutely veiled in tjum and thpir henrs^ freed; frits all. debt due from James Gild art to the crqtgn,, *njd fooq^thc bqndagr 

17}$?} Arino declmd nortd gfeoikitf III t. 78. 

tettd into by his furetirt. Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart im powtrcd to bring aft ions frit rfccfiverihg pdflefifon 6f premises, cafter pay mem of, or giving security For the compoiition herein mentioned, th^afttwgsidwftates vested in Francis and Theme! Gddhft# ted any cfauo which James Gildart may hereafter acquire, and alio hit several fareues, are freed ihd aifehirged 6f the ifore (aid debts due to the crown. Ueuei Al faf»g. 

prerent Majefty'l reign, fbr building a temporary bridge over tft* rivtr Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and gatechead, in the county of Durham j.for ewaptetiilg the tie ftoue bridge over the said river \ and for making the avenues to, and the passage over the (amt more commodious. 

Prutabla. Trufan. slm tmftcci of tttafc o A, nor tmat A be chefen. Trustees hn flowered to build the parapet wku on that part of the bridge whkh belongs to thd see of Durtiam, For regulating the meet 1 ings, and tfid quorum of the trustees. All meetings to be held in the mayor ehfcnibtr, Ac. No order to be ttvfiktti trtleft 15 trustees ftml) bo prefcat. triiho feo tppoitt oitttt) aod alttw them (ahtrits.. Oftcrtv to accounts and pay (hh balance. Pcnsrity op default. If balance be ribt! paid it may be levied by diftrefe. On failure of distress Ac. officer to be 1 ccfttiitiitted. Teihpoi'afy bridge to be further continued fbr three years j 

, bitt to be trikeituwiy it Itoiit bridge be fattier fiimhm. tvdfwei itrt powered to treat far hoafe*, Ac. to ha taken down to opart avemws to the new bridge. If owners, Ac. and the trustees cannot agree, the recom t pence and damage to be ascertained by a jury. No houies to be built on, the new bridge. Incapadflttd |>*ffohs im^odrfred to sell. On refusal to traat, Ac. damage to be ascertained by a jury On payment of purehafe mfi&ey, pre miles U be conveyed. In tale of a detective rifle, Ac. or mortgagee refusing to take in their mortgage money, irfe purthafe money (hall be paid Into rod dhamber of the town of Newcaft'd* and preritife* bte vetfad in the trftfteei. Purehafe art) met, on proper application, to bo placed out at interest. Mesne profits recoverable. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money and Interest, to convey. Tehantsto quit on six months notice; on retoftl, (herifls to deliver possession. Trufi. tees may fine fheriffi. See, for making default. Moneys payable to bodies corporate, Ac. to be reinvested in purehafe of other estates. txuueea miy fell Overplus ground. Application of the produce thereof. Trustees ami jurymen fiat to aft where mterefted. Tolls to be continued. Recompute to be made to the corporation, for land taken friwn them to itoako avenues. Tftlls may be assigned far money borrowed. Certain times appointed for auditing the accounts. Tolls may be varied. Trustees may, lease the tolls. Duration of falfon the new bridge. Tolls, Ac. riot to ' be aflefted to any taxes what foe ver. Penalty cm deftrofing tdh gdter, Ari. Penalty on attaching or threatnmg collectors, Ac. Officers who (hall receive any penalties, and rufofc euicuooiit fof Vhe farrra, may be committed. Proceedings not to be qualfied for wanf of form. Saving the rights of the corporation. Limitation of aaions* General iftut* Treble uoitsa Piiblick aft. 

Anno dedmo nono Gborgii III C 79, — [t 775- 

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, made in the twenty ft xtb year of the reign of his majesty King George the 'Second, entitled. An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to lammerton bill, and alio the federal other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town of Berwick. 

An ail for enlarging the term and powers of an, made tn the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for refpairing and widening the road from Thirfk, over Skipton Bridge, through Balderjby, to Red derfly gate, adjoining to Hutton moor, in the way to Ripen; and through Aindtrby, j^ueryiow,. and Nojlerfeld, by ived Flafles Gate, to Majham, in the county of York and likewise for removing the tossed house and turnpike gates at Busby stm, in the said county, to some other convenient place in the road leading from borough bridge to the city of Durham. 

An ail for continuing the term, and altering the powers of ate off, made in the thirty second year of the reign of bis late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering iafe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of South Molton, in the county of Devon. 

An ail for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of bis late tnajefty King George the Second for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Leicester, through the town of Lutterworth, in the Bid county, to the city of Coventry. 

An ait for enlarging the terms and powers of three ails, pajfed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Fir ft, and in the fifteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county ^ Buckingham, sofar as the same relate to the road from the west end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne, near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex. 

CAP, LXXIX 

CAP. LXXX 

CAP. LXXXI 

CAP. LXXXII 

CAP. lxxxiii 

CAP. 

\ 1779.]. Anpo decuno n0O0 georgii III C 84^89. \ CAP. LXXXIV 

■ An act for widening and repairing a lane called pitt’s or sheppard’s 

Lane, leading from the market house in the town Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said county, and for turning the courji of the present road, leading from Ray' mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforesaid. 

CAP. LXXXV 

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, 

{ of an ad, made in the twenty flxth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from ajhby de la Zoucb, n the. | county of Leuefier, through Burton upon Trent, in the eourity 

; of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said county. 

CAP. LXXXVI 

■ aft for enlarging the term of an act, made in the twenty-eighth 1 year of King George the Second, entitled. An at for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in thq county of Huntingdon, through ivarboys, Old Hurjl, Saint Ives, Hilt on Eltijley, ivarejley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a house called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several counties o( Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford. 

CAP. LXXXVII 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in thethirty fecondyear of the reign, of bis majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from chef terfield, to the turnpike road at Hemftontrlane Head; and also the road branching from the faid‘road, upon the Eajl Moor, through Baflow and Wdrdlow, to the joining of the said roads again near fvardlow mires and also the road leading between the said road and branch, from calver bridge to baflow bridge, and also the road from the turnpike road near newhaven bouse, to the turnpike road near Grindie ford bridge, in the county of Derby. 

CAP. LXXXVIII 

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewjbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York. 

C A p. IXXX1X. 

An act for continuing the ttrm, and altering and enlarging the powers, ef an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late ' ' Majesty 

Ando dactmonoao gfioroit IK. 

Majesty, for repairing and amending reads leading from 

U pton in the county of wocdexer, and aether rends therein mentieee ed; and for amending the road leadingfrom the While Cnofy in. the parifoof Henley Cuftte, W the fidd county, to the rforr sevea. ’ 

CAP. XC 

Ana to enlarge the term end powers of an ar, ah the 

ftxtb year of the reign of bis late Aiajefj, for repairing tfo MM from the borough of Leiccfler, in tne county of to 

the town of ajhay do la zoucb, in the bid county. 

CAP. XCI 

An 08 for more efferttallj repairing the rood Stratford 

Upon Avon toedgfaill, in the ceesnty of Warwick * and far 

pealing the Jeveral laws now in force relating to the feid room, 

CAP. xctl. 

An or for more effcqually repairing, » end amending, the 

roads from Wigan to Preston, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing several ars, made in the thirteenth year George the Ftrft, and the fourth and jean ofmtkga. 

Majesty) relating to the said roads,, 

CAP. XCIII 

anal for amending and beeping in repair the tread from a certain bridge over a brook or flrtam called Sudbrook, the Alp of Gloucester, to the nhtt mile stone on the Bristol road, at or neat a plate tailed The Clay Pits, in tbt {/‘gloucester. 

CAP. XCIV 

*) 

atrar far continuing the term, and varying powers, of twod&i, 

tandem tbo twenty fxtb and twmty mttb years of the rtigntfbis late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the top •f White Jbeet Hill, in tne partth of Saint Andrew, m 

the county of Wilts, and several other reads therein t, h. 

tie counties ofdoxiet, Somerset, and Wilts. 

CAP. XCV 

An alt for repealing an ar, made in the twenty-fifth year of tbt reign 

of bis' late Majesty King Geoige Stand, far repairing 

and widening the road from through the town of 

Alnwick to Rothbuiy, and from thence to the town of Hexbam; and also the road leading oat of the afbrefaid road, between Alnwick and Rilhbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the' 

county of Northumberland', mod ffftdhea fed vifionfor the repair, of the find rtems, 

CAP. 

*779*1 Anno ckounawwo Giqkgh UL C 96, — joi. 453* 

• CAP. XCVI 

4* affifor enlarging the term and pmers that 

thirty firjl year oj that reign of bit late King George the 

Second., entitled. An for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county 01 Yuri, through the towns of fdathorjage, Hope, and to sparrewpit gate, in. the 

coynty of Derby, and. from The Guide new berber’s fields Cupola, through gtutdleford+bridge, Greet htuutw, fid swell, hardgite utau, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby, 

CAP. XCVII 

Aii aftfbr continuing the term, and altering the powers, of an alt, 

made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majefiy, for 

repairing the road from the city of Carlisle to the town of Penrith, n the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith to Bamont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Wtfimorelani. 

., CAP. XCYIU. 

An Oft for continuing the term, and enlarging the power ft 

made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majefiy King 

George the Second, for repairing and widening the row load tog from Flimvjell Vent, in the parish of in the 

County oi Sttffix, to the town and port of Hastings, in the said county. 

CAP. XCIX 

Apt aft for repairing and widening the roadfrom Ganderiain, 

county of Derby to Sheffield, in the west riding of though of 

York; and alfi that road branching out of though said roadat or near mofborough green, in the said county of Derby, to Clown, «$ the same county, 

CAP. C 

An act for enlarging the term and altering and varying the so much of an act, made in the thirty fecondyear of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of V Semtrfit, and other roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads leading to though said town, 

CAP. CL 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the tkiriy*jmapdyaor of the reign of hi late majefiy King George the Secondhand tty the: fecondyepr of the niffefhh ta 

lof 

Anno decirno nono georgii HI. c.ios, — to6b £1779. 

for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdamagate in Popbamlane to the city of Winchejler* and from the Cud city through Hurjley to Chandler Ford, and from hurjuy afardaid to the turnpike road at Romfy, and from the laid turnpike road through Ringwoodt id the county of Southampton to long bambrifge, and Wmhorne Minjler in the county of Darfet* id for amending and widening the road from ringwood gate in the fold county of Southampton to Woolfbridge, and from a Jkett called The Hundred at Rotnfey, through Chilworth, to the river at Swathling in the jaid county. 

CAP. CI 

aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from Ludjowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Landovery, and from thence through the town oflon* gadock to the river Amman, andfeveral other roads in the sob county communicating therewith 

cap. cm. 

An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, cf an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majcjly^ for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from MU welly, in the county of Carmarthen, and alfb several roads leading from Landilo, in the said county, sofar as relsueio the roads included in the Kidwelly dijirift • and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the said county. 

CAP. CIV 

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty firjl year of the reign of bit fan Majefy, for repairing and widening the road from the ftws Inn at Leather head, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spit si or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoke, near the town of Guide ford, in the county of Surrey, 

CAP. CV 

An act for continuing the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Second, for repairing the joad from the city of Carljle in the county of Cumberland, to the market and fei port town of Workington in the said county, sofar as the fau relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid. 

CAP. CVI 

An act for the continuing the term, and altering; and enlarging the. powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the retgn ef 

bis 

455 

*779'0 Anne decimo nono Georgii III C 107, — no. 

ar Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from 

the east end of Borough under Stainmore, in the county of #?// -- marehnd, by the end of Appleby Bridge to Eamont Bridge in the said county. 

cap. cm 

ad? ir enlarging the term and powers, of fo math of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An adt fpr amending, widening, and Keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the. county of Denbigh, to Pent re Bridge, ih the county of; and from the town of Mould to Northop, Holywell, and rhud dlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhdufe, opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon j. and from Ruthin to the said town of Mould; as relates to the -* district of road from the town a wrexham, in the county of Den high, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint. 

CAP. CVIII 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an oft, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of bis majesty King George the Second, entitled. An adt for widening ana repairing the highroad leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancajler and Westmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said toton of Kirkby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the said county of wejlmore land. 

CAP. CIX 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Sc condy entitled. An adt for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the couhty of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mould to Northop, Holywell, and rhudcban, in the same county 5 and from thence to the Ferryboufe, opposite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvonand from Ruthin to the said town of Mould *, as relates to the dijlrift of road from the town of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town 0/ Mould, in the county of Flint. 

CAP. CX 

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act mode in the ' eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An adt for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Lantrijjintf and klfo the rod leading; from Newbridge to a place called the Did Furnace,, all in the county of Glamorgan. 

Vol. XXXII Hh CAP. 

Amo decura neno Gmntau >779; - 

CAP. CXI *. 

An off for enlarging the term and of an fqffej in the 

thirtieth year of the reign of King George the 8ertnd, for amending, 

widening, and keeping in repair, the road from they turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish off Melijham, through Gvtges Lamnod Weft totton, to the turnpike road it Upper Oath, in the parish 

ofcaflk comb, in the county of Wilts. 

CAP. CXII 

jfa oil sir continuing the term if an a the thirtieth ytar of Its 

late Majejby, for amending, widening, m a king commodious, and keeping in repair the road from The Cry: Keys, other wise Brisker: Barn, in the parity of, in the county 

of Wilt:, to Bath Baflott Bridge, in the county of spmer/et. 

CAP. CXIII 

r * 

An act to enlarge the term and power: of an paled in the tjaeuff 

sixth seat of the reign of bis late riayejfyking George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Span &nntbjm in the town (hip of Elton, through the town of, and 

by Spittle Hill in Stantborn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of tfotthw in the county palatine of Cheflir. leap. 

CXIV 

An afl sir reviving and continuingthe term and varying the fiafeps 

qf an off, made in the twenty-ninth year of hi: late amending, widening, and keeping in repair, revert! 'rtmw* leading from the market house, ami elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or fife gate, in the parish of Athford Bowdler, road on the 

Clee Hill, in the fiid county. 

CAP, CXV 

An at to enlarge the term and power: of an all, pqffid in the 

twenty-fifth year of the reign of hi: late Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cvencefier to the town of Strut!, and that part of Roadbortugb Hwhich leads to Dndbridge; and also the road leading from Cireucgfier towards sat m the bottom of Gulf hiuj all in the county of gjkuttptr 

CAP. CXVI 

An all to enlarge the term and powers of an aff, taffed in fa thirty sirs year of the reign of its tote majefiy King. George the 

fog 

457 

1779*3 Anno dedmo nono Geqrgii III C 117, -126.' 

for repairing and widening the road from, In the 

county of glouce/ler, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts. 

An aofor mating and repairing several roads round the city of 

An ohfar amending the road from the nine mile font on the Bristol road, at or near a place calud'thc clay pits, to or near the chapel at Stone; and also the roads to and near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and several other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts. 

Jin ail far reducing into one ail af parliament the several laws now 

in farce for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittenior to the most northern part Tulk on the hill, in Butt lane in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlaftone bridge, over Tittenior Heath, through the town or village of Tittenfor aforesaid. 

of_feveral ails of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the and twenty second year of his late Mayfly, for repairing the road leading from kilbaurn bridge, in the county of, to 

Sparrows Heme, in the county of Hertford. 

CAP. CXVII 

Bristol. 

CAP. CXVIII 

CAP. CXIX 

END of PART II VOL. XXXIL

