THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

23d to the 26th Year of King George II.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq.

The

Statutes at large,

from the

23d to the 26th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES

during that Period.

VOL. XX.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRIVILEGlO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Twenty Third to the Twenty Fifth Year of King George II. inclusive.

Atm 23 II.

Cap. t.T? O R reducing the several X? annuities, which now carry an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per , to the several rates of interest therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to ius Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty,

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and delation ; and for the better pay-itient of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an alt pafTed in the fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchejier in the cdun-ty of Laneafter, through the town of j(/bton under Line, and parifti of Mot tram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 6. For repairing, improving and maintaining the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthning, and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themfehres into the said haven; and allb for preferring (hips, wintering therein, from accidents by fire. Vot. XX.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term'and powers granted and continued by two former alts of parliament for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Prejion in the county palatine of Lartcajhr\ and for making the said alts more effeltual.

Cap. 8. For enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two alts of parliament, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge, to Welford Bridge in the county of Northampton, and the great poft road from Mortef Pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicejler $ and for explaining and making more effeltual the laid alts ; and alfb for repairing the roads leading from Morttr Pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the town of Northampton.

Cap. 9. For repealing the duties now payable upon China raw filk, and tor granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 10. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an alt paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the road leading from the town of F ulham, in the county of Middlefcx, through Fulham fields^ to the great toad near the pound at Hammerfmith, in the said county.

Cap. 11. To render profecutions for perjury, and fubornation of perjury, more eafy and effeltual.

Cap. 12. For improving the navigation of the river Loymi otherwise

called IfUm* and for building a quay pr wfi?rfa near the town of , Lm*Jhr%\a the county, palatine of t\ Lmpfim*	-

Cap. 13. Forthe effectual punifhing' of. Dsrfpns ^onyided of feducing * ‘ mincers ah the msnufa&ures of - -Orest Briurip orJreknd, out of the dominions of the crown of Qrectt Britain \ and to prevent the exports ,Wim ofutenfils made ufe of in the woollen and ulk manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland, into foreign parts > and for the more eafy 3&a fp^edy determination of ap-. j>eals,' allowed in certain cafes, by an ad made in the laft feflion of parliament, relating to persons employed ia thefeveral manufactures therein mentioned, vajp., 14. For afligning a placeprqper , for holding the market in the city of WeJlmirJdeni in lieu of the ancient market place called the Bound . iVioolfiapk ; and for regulating .the , m market.

Cap. ij. For taking down feyeral hoilduigs, and inlargiog the ftreets . and market places ip the city of Gloucefter.

£?P. 10I Fpf granting tohis , the tom of one million to he raifea by annuities at three pounds per . etntum ter annum,' and charged on v, the finking fund, transfprrable at the bank of England.

Cap. 17. For repairing the roads ; leading from Dunglas Bridge to the town of Haddington ; and from thence to Raven/haughburn in the county of Haddington.

Cap. 18. Fpr enligntning .the open places, ftreets, lanes, paflages and courts | and for the better regulating the nightly watch, within theparilh of Sattit John Southwark in the county ofSurrey.

A (£ap. 19> Tor, making more effeftual ■ feycjcal adspf parliament patted for .. de*nftnjg and making navigable

the channel from \hcHitbe af£tf-chefler to IVwenboe in the county of EJfex; and tor repairing and elpan-fiqg the ftreets and lames of the town otCokbeJlet.

Cap. 30. For encouraging the growth and culture of raw,filk in tus,hla- . jcuy's colonies or plantations Jn. Jmeriea.

Cap. xu For granting to his Maje-fty the sum of nine hundred thou* fand jppunds out of the finking fund, for the fcrvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and for applying,certain fur-plus monies remaining in the exchequer, as part of the fupplyof the laid year; and for the application of certain layings in the hands of the, pay matter general; and for obviating a doubt in an a& of the fifth year of King George the First, in refped to the payment of certain .annuities thereby granted for the improvement ot Pineries and manufactures in ScQtland; and for the further appropriating the* top-plies granted this fefiion of parlia-ment.; and forgiving further tune for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the mdfinjaups or contrads of clerks and apprentices; and for transferring the bounties now pay^le upon the exportation of Britijh fail cloth, to tt^e cufloms; and for enforcing the laws against the dandeftine importation of ibap, candles, and ftardi, into this ting-dom.

Cap. 22. For giving further time to the proprietors ot annuities, after the r^te of four poupds ter centum per annum., tofubferibe the Fame

, in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned; and fpr redeeming such of the said annuities, as (hajl not be fo fuhfcribca; and for impowering the Eafi lndif.com-pany to raife certain Fyop tyVans-ferrable annuities.

Cap. 23. To continue feversd laws

for

----0 i^Hyfling of the

r WWwhdwrages amongft T *tatt!e,v andHforirnpow-etftig'tts M^efty tS prohibit the killing of cow cares.

Fbr the encouragement of J	white	herring fifoery.

Cap.25.F0r making good a deficiency upon the revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein, to anfwerthe publick Jervices provided for out of the lame; and for augmenting the income of the office of mailer or keeper of the rolls.

Cap. 26. To continue several laws tor the better regulating of pilots, for the conducing of (hips and vefiels from Dover, Deal, and IJle of Tbanety up the rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting rum or fpirits of the British  sugar plantations to be landed before the phenes of exdfe are paid'thereon;

to continue and amend an aft - for preventing frauds in the ad-itoeaifoement of coals within the dtyand liberty diW*eftminfter, and ibfelal parishes near thereunto; and* to continue feveral* laws for ; - Preventing exaftions of occupiers w locks and wears upon the river 1 1 Thames Weft ward, and for afcertain-‘ iisg the ristes of water carriage up-■' on the said river; and for the bet-r Her regulation and government of :* fcaminin the merchants service; and a(ib to amend fo much of an aft mkde in the first year of the reign of King George tkc Firft, as f^fates to the better preservation of /filmon in the river Kibble; and to itotflate'fees in trials at affizes, and * Prius, upon records iffuing ' ' :out^rf the office of pleas of the j	pf exchequer; and for the

~sTt ^ppfttending of persons in any zr*v%cmtf ex place, updn warrants granted.by juftices of the peace in

- ^^^jpdfhcritoimty or place; and jo

*^1

repeal fo pinch of ktf aft Osle in the twelfth year of t6e teign of King Charles the SeSc&nd^ as relates to the time during Which the Office pf excife \s |o be kept ppen^each day* and to appoint tor bowing time the fame Khali be kept Open upon epch day for the future ? and to prevent the dealing or deftroy-ing of turnips; and to amend an act made in the fecond year of his present Majesty, for better regulation of attormes and folicitors. Cap. 27. For the more eafy and fpee* dy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of JVeJlminftcr^ and that part of the dutchy of Lan-cajler which adjoineth thereto.

Cap. 28. To explain part of an aft pafled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for the uniformity of publick prayers* and ad-miniftration of facraments ; and al-fo part of an aft pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen - Elizabeth for the minifters of the church to be of found religion. Cap. 29. To encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majcft/s colonies in America; and to prevent the ereftion of any mill or other engine for flitting or rolling of iron, or any plateing forge tp work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making fteel, in any of the said colonies. *

Cap. 30. For the mpre eafy aftd fpeedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

Cap. 31. For extending and improving the trade to Africa:

Cap. 32. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon such fpecies of fail cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, during the time therein limited.

Cap. 33. For preventing delays atid expences in the proceedings in the county court of 2Midd!tjexy and a 2	for

> A TABLE of the STATUTES:

^ c lir thevm6?e eafy artd fpeedy recoct. very of fniall ckbtf Jntheiaid coun-i tycourrj ’	;■

Cap. ^4. For permitting raw filk of v the growth or produce of Perfia* / pofchafed in	to be imported into this kingdom, from any port or place belonging to the empire of Ruffia.

-Gap. 35. For making a better and more efifedual provition for the relief of the poor, for the cleanfing the ftreets, and for keeping a nightly watch. Within the parifn of Saint Marlin1 in the Fields* within the liberties of the city of JVejlminJler.

Cap* 3ft. For fettling a ftipend or maintenance upon the rector of the ^ parifti of Saint George the Martyr* in the borough of Southwark, in the vl: coonty of Surrey, and his successors, in lieu of tythes.

.Gap. 37. For building a bridge crofs the river of Thames, from Hampton Court in the county of Middhfex* to Eaf Moulfey in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 38. For repairing the road from ' the city of York over Skipbridge, to “ Botoughbridge in the county of York. "Cap. 39. For the more effectual repairing and preferving the piers and harbour of Whitby in the county of York.

Cap. 40. For repairing and widening 1 the rofcds leading from Egremont to Duddin Bridge* Sant on Bridge, and Salthoitfe* in the county of Cumberland.

Private Adis.

Jnno.22  Georgii II.

1.	Art *d for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier* Peter Henry Gau-vain* and others.

2.	An act for naturalizing Charles ;* Lindegren.

3* An ad fof naturalizing Henry Jtly. ^	:

4. An ad m naturalizing Germain

Lavie%J *	-

a

An act for vetting in trufttoafcer-tain leafes and estates therein mentioned,. of and in the matiOrs^of Spalding and Holbeci* and of feve-ral lands* a tenements and hmodita-ments to the fame belonging, itv the county of Lincoln* which were forfeited by James late duke of {Monmouth* put in exigent upon an in-didment of high treafoo, to the intent that the lots of the record of such indidment, and .of the Capias and exigent thereon, may be fup-plied for the purposes therein mentioned.-

>. An act to impower the committees of Thomas earl of Bradford* a luna-tick, to lay out part othis personal estate in the purchafe of lands and estates of inheritance for the purposes therein mentioned.

7.	An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manor of Garjlang in the county of Lan-cajler* and of a mefiiiagc oc tenement in Newbigginge m Lonfdale* in the county of Wefirnoroland* to trufteea, in tmft for the honourable Edward Walpole efquire, and’ his heirs, upon a full and valuable con-fideration to be paid for the fame.

8.	An act to enable Reger Mtsrepock* dodor in divinity, now called Re-

r ger Pettiward* atid the heirs of his body, to take and ufo the fumame and arms of Pettiward.

9.	An act to enable Bedford- Kendall efquire, now called Bedford JUAdall Cater* and bis ifliie male, to take and ufe the furaame and arms of Cater.

10.	An act for naturalizing John Peter Mandret* Lhvit Cbabanel* William do Drufinai and others.

ix. An act for naturalizing IJkoc Sthomberg* dodor in phyfick. r

iz. An ad-for naturalizing^yi/^/ Hake.

13.	An act to impower the, guardians of Henry , carl cf Bmbtroke and Montgomery* arrinfant> Unmake

leafes

- A VAttJLS'of

-tiif rcalcfote/during bis :> ■* • >. to enable	eari	of

1 Northumberland^.. and 'Elizabeth ^ Pomtrtefo of Northumberland and . ni baro^iefe ^^ bis wife, rad their jchitdrtn^progenj, and blue, to -» >kfce and aifc the name of Percy, -n and bear and quarter the arms of

*	1 the Parties earls of Northumberland. 'jfij An act for faleof part of the

fottled estate of Sir Thomas Moyjfyn baronet, in the county of Angle fey,

- for payment of debts, and for providing a recompence to his elded r * fonand iffiie in lieu thereof.

*	<6* An act for eftablilhing a partition

made between dame Mary Latre, and others, of divers estates in the partihe* of WeftThorocluxA Sufferdy m the county of Effex, in purfuance rt federal orders of the high court j+iCkaucery.

An act for empowering trudees to ^raedownand fell timber upon the fY.«ftatfe late of John Trevor efquire, -i ifethe counties of Denbigh and Flinty ^Icfat difaharging his debts, and also tbanakc Je^fes of mines in the said -acaudtiea.

zSvtAtu'aA fariqvefting part of the .Vv^peddcal efttte of Charles Churchill G^fapilte, deeeafed, in the purchafe iof Unds to be.fetdedy.puriuant to tnira~agveeotcnt m the fettlement made on the marriage of Charles \ ^ CBufthill junior efquire, with the -aJady Maria Walpole.

Anad for fale of the manor of Jbfyrjbfi and. other edatC6 in the county of Buds, lately belonging Hugh Barker the younger efquire, r ^deceafed, purfuantto an agreement •irate with him for that purpofe. 9ax AniwBt for mating cffedual an agreement for fate of a metiuage at ' ^Wp&y tiill in the county of Berks, with the appurtenances, late: the ~ ‘**e#atct>f cotopel Cbnrfts Lame, de-' ■> bwfed, to Akxan^eWdher eSquire. *Hv; Axk afo for foie of the estates de-

th6 STATUTES.

• vifed by the will-ofrjsbn Nilto* efquire, deceafai>>qnd for allying the money arifing therehyy itr the , payment of im debt® end legacies.

. 22. An ad far e*plaihtagtfnd amending several powers combined m the fettlemeius made in Ifhe: marriage of Henry JValteri gBfH|etnan, 2nd Anne his wife, for rendering.the faroe^more effectual; for the pur-pofea thereby	1

23.	An act to impowqr *he executors and trudees’ of Samuel Shephtard efquire, deceafed, to fell his holifes at Exning in Suffolky and in Coven-dijb Square, and the plate and fur-niture thereto belonging, and toap-ply the money produced by fiich faJe, as the court of Chancery frail dired or appoint.

24.	An act for fale of part of the ef* tares of John Needham efquire, and Anne his wife ; John Leche efquire, and Mary his wife j and Elizabeth Hurleflcny for difeharging incumbrances aiFe&ing the feme, and other purposes therein mentioned.

25.	An act to enable William Cotaper efquire, to fettle, a jpiqture upon his present wife,' and tQ nratSe

. Jeafes of certain edates in the epun-■ ty of Hertford.

26.	An act for impowering trudees to raife money, out of. ther fettled estate of Robert Dohtfan ciquire, for difeharging feveraj debts and fums of money cpntraded and borrowed by him.

27.	An act for verting the estates of Richard S:r.nley efquire, a lunatick. lying in the counties of Kent ana Middlefix, in truftecs, to be fold forthe payment of federal debts and incumbrances thcfPPh* and for

. other purpofe* therein petitioned,

28.	An act to fell part of the fettled e-r ftate ofTbomai'Strgifinpiquing ar*d

to lay out the money arifing thereby,

: \ in the pufehsfeiOf^P^ and hereditaments to be fettled in lieu thereof, a 3	29. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

*9. An a A to' eniafcle pf Dirlitoy efquire, and the heirs of" intaO1 foi'the time beirig, to

•	make lqaies df linds in the county

bf	Haddifigtf^,and for other purposes therein Mentioned.

39,	An act fot railing money by Ale or mortgage of the estate of

Orme efquire, in the county of $ujfex, for the paymerit of his debts, and the portion of Charlote Oraw his d&ughter, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31.	An act for inclofine and dividing certain cotnmpn fields and common grounds, called Nether Common Fields,lying and being in the parishes of Nether Hey ford. Stow

‘ 1	vitbnine Churches, and

in the county of Northampton, and for extinguifning all right of common in certain meadows, paftures, and inclofed grounds in the said parishes, and providing a recom-pence to the reftors of the said parishes, in lieu of tythes.

32.	An act for confirming articles of agreement for indofing and dividing the commons and wade grounds within the manor of Culcheth in the county of Lancaster.

33.	An act for securing the foie property, benefit and advantage of an engine invented by

_ deceafed, for railing ballad, fullage, and fand, and for removing banks, (he)ves and Ihoals, in rivers and harbours, to the children of the said Ifrael Potonoll, fdf a certain term of years.

34.	An act for naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick.

Amu 24 GeorgiiII.

Cap. r. For cOrttinuirig and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon " malt, mum, cyder and perry, for The  service of the year one thou-

; fand seven hundred and fifty one.

Cap. 2,' For granting to his Majesty

the Aim of two mKSorfe onebua-dred thousand pounds, to be rttiftd by annuities; and at lottery, and » charged on the fiokirig food, redeemable by parliament., v

Cap. 3. For enlarging thb term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham in the county of Lincoln; end* for making the lame more ef» feftual.

Cap. 4. For enabling hia Majesty to raife the several Aims of money therein mentioned, by exchequer bills, to be charged on the finking fund; and for impowering the commiffioners of the treafnry to pay off the old and new unfubfcrib-ed	South Seas annuities out of the

fopply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the year one thoufimd seven hundred and fifty one; and for enabling the bank of	to

hold general coarts, and courts of direftorf, in the maimer therein direfted; and for giving cdrtam persons liberty to faburribebank and South Seas annuities omitted to be fubferibed putfoant to two afts of the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 5. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments Within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe.

Cap. 6. For punifhfog mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quar-ters.

Cap. 7. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax* to be rati£cc) in Great Britain, for the fertioe of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one.

Cap. For the better carrying on, and regulating, the navigation of the river Thames and Ifis, from the city of Lanim wfcfttfard to the

town

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

«wrtrof> GieSddt in-rite county of toWto. f - bf:'j^ -C^g.-For repairing tjw ro*d teadv ftuu ettji1 to due Devizes, and frote the Bevixes- fo \8mrdi in tfato county of JVsits.

C* i 10. Jbr enlarging tbe term and 1 power* granted bytwoxftfr of parliament, for repairing the higfr-

to rebuild the church-of the laid pari(h.‘ " '	‘	^. ?e..

Cap. t6. For thenxbre Ipeedy arid essfy recovery of fmafTdebtsWitfi-iri the city of Linco and coUhty of the lame city, ana the liberties and precinfts thereof j artd'vrithlh the bail of Lincoln In the County of Lincoln.	‘

“ways through the several p*rimes Cap. 17. For repairing the road lead-

of Saint	Michael,Saint Albany Saint

•Peter,	SbenUy-Ridge,	and

Aftms ,in the counties of Hertford -and	Mlidlefet.

Cap. ix. For reducing the interest upon the capital flock of the Sooth Sea company, from the time, and upon die terms, therein mentioned ; and for preventing of frauds committed by the officers and fer-vants of the (aid company.

Cap. 11. For appointing eorrimiffi-: oners to put in execution an aft ; made in the twenty fecond year 6f rtfie reign of King Charles rite Second, for making navigable tfie 'iwerr commonly called Brandon (mnkWmenej; So far as the fame I relates to the navigation of the driver commonly called the Leffer 4 Oar, ‘ from Tnetfyrd to Brandon, and from Brandon to a place called the fPfxie Hoofs, near Broaden Ferry jin the Counties of Norfolk ind SujfWk.

Cap. ra. For repairing the road from Crtsferd Bridge, through the town-(hips of	Stretford and Holme,	to die

1 town of Mancbefter, in rite county palatine of Lancaftr.

Cap. 14. For explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty fjrft year of the reign of his prefont ' Majesty, intituled. An act for the relief of tbe annuitants of ihewardens card commonalty of the myfttry of Mercers of tbe city of London, and fir other purpefes therein mentioned. Cap. ry. To enable the parishioners ■'Write parilHof Samt Mary, IJlihg-flbrl t iih : the county of AJjddhftx,

fY*'J *

ing from the eaft end of Brumpitn High Lane in the county of* to the town of Eycbmond, and frorfi thence to and through the towns of AJbrigg and Inglet on in the said county, to the town of Lancajier xti (We county of Lancafter.

Cap. i$. For the better regulation of trials by jury; and for enlarging the time For trials by Ntfi Pruts in the county of M'tddfefex.

Cap. 19. For making the river Nar navigable, from the towri and port of King’s Lynn, to Wejlacre, in the-county of Norfolk.

Cap. 20. For repairing and widening the road from Prejon to Lancaster9 and from thence to a place called Heir ing Syke, that divides the counties of LancaJUr xn&JVejlmoreland.

Cap. 21. For enlarging the term arid powers granted by an aft parted in the third year of the reign of hir present Majesty, for repairing and. amending the several roads leading from Woodfock through Kiddingfon and Enftone to RjoRright Lane, and from inflow Bridge to Kiddingfon aforesaid, in the county of Oxford; and for making the said aft more effcftual.

Cap. 2a. For explaining and amending fo much of an aft parted in the fourteenth year of the reign of bis present Majesty for the repairing and enlarging tbe road* from thq town of Selby, in the weft riding of the county of Tyrk^ to the town of Leeds; and from thence in two several branches* one through Bradford and Horton, and the other 24	through

through Bowling and U'ibfey, to the town of Halifax in the fame riding, as relates to that psprt of th^ftul roads which lies between Selby apd Leeds-, and also for repairing the road from Todeader in the said weft riding, over Burnham Mcor thro’ Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a place called Halton Dyal, where it comes into the abovefaid road, between Selby and Leeds.

Cap. 23. For regulating the commencement of the year; and for correcting the calendar now in ufe. C*P. To provide for the administration of tnegovernmept, in cafe (the crown fhould defeend to any of the children of his late royal high-nefs Frederick prince of Wales, being under the age of eighteen years; and for the care and guardianship, pf their persons.

Cap. 25* For laying out, making, and keeping in repair, a road pro-. per for the paflage of troops and carriages from the city of Car Me, to the town of Neivcajlle upon Tyne. C*JP« 26. For cleaning and enlightening the open places, ftreets, and other paflages, and regulating the nightly watch and bedels, in the „ parilh of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex. Cap. 27. To enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Golden Square, in \ the* parish of Saint James, Weft-. rninjler,	county of Middlesex3

. to make and levy.a rate on them-felves? for raiupg money fufficient . for the better jnclofing, paying, enlightening, adorning of the ‘ said fquare; and lupporring and . keeping pf ftme in repair for " tlijp future.,=fJ

£ap. 28. fprjffiixrlhk the rpad from , the.topjpf Cqrfley lfill in the coun-J‘ ty of Ghuceft'er,. %o Froggy Mill, . through thf towns of Horthleacb,

2	p^es

' ;ii

eAHdnboireugh^DdiiBiddangtd^an^tst fitkL in the parUh of KodHegOau^ bm the*eoun*y aiiOxfpri.; .aadrtdfo the mad from Witney, *W>pgh JhUfav} Oemmtr md Botky, ic thfc.cfcy eC JOxford^ •	■'i'i■ r,i >u'.,y

Cap.ao. Eon repairing'thq roaddead* ing from the town of Ludlow in the xouotyof Salop, through Wafer ten and "Little Hanford, to a place cabled Monk's Bridge, in the said coiMr ty i and also from the said town of < Ludlow, to.a place or houfe called the Maidenhead at Qrleton in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 30. For repairing the high roads leading from Darlington in the countv of Durham, to Weft Auckland^ and fcveral other roads in the faidicouti-ty therein mentioned*

Cap. 31. For explaining, amending, ana enforcing, an a A pafied in the thirteenth year of his latevMpteft/s reign, intituled* An ail for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufafturts tn that part of Great Britain tailed Scotland j and for further regulating and encouraging

the (aid manufactures.

Cap. 32. For enlarging the term,and powers granted by two ads of parliament for repairing the rood from Wendcver, to the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks; and , also for repairing and wideningfehe road leading from the weft end of . the said town of Wendaver, tathe end of a lane called Oak Lane, next the great road called $The Oxford Road, lying between the town of BeconsfiehL, in the laid county of Bucks, and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex, and that part of the (aid great road which leads from the weft end of the said town of Becomfield, to the river Cofae pefr Oxbridge aforesaid. -	r	:

Cap. 33. For enburgirfg thpiermiand . powers granted by an dd^paUed in the fourth year of hisiprtSent Ma-Jefty’* reig^for irpalrfogtherpstds

leading



A 'EAFUE'tf'th# STATUTES. A

hiipig fittalltfsfcdHfoKhdswrart	An act ftr grantftig 4 dttify 'h

ei FkttyLmtj la the parish of Law-	jeflj to be pM by ^tftdWi npdnR-

toot, nUfahonupty-jflalatincofQfyfer,	Mites to be taken 'eat bf Haiti for re*

ta.ienvtonsnzid firom‘thence to	. tailing fp'tritumt:.Invert\ ahd forthe

MtnjbolBru Smdhy,-upon Cramg*	- mCte effectually rfeftraidihg there-

Greenin the laid county and	tailing of diffilled^fpirituohs H-

fbc shUting> the, (»&*& more office- •	quors; and for alfewfftg: * dratw-

idal • si .tii*..* » *.	»	'	,‘T	back upon the exportation of Bri-

Cap. 14. Tor the better prefcrvation'	tifb made fpirits; and that the pa-

of the game in that pan of Great	rifh of Saint Mary It ihthe

jfctnuwcaUed	Scotland,county of	(hail	be	un-

Cap.35. For repairing the high roads	der the infpeCtion of the head office.

in the county of Edinburgh, to and of excife.

from the city of Edinburgh; and Cap. 41. For the more effectual fe-from CrammondBridge to the town	curing the duties upon tobacco,

of J^ucca’j Ferry in the county of Cap. 42. To explain and amend ail Linhtbgho.	aCt pafled in the laft session of par-

^36. 1 'or building a bridge over	liament, ihtituled. An for the

die river Jttobie, between the town-	more	and	of fmall

(hips of Prtfion and Pemuorihm, debts within the city and	of

near arplace called the Fijb-botfe, Westminster, and that part of the ii the-county palatine of Lantafltr.	of Lancafter, which adjoinetb

Cap.* jy. For dividing the pariui of thereto; and for making the laid aft

- Saint Philip and Jacobin the county	more effectual.

of Gltatefer, and in the city ana Cap. 43. For the more effectual pre--oeonty of Brifiel$ and for erecting a	fervation of the turnpike roads in

' thumb tit the Kew intended parith.	that part of Great Britain called

€ap.^8b>For levying a duty of two	England; and for the difpofition of

pennies Scotty or a fixth part of	penalties given by aCls of pariiar

•	jMjennyfterling, on every Scots pint	ment relating to the highways in

-	iof akandbcerwhictf fhallbebrew-	that part of Great Britain called

:~ed.’ for fate, brought into, tapped	and	for	enforcing	the	fear fiald*.within the tows of Greenock,	covery thereof j and for the mere

l and baronies of Eafter and IVeJler	effectual preventing the mifehtefs

-	-Greenoti, ■ and Finnan, and liber-	occafioned by the drivers riding

' < tiexthemof, in the epunty of Ren-	upon carts, drays, cam and wag-

ffnvy for repairing the harbour of • gons, in the city of	and

vshe laid town, and for other pur-. within ten miles thereof.

pofestBeitia mentioned.	Cap. 44. For the rendering juftices

Cap*’39. For the better regulating the	of the peace more fafe in the e?ce-

* - navigation of the river Avon, run-	cution of their office; and for in-

•	sing through the counties of War-	demnifymg conftables, and others,

o wide, Worctfierznd Ghucejlcr; and a Cling in obedience to theit War-

ibr afbenaining the rates of water-	ratits.

T oorriage upon the laid river.	Cap. 45. For the more effectual

Cap-4cL/For granting to his Majcfty . preventing of robberies and thefts an additional duty upon fpirituous	upon any navigable rivers, ports

ii^Darsy iand upon licences for re- of entry or difchargC, wharfs And ■•ii traliq^lhefome p and for repealing keys adjacent;

-t24heaefcpf the twentieth year of his Cap. 46. For repealing the du-lr-arefcni * 11 ajpftyVwjgnj intituled, tics now payable upbn foreign ^nibsal	lipen

 U( 3Qle

A TABLE of the STATUTES/1.

lipeiVyftlQtQ and for granting other duties in Jkiu thereof.

Cap.47. F0r1 granting to hi* Maje-i fty tbeifiwt of fix handled thoa-

j*nd pounds out of the finking fond, fat the  service of the year one thouiand seven hundred and fifty one; and for allowances to the poor widows of commiffion and Warrant officers of the royal navy;

> and for the further appropriating ■ the fopplies granted tins session of . parliament j and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, orders of . loan, or annuity orders, payable at the exchequer in lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt or deftroyed ; - and also for making forth now orders of loan or annuity orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise in-cumbered with alignments or endowments thereon.

Cap. 48. For the abbreviation of Mubaelmas term.

Cap. 49. For allowing further time to the commifiioners appointed by and in purfuance of an aft of the twenty third year of his prefect

-	Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a£i for extending and interning the trade

. to Africa, to inquire intothe claims of certain creditors of the royal African company therein mentioned, and for the relief of David , Crichton; and for reftraining the . said company from difpofing of such of their effefts as are therein

-	mentioned; and for flaying all (hits for money due from or on the ac-

, count of tie said company, for the time therein mentioned.

Cap* 50. To enable his Majesty to , make leafes and copiea of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel.of t hisdutchy of Cornwall, or annexed , to the fame.

Cap- 51- For encouraging the making of pot; e(befcand pearl. afhes in , the Briujh plantations in. America. Cap. 5^4 For continuing several laws

•	therein mentioned*' refitting to fife premiums opon the importation «f

. ntafts, ■ yard* and bOWfptfid, tat, pitch; and tttrpentihe; to BrtRffr made fail cloth, and thedutieSpo^-

•	able on foreign fail cloth; andtotne allowance upon the exportation of Britijh made gunpowder.

Cap. 53. To regulate and reftraih paper bills of credit inhis Majesty’s colonies or plantations of Rhode Ifland and Providence plantation*, Conne&itut, the MaJJaebufets Bay, and New Hampjhire in	;

and to prevent the fame beinglegal tenders in payments of money.

Cap. 54. For explaining, continuing, ana enforcing several laws therein mentioned, more effectually topre-vent the fpreadingof the diftemper which now rages amongftthe homed cattle in this kihgdom.

Cap. 55. For amending and making more effectual a chute in an aft patted in the laft session of parliament, for (he apprehending o# per-fbns in any county or place, vpon warrants granted by juftice* of the peace of any Other county or place.

Cap. 56. Forafcertaining tneadmea-forement of wheat meal, or other com or grain ground* for which a bounty 1$ payable upon exportation; and for making allowances to th	tEaJi India company, for their

Charges and expences m managing, paying, and transferring their reduced annuities.

Cap. 57. To continue several laws therein mentioned; for preventing theft and rapine on'the northern borders of England; for the more efffc&ual punching wicked and evil.difpofed persons going armed in difguift, and doing injuries and violence* to the persons and properties of his Nfajefty’s fabjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the-offenders to juftice; for continuing two chufe* to ‘prevent (he cutting ot tweaking down the banf;

ot



Of the STATUTES.

-hf MyfianeTorifar bgak ;i»adto ifwat: tiy1 mtiltdoy cutting of .top-.buid&V' for the moroeffe&ual puiriftnnent of perfans maliaiotifly fctfrngi.drciftre any mine, pit, or <dctph>ef coal, or canaelcoal; and *•€ paribus unlawfully hunting'or taking any rad or raUow deer in or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other of-Jbris in forefts, chaces or parks; for granting a liberty to carry fu-gass of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty’s hi gar colonies in	, from	the

laid colonies, di redly into foreign parts, in (hips built in Great tain,, and navigated according to law ; for preventing the committing of frauds -by bankrupts; for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval (lores from the Briri/b colonies in jb; and for preventing frauds and abides in the admeasurement of nankin the city and liberty of Weft-mmfUryand to make feme further -prorifasns in relation to thefigping if certificates for the difcharge of

Gap. 58. Fat making, widening,and keeping in repair, fcveral roads in the fevetal pariihes of Lambeth, Hnoimgitn, Skint George’s Seatb-•vrirk and Bermondfey in the county hi-Surrey; and Lnoijbam in the -county

Cap. 59. For enlarging of the terms - and powers, and making more effectual fcveral ads of parliament '-for repairing and amending the .highways leading from	in

‘'the county of Hertford, to transferi 1 Bridge in the county of Hxnting-d*n,(o far as relates to the amending Of that part of she road as lies .tMhttsn.a place, called the ' PojhsnAleenbecryHillintht county mHuntiugdek, andtlffimsford Bridge ..■a the fame county, called

aadtfrat the toUs taken

at Sritrte and'	WaefoM^gtres

may, from andafosrakeftaBVttthe. be lowered; and fop. repairing tho^ road leading from	the&id

county of Hunteetgddn, to

reugbin the county oiNirihaxeptm.

Private A£te*

Anno 24 Ge IT.

1.	An act to diflolve the marriage of

Godfrey Copley efq with Anna Maria Brace, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein- mentioned.

2.	An act to enable Samuel Smith e(quire to take and ufe the (amatne of Hohoertby only, sknd bear the coat armour of Matthew vnrtby efqtiire, deceafed, purfuant to the will of Elizabeth hir widow, also deceafed.

3.	An act to enable John Heath e-fquire, and his heirs male, to take

' and ufe the iumame and arms of Duke, according to the diredionof the laft will and teftameht of Richard Duke efquire, deceafed.

4.	Ah ad for naturalising Jebn Lio-

tprd,Daniel Richard, Daniel rand,Charles Boucher and John Schnely.

5.	An act for naturalizing Cbrifiepher

Jacob Krauter.

ft. Anadforimpowefingthetruftses, named in the fettlement made upon the marriage of Edward Hulfe e(quire, with Hannah his wife, to lay out part of the truft-monies therein mentioned, in the purchafc of reverfionary eftates, as wdt as lands in poflnfion, to be fettled to the ufes of the said marriage fettlement, with power to make leafes thereof, according to the caftom of the country.

7.	An act to enable	,

heretofore called George Fox efquire, and his iflue mate, to take and ufe' the fomame and arm’s • of Lane, purfaant to the wiU of Jams lord ’ vifeount





A TABLE 6f the. STAM/m

ySfaotivitiibaeHjlorougb, in the king.

•. dami ofk lreJawd, deeeafed,. and-for

ainrolliagp the’laid will, andmaking T itho' ettinpli^ekdcmVthereof cvi--eldeace im^l^oouru ^n %tamMaikelaad.

It. An' a$B to i enable Thorns i now called	Thomas	and

the heirs.of his body, to take and life tfaeiiimame and arms of nuwoti.

9i. An adt toenable the moft noble - ^awducbefedowageraf Grtemoiih to grant leafcs of the i grooird,and repairing leafes of the houfes and buildings in the coun-tfxA MvdMeftXy mentioned in the will of John Uteduke of Argyll and Grrtnwhb deceafcd. to. An aftfbr charging divers houfes,

. tenements and hereditaments, in the city of London and county of

- j	Hertfordj.part of the fettled eftate

of lrtihamcarl Cowper, with railing > money towards defraying the ex-pences of rebuilding the said houfes in London, burnt down and deftroy-ed.by fire. • ■

U- An. a&vfor veiling divers lands, tenements and hereditaments. in -thecounty of Gorkt in the king-dom of Ireland, comprized in the marriage-fettbmentof John earl of Egroont, in him and his heirs, dif-charged of the ufes of that fettle-tnent, .and for fettling other lands and hereditaments in the said coun-ty, of greater value, in lien thereof, to the fame ufes.

12.	An adt for the fale of a capital mefliiage at Bromley, and divers mefihages, lands and heredkaments

-	in the counties of Middltfex and

BH5*» late the estate of Sir CherJes Peers, knt. deeeafed, feme time fince onr of the. aldermen, of the city of. tends*,. and for pucchafing another estate to be fettled to the *'ufese£ihia wilL. ..:

13.	An aA.'tn enable JalmPrimrofe

-	nbfim, commonly called lord Dal-,

■made, uHecure-a jtintMM Mary - ebuotufs of Roftbtrry^foitumefooa, and make provtCvonerfot his'Mother andfiftaydut of theenfaded estate late iof Sir ifrch&sM Prtin-roft lstughty deeeafed.. - rum-.o.t An act for veiling tbeoodivided twelfth pan of John Jefoll, -aft infant, in the real estate of Sir Jofeph knight, deeeafed, in trafints, to be fold for the purposes therein mentioned.

15.	An act for file of the estate late of Edmund Pleydell efquire, in Glou-

ctfterjhire,and for laying out the money arifing by such fale, in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufes of his will.

16.	An act to enable Sir William

Maxwell, of Monreitb, barotiet^or other heirs of entail for the titfte being, to fell- lands in the county of Wigtown, for payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.	.

17.	An act for the effedtai fecuring. of a jointure, by way of rdtk-chargc, for Barbara

Eller for ,wi£e.o{ Eaton Mainwaring Ellerktr efquire, and' railing portions for then: younger phiMren, purfpant tp an agreement contained- in their marriage-fettle mem,

. and for confirming andestablishing the fumame of	and the

coat of arms of the EHerfors, Ri/byia the county of York,am& the creft granted by King iiwrykhe Eighth, *to the laid Edton waring Elierier, and hisifiue.

18.	An act for confirming a partition of the estate late of George Gardner efquire, deeeafed, and for fettling and difpofing of the lands belonging to Edward Bul/foode efquire,

on the fad partition, for (lifehanging incumbrances^ and for a pro-vifionfochimfelf, and his wife and children, purfiianttuhi^marriagp-fettfiment. -1 = •	• . a

19^ An act to i&power tho igmtrdfen - ■	• - ■- ■ '■■■• 'hr

&1TA1B1/E rof the ST A T UTE Si

tv gasedsnsj of Tbemn .Homer i dymc,Bninfantt for? the> time obtiagi toirraritBleafee and copyhold n grants of hn cftatcs in tfte county !«''SsMrqfi^during his • minority, according tdtbeulage and cuftom y<& thecoantry, and for other pur* pofes therein-mentioned.

20. Anadfor veiling a mefliiage and lands in Sjrfiik, part of the fettled efiate of .Thomas Moyle efquire, in truftees, in trull to fell the fame, purfuant to. an agreement for that purpofe, and for applying the money arifing by. such (ale, towards the purchafe of-another estate of greater value, to be fettled to the like tiles.

2f. An act for the better effecting the purposes mentioned in the will of -)	JohnA4uhdy late of Richmond in

. the; county of Surrey e(quire, defeated, for the benefit and advan-

-	tags oi '^wen’s College in the uni-verfity of Oxford.

2241-An act to confirm and efta-hlifhan agreement for indofing nanduditiding, several lands ana ^gnoanddln the parilh of tVeltcn in

-	die qpunty of Tori, and for fettling . acycfcuiy mm . on the vicar in lieu of

-	tydnta) iaad-.otber purposes therein ,:mBntawfedj

ArfcndMbr confirming a rtkle s of ■' agtoementfbr indolingand divid-• ing certain commons and wafte . grounds in the parilh of Yatton in ^4he couittyiof SomerfeU 24. An adfor iodofing and dividing the common fields, common pa-flnnes^ common meadows and wafie grounds, inthe manor and parilh .ui'Fdrtbikgfone in the county of Northampton.

. A* »d far confirming articles of

-	agfeepient. for iaclofiog and divid-

-	dig thocommoa Adds, meadows .‘ •nd-Oomnldnien in the manor and

county of

Lincoln, and for rendering the fame ndlmuflQ^iMbei^faD other pnr-j ^ofes therein mentioned.

ah. An-ad for impoweting-Scrtrij-trtas Saunders Sebright baronet,-to indofe Besfond conmxHt in the ceuntyof Udorceftr^vvdixa fating oat and appointing proper road* over the fame; and =fbn charging the said common with a;perpetual - yearly tent, in lieu of drtain rights and privileges claimed by fames Cocks efquire, as lord paramount of the manor of Besford.

27.	An act for confirming articles of agreement for mdofing the common pa fiu re sand common grounds within the manat of Hutton

in the county of York.

28.	An act for veiling for a certain term of Years, in' Michael Menzies efquire, his executors, adminiftra-tors and afiigns, the foie property of a machine, by him invented, for conveying of coals from the

Elaces where they are dog,- to the eaps at the mouths of the pits, and in fome cafes from the heaps to the fiaiths, or places when they are put on board (hips or keels.

29.	An act to enable JVt&am -bourne, formerly called William bourne Taylor, to take and ufe the furnameof LeybmrneonYf, and bear the coat of arms of the family of Leyhoume, purfuant to the will cf his uncle William Leyboumt, <k-ceafed.

30- An act for enabling James Jim, formerly called James ton, and his heirs, to ufe the fur-name, and bear thefamily arms of Langjlen, purfuant to the will of vCJames	Lmgftenh\Fondet	decealed.

34. An act to enable • lately called John	, and the

heirs male of his body, to take the name-and bear the arms of Fenwick only, purfuant to the wills of Robert Fenwick and Nicholas Feu- • wick.	...

32. An act for naturalizing count Stephanies Laurentius	■■■■'•	-	•

33. An ad-foc eftahlifhing anipoa-

firming





A tABLE tf the STAWTBS.

sflitefta eutcredirito Upon ‘1 toit¥fege of Henry'jfNhur earl of <^lPowis, itifa ftarbofa counted of Powis, his wiffe, 1an mfartt, and for ’ the irioreeffe&ually canyftig the *' lime into e^ecfttbn.

34* An aft^or cnabKng the right ho-nonrabte y^fi Thynne, lora Ched-'} ivorth, to kittle a jointure on Martha PWker fpinfter, upon their in-‘ tcr-marriage, and for making pro-vifion for their younger children, and for explaining the will of Sir , Philip Parker Long baronet, deceased, andfor other purpofesthere-in mentioned.

35.	An act for cotrtpleating the fale of the estate lite of Francis Scotty commonly called earl of 'Dalkeith, decerffcd, inf he county of Lincoln; and for applying the money arifing thereby purfuant to an agreement forthatpurpofe; and forimpower-ing the guardians of the heir of the ifiiid late earl, for the time being* to ~ make leafes of ground and buildings in the county df Middleffr, during the minority of such heir. 36* An act for fale of part of the fettled estate of Thomas lord vifeount Ril-Ptorey, for railing money to dif-chaige the incumbrances affefting the lame, prior to his marriage-' fettlement, and for laying out the furplus thereof in the purchafe of otherlands and hereditaments, to ^be fettled to the ufes of the faid

*	* fettlement.

37.	An act for vdftlngthe undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Lficejlor, Stafford and Derby, devifed by the wilhof Sarah Frowde widow, dc-ceafed, in Ralph Blots cleik, in fee-Ihnpley arid'for fettling an entire estate in the county of Siffolk, of

* 'greater value* to the ufds limited by the fame will.

38.	An act for veffing part of the fettted estate of George Barlow e-

*	‘ ‘ inhim andhis hairs, and for

- - fftfttegabotherLparfhiTya.^^ of ■ greater VHlbe,toft» fcdfeufies; except as therein ii exedptpdi'mlku • thereof.	;	*-	"J \	•

39.	An act for fele of1 the eftlftes 4ate

of William Newland eiqdire,de-ceafed, in	GottenaadMca-

ftam in the county df Surrey^ fer

' difcharging incumbrances. •

40.	An act for fale of certain estates iathe county of Stafford, of

pber Wood, efquire, far difcharging incumbrances affefting die fanpe, and for fettling other laadsmlieu thereof.

41.	An act for making and granting

leafes of lands, tenements and mines in the county of Cornwall, comprized in the marriage.fettlement and will of KeUond Courtney efquire, deceaied, during the minority of his iflue claiming under the laid fettlement and will.	;

42.	An act for fellingpart ofthe fettled estate of George Courtmty c-fquire, for difcharging incumbrances affefting the fame, and for enabling him to make a provifion for his wife and children, purfuant to his marriage articles; ••

43.	An act to enable the honourable

' John	Fit% Mfturite, and his iffife,

to take and ufe the forname of Petty, pursuant to this will of the right honourable Henry edH of Shelburne in the kingdom of Inland, deceafed.

44.	An act for enabling RicbardKmg 1 Stubblefield gentleman, ahd his ifttie, to take and ufe the fumame of King.

45.	An act for naturalizing'

Jacob baron d* Soefdyk Van doom, lord of Rhymvick.

46.	Anaftfi»naturaiizingy#W7gf-

h, Stephan	Cogigian John Jacob

ZornHti, and John Adolph -Spent.

Amto2$ Gectgii IIu. .

■Capi 1. Fttrcontinuihgarid granting • *to hifr Maftfty certanvduUeS upon

upalt

TAfcffc p'xtf the fTATU TE/$.

»r.wiw.w4 iwry/or f the yo*r ope tpouumd m^apA fifty Itwv,

. 2. f or punishing mutiny and jctdeffitfwa.and for th* better pay-thearmy and their quar-

Catu.jr-jfor granting an aid to his Majepy bya land-tax to be raised Is^GrW Britain within the space ofone year, from the twenty fifth , day of	March one thoufand	feven

, and fifty two.

Cap. 4. For appointing the deputyor iecondary of the chief clerk to in-. soil pleas in the King's	called	TheMafter ofthe King’s Bench

ifficiy one or the regifters or matters for the inrollmcnt of deeds, wills, t and other conveyances in the county of Middlesex, in the place and ; . nqad of such chief clerk.

(dap. 5. To continue and make more .. effiafljL$al an appalled in. the fecond y^af^pf the reign of his present Majesty,for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Sherd and Her-vj fyf ^JJpright fiaieleading down • Tj Jdagfa^HiU in the county of Wilis], and other ruinous .parts of .,.~4he highways thereunto adjacent. -£yp.	avoiding	and	putting	an

to *n4it0i?prtain dqpbtsand quefiions, ft,relatingthe attention of wills ; , nnd cpdifdsjCpncerningxealefiates, inthatuart of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty’s co-Monies smd plantations in America.

___7r To re<5Lfy a miftake in an

. ,jpalled in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty,

.intituled. An ail fpr explaining and . jmeftfong oa aft pqffedin the twenty prjl ytar tf	bis p Majesty, -

it for th.e relief of the annuitants of the wardens and com -mortalty of the my^ery of Mercers - in die city of	Lo> and for other

purpofea therein mentioned.

'jKptfflBajring^he road lead-on Wroth-

lUu.

m	Heath,to themwfcof#5yflhr*

inthe county of	Kent}and from

thence to the village, of Foot’s -pray in the laid county.

Cap. 9. For. enlarging the term granted by two several a$s of tb» third and ninth years of his late.M^jefty’s reign, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, for the purpofe* therein mentioned; and for difeonttnuing payment of the petty port cufiems there.

Cap. 10. For the more effectual fe-curing mines of black lead from theft and robbery.

Cap. it. To enable thepardhiooers of the parilh of Eaft Greenwich in the county of Kent, to depofit corpfe in the vaults or arches under die church in the said parilh, and to ascertain the fees that lhall be paid . for the fame.

Cap. 12. For repairing and widening the road from the town of minjltr in the county of Wilts* to the city of Bath in the county of Somerjet; and also die road from the town of Frame inthe said county of Samerfet, to the town of Bech-ington inthe fame county; and for repairing the road from Heytejbury to Anftrtw Hill in the .county of Wilts.

Cap. 13. For repairing the road front the town of Cirencefter to the town of Stroud, and that part of

roughHllwhich leads \aDudbriigt\ and also the road leading from Ci-renctjlertowards Biftey,io far.as the bottom of Gulph HtU-, all in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 14. ..To open the port of Lan-eojler for the importation of wool and woollen yarn from Ireland. Cap. 15. To indemnify perfooswho have omitted to quaitiy thcroftlves for offices and employment*; and also persons who hdye omitted to make and file affidavits pf djeexecution



A TABLE df the STATUTES,

cution of articles of clerklhip, within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two a<fts of parliament, for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittenfor, and the mod northern part of Talk on the Hill in Butt Lane in the countv of Stafford.

Cap. 17. For repairingtne road leading from the Green Man in the chapelry of Seend in the county .of Wilts, through Trowbridgetoi place called White Trough in the parilhof Trowbridge in the fame county; and from thence by Road Cburchto Beck-ington in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 18. For repairing the road leading from Long Horjky bar or gate, on the poft road near the town* of Morpeth, by or through Long Ror~ /ley, Weldon Bridge and Whitting-ham, to the river Breami/b, and from thence to Piercfs Crofs in the county of Northumberland*

Cap. 19. To open the port of Great Yarmouth for the importation of wool and woollen yarn from Ireland.

Cap.^o. To obviate doubts that have arifen with regard to theadmiflion of the vaflals of the principality of

^ Scotland, and payment of their rents and duties.

Cap. 21. For repairing the roads from Wallingford in the county of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, and also from Wantage to Idfon in the said county.

Cap. 22. For repairing the roads from the town of Sbrexv/bury, through EUefmere in the county of Salop, and Overton in the county of Flint, to Wrexham in the county of Den-high.

Cap. 23. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the pa-rifhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift in the city of Wejiminjter ; and for cleanfing the

ftreets, and repairing the highways within the (aid parishes.

Cap. 24. For repairing and widening the roads from Tinlmd Hill, to the Round Stone ia Trowbridge ; and * from Flinty Nap, to Weftern Down in the parith of Edington in the county of Wilts; and other roads in the counties of Wilts mi Sotner-fet, leading towards the cities of Brijlol and Bath.

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the (inking fund; and for enabling his Majdty to raife a further sum of money therein also mentioned, by exchequer bills, to be charged on the said . (inking fund, for the  service pf; the year one thouGuid seven hundred and fifty two; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament*

Cap. 26. To redrain the making in-Jurances on foreign (hips bound to or from the Eaft Indies.

Cap. 27. For converting the several annuities therein mentioned, into several joint docks of annuities transferrable at the bank of England to be charged on the finking fund; and also for consolidating the several other annuities therein mentioned, intofeveral joint docks of annuities, transferrable at the South Sea Houfe.

Cap. 28. For repairing the pod road from the city of Edinburgh through the counties of Linlithgow zt\& Ster~ ling, from the Boathoufe Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and fron\ the said town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and alio from Falkirk to Rilfytb, and to Inch Bel-lie Bridge, on the pod road to the city of Glafgow.

Cap. 29. For giving a proper reward to coroners, for the due execution of their office; and for the a-moval of coroners upon a lawful

con-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

convidion for certain miftlemean-ors.

Cap. 30. To amend an ad made in the laft session of parliament, intituled,^ aft for regulating the commencement of the year 1 and for cor-rsGmg the calendar new in fife.

Cap. jr. To continue, explain and amend several laws more effedual-iy to prevent the fpreading of the diftemper which now rages a-roongft the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 32. To allow the importation of gum fenega into this kingdom, from any part of Europe, upon the ; payment of a duty 5 and for relief * of James Guthrie, with refped to the duties paid and fecured upon a - Quantity of tobacco, burnt at the port of Kircudbright; and for giving further time for payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrads of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 33. For repairing the road leading from the town of Motpeth^ by or through Mitford, Threpple, Long Wttton, and by the north fide of Rothley Park wall* to Sting Crofs9 and to the High Crofs in Elfdon in the county of Northumberland.

Cap.34. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the town of Birmingham, and hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 35. For continuing the ad for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations invf-trterica; and alfp for continuing, under certain regulations, fo much of an ad as relates to the Premiums upon the importation of mads, yards and bowfprits, tar, pitch and turpentine.

Cap. 36. For the better preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punilhing persons keeping diforderly houfes,

Vol. XX/

Cap. 37. For better preventing the horrid crime of murder.

Cap. 38. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Saint Albans in the county of Hertford ; and the several towns, parishes, wards, ham-< lets and places within the liberty of Saint Albans.

Cap. 39. To obviate doubts that may arise upon an ad made and paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late ma-jefty King William the Third, intituled, An act to enable his Majejlfs natural born fubjefts to inherit the ejlate of their ancejlors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their father or mother were alienr.

Cap. 40. For the application of a fura of money therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making compenfation and fatisfadion to the royal African company of England, for their charter, lands, forts, caftles, (laves, military (lores, and all other their effeds whatfo-ever; and to veil the lands, forts, caftles, flaves, and military (lores, and all other their effeds, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for other purposes in the ad mentioned.

Cap. 41, For annexing certain forfeited eflates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making fatisfadion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to efiablifh a method of managing the fame; and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands or Scotland; and preventing diforders there for the future.

Cap. 42. To render valid and effectual all contrads and agreements which shall be made by the com-mifiioners or governors of the/oyal hospital for ieamen at Greenwich, for the purchafe of lands, tenements and hereditaments, for the , b	finilhing

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

rfini(hing and completing the flaid bofpitaU and for afeertaining the iqcompence that, shall be made for the fcairie.

Cap. 43. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts in the town ♦ and port of Liverpool, and liber-

<	ties thereof, in the county palatine

<	of Lancafter.

Cap. 44* To explain and amend an pafled in the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a ft to enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York ; and for making the said aft more effe&ual.

Cap.45. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and county of the city of Canter bury, and the liberties and pre-cindts of the fame.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening die road from Alemouth through the town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the town of Hex-bam, and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road, between Aln-, wick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 47. For repairing and widening the road$ from the eaft end of Monk Bridge, near the fuburbs of the city of York, to Niva Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough in the north riding ofthe county of York and also from Spittle-houfe in the eaft riding of the said county, to Scarborough aforesaid.

Cap. 48. For repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (direded to be repaired by an a& pafled in the lad feflion of parliament, from Garlifle to Nevocaflle upon Tyne) near GUnwolt, to another part of the road (fo making from Carlifle to Newcafile) upon Sbildon Common in the county of NorthumberlandL Cap. 49. For repairing the high road from the town of Shrewsbury, thro* Ortjfage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by

Muckley Crvfs, and through ASor-ville, to Bridgnorth inihe $ouety of Salop.	r	J	i.; v

Cap. 50. For repairing the roads from the north end of Mailing Street, near the town of Lewes, to Witch Grofs, and from the north end of Mailing Street aforesaid) to the Broil Park gate; and from Off-ham, to Witch Crofs aforesaid, all lying within the county of Suffix.

Cap. 51. For amending and mating more effeftual several afts for a-mending the roads from the city of London, to Eaft Grinjlead in the county of Suffix; and to the towns of Sutton and Kingston in the county of Surrey; and for more effe&u-ally repairing the road from Newington, through Camberwell in the said county to New Crofs in the county of Kent; and for repairing and widening the road from Camberwell Gneny to the Fox under the Hill in the parifti of Camberwell.

Cap. 5a. For widening and repairing the road from Combebridge in the county of Somerfet, to Bradford in the county of Wilts 5 and from thence through Hilperton y and fo far over AJhton Common, as to join the road which leads from Steeple AJhton to Trowbridge; and alto the road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhill Gate in th$ said county of Wilts*

Cap. 53. For repairing the road, from Knaresborough 'm the county of York, by Longflat Lane, Goulds borough Fields* Flaxby, Allerton, Maulsvtrer and Scale Moor, xpGreen Hammerton in the fame County; and for making the fame a high carriage road*

Cap. 54. For amending the several roads leading from the town of Taunton in the county of Smpfet.

Capv 55. For explaining and amending io much of an a$ pa (fed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefont Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging, the roads from the town of Selby in the weft riding of



A TABLE cf the STATUTES;

th* cboftty of Tbrk, to the town of"* Leads$ tod from thence in two several branches, one through Bradford and Horten, and-' the other 'through Bowling and Wibftj, to the town of Halifax indie feme riding;

/ as relates to that part of the said roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax.

Cdp. jk For repairing the Several roads leading from the town of Bromyard in the county of Hereford, to the Several places called the Halfway	Afbin the parish of Dock-

lew, Herefordjbtre Lake in the parish of	Whitbume, Perry Bridge in

the parish of Stoke Bltfs, leading through the several parishes of Edwin,Ralph, Collington, and the hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey IVeod in the parish of Upper Sapey, Bifinp's ¥roomt,Woofmvood Gate, and fordjbire Lake in the said parish of Bromyard in the counties of Hereford and Wortefler.

Cap. 57. For repairing and widening the road leading from Market Har-foroxgb in the county of Leicefer, through Desbtrougb, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave and Jleti in the county of Northampton; and through Bytbome, and	BlHngton,to the	in the

parifh of Brampton in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. sir \ For repairing; the roads from the town of Leeds* through Harwood* to the fouth weft corner of the indofores of Harrowgate $ and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley* over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbo-rmtgbmd Borougbbridge) to Ripon; and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton Mtor in the county of York; and 'forepairing the doughs or rutts on the faid-moor. flap; 59. For repairing and widening th4 roads leading from Chippenham# *	i»	the coy nty of IVtlis* to

the top of Togg Hill in the county of Qloucejhr% and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the top of Old Scdbury Hill in the Mi county oiGtiuafter. *	^	^

Cap. 60. For repairing and amending the several roads leading from the weft end of Upton Bridge1 in the county of Worcejler* to the parish o(Ttrfey in the county of Glouafter* and to the parish of Cohodll in the county of Herefordf* and to the further fide of a place called The Rid Green in the road to the city of Worcejler, and through a place-called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chace in the said County of Worcejler.

Private Afts.

Anno 25 Georgii II.

1.	An act for enabling George Oxen* den efquire, and his heirs, to ufe the furname, arms and creft of Dixruell* purfuant to the will of Sir Bafil Dixwell baronet, deceafed.

2.	An alt for enabling William duke of Devonjhire* to make provifion for his younger fons, out of his estate in the county of Huntingdon.

3.	An act for supplying certain de-feds and omiflions in a fettlement of the family estates of Peregrine duke of Ancajler and Kejleven, by enabling him to raife portions thereout for his daughters, in the manner therein mentioned.

4.	An act for impowering the truftees of the will of William me marquis of Powis* to make Tales, exchanges, and leafes of divers parts of his e-date, for the purposes therein mentioned, and for making the exemplification of the fame wt-H, and attefted copies of the inrollment thereof, evidence in all courts in Great Britain.

5.	An act to enable theright1 honourable William loud Blaniyre*arwitbe heirs of entail for the time being, to

b2	alienate.



A TABLE of the ST A TUT ES.

alienate, by way of exchange or excambion, certain lands in the conftabulary of Hadington>and (lure, of Edinburgh.

6* An act for confirming a leafe or grant, made by the devifees of the real estate late of the right honour-

_ able Bujfy, late lord Manfel% in the county of Glamorgan, to Rowland Pytt iron-mafter, for certain pur-' pofes therein exprefled.

7.	An act for fale of certain estates in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk^ comprized in the marriage fettle-

. ments of Sir William Harbord baronet, and knight of the moft honourable order of the Bathy and for purchafing other estates to be fettled to the like ufes in lieu thereof.

8.	An act for providing and securing portions and maintenance for the younger fons and daughter of Sir Thomas Heathcote baronet.

9.	An act for vefting divefs manors and lands in the counties of Lan-cajler and Cbejlery devifed by the will of the late Sir John Bland baronet, deceafed, in the present Sir John Bland, in fee-fitnple, dif-charged of the truft of the said will, and for fettling an estate in the county of Yorky in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the fame.

10.	An act for fale of part of the intailed estate of Sir George Mackenzie knight, deceafed, lying in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for purchafing other estates to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11.	An act for vefting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of

. Oxford, devifed by the will and codicil of Nathvicl Bacon efquire, deceafed, in Edward Bacon efquire, in fee-fimple, and for fettling an estate in the county of Norfolk, of greater value, to the ufes limited by the fame will and codicil.

j2. An act to impower the guardians , of William Wyndham efquire, an

infant, to make leafes and copy-hold grants of his eftates, in the manor of Upbaven, and in Lufton and Odcombe in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet, during his minority.

13.	An act for fale of the moiety of the manor of Icombey part of the fettled estate of Richard Hopton efquire, and others, and laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of an entire eftate, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

14.	An act to impower the commit* tee or committees of Thomas South-cote efquire, a lunatick, for the time being, to make leafes and copyhold grants of his eftates, in the counties of Berks, Effex and Surry, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15.	An act for vefting the real estate of William Barnefley efquire, deceafed, in truftees, for the benefit 'oR William Barnefley efquire, his only fon and heir, who is a lunatick; and for railing money to pay the cofts of several fuits and proceedings at law, and in equky, brought for recovery of the said eftate.

16.	An act for vefting the manor of Stepney, and divers lands and hereditaments in the parish of Stepney, in the county of Middlesexy comprized in the marriage fettlement of John Wicker efquire, in him and his heirs, and for fettling lands in the counties of Suffexy Surrey and Kent, in lieu thereof, to the ufes of that fettlement.

17.	An act to impower John Prejlon merchant, to make a jointure on any future marriage.

18.	An act to enable the commiffion-ers for executing the office of trea-furer of his Majesty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with George Whitehead of Brijlol, merchant, and his fureties, John IVbitchead and Thomas Whitehead, a debt due to the crown for customs for tobacco.

19.	An



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

19.	An a ft to diflolve the marriage of Daniel Lafcelles of London* merchant, with Elizabeth Scuthwicke* his now wife, and to enable hitn to marry again, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

20.	An act to diflolve the marriage of Thomas Eenfon gentleman, with Jane Board his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21.	An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manor of Crowland, in the county of Lin-coin* to trufttes, in truft for Thomas Orby Hunter efquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable confide* ration to be paid for the fame.

22.	An act to extinguilh the right of the lord of the manor of Omberfiey* in the county of Worcefier* of keeping a warren for conies on Linall Common* the Birchin Valley,and the Lytb, and for securing to the said lord the rent now paid for the fame; and for annexing and uniting the said Birchin Valley to several ancient copyholds, or cuftomary tenements, within the said manor.

23.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields and common meadows of Narborow* otherwise Narborough* in the county of Lei-eejhr.

24.	An act for confirming articles of agreement, and an award, fof inclofing and dividing certain waftes and commons in the manor of Ridley, in the county of Northumberland*

25.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common part u res, common meadows, common grounds, and warte grounds, in the hamlet of Drayton, within the parith of Daventry, in the county oif Northampton.

26.	An act for eftablilhing and rendering effectual certain articles of

agreement, for the inclofing and dividing the commons and wafte grounds in the town (hips of Snaith* Cowick and Rawcliffe, in the county of York.

27.	An act for inclofing and dividing IVytham on the Hill Infield, in the county of Lincoln, and for fettling a ftipend on the vicar in lieu of

. glebe and tythes.

28.	An act to impower Richard Chandler efquire, and Elizabeth his wife, and their iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Cavendijh.

29.	An act to enable John Cave, now called John Brovme, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Browne.

30.	An act to enable Michael Archer efquire, and his iflue male, to take and ufe the furname of Newton only, and to take and ufe the coat of arms of the family of Newton.

31.	An act for naturalizing Jane Magdalen Robelon.

32.	An act for naturalizing Francis Degen.

33.	An act for naturalizing John Matthias Miller.

34.	An act for naturalizing Frederick JVilliam Commtrell, John Anthony Toopken, and Chrifiian GottliedMo-

fer.

35.	An act for naturalizing Chriftian Samuel Geledneki.

36.	An act for naturalizing Philip Denoycr.

37.	An act for naturalizing James Fremeaux merchant.

38.	An act for naturalizing Andrew Girardot.

39.	An act for naturalizing Peter Au-riol and David Pratviel of London* mercharits.

40.	An act for naturalizing Andrew Annibal Leques*and Frederick Charles Auguftus Blomberg.

41.	An act for naturalizing Johan Meybohtn.

The End of tie TABLE.







THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

I

Annovicejimo tertio GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747", in the twenty first year of the reign of our fovereign Lord George the Second\ by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faiths &c. And from thence continued by federal prorogations to the fx-teentbday ^/’November, 1749, being the third fejjion of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An aB for reducing the several annuities, which now carry on inter eft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to the several rates of interest therein mentioned.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS there is now due and owing from thepublick% to the proprietors of certain annuities payable at the receipt ef bis Majefifs exchequer, the sum of three hundred and twelve thou-fond pounds, and to the corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, in their own rights the sum of eight millions four hundred eighty fix thousand eight hundred pounds j and to the proprietors of certain annuities transferrable there, the sum of eighteen millions four hundred two thousand four hundred feventy two pounds, end ten pence; and to the corporation of the united company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, the sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and also to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the JiJbsry, commonly called the South Sea Company, in their own right, and for the ufe and benefit of the proprietors of the annuities, commonly called the Old Sooth Sea Annuities, and New South Sea Annuities, the sum of twenty seven millions three hundred two thousand two hundred three pounds, five Jhillings, and fix pence halfpenny: all which said several and refpeftive principal fums do amount in the whole to the sum of fifty seven millions seven hundred three thousand four hundred feventy five pounds fix fhillings, and four pence halfpenny, and are attended Vol. XX.	B	with



Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. ir [1750.

with annuities, or an interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament: and whereas your ma-jejly hath'been pleafed, by your moflgracious fpeech to both houfesaf-Jembled in parliament, to recommend to your dutiful and faithful commons of Great Britain, to be watchful to improve any opportunity of putting the national debt in a method of being reduced, with a Jlrih regard to publick faith and private property; and your said dutiful and loyal commons being truly fenfeble, that nothing can Jo effectually contribute to make the trade of this kingdom fiourijb, and render your Mojejly s reign glorious to pojierity, as the lejfening the publick debts and incumbrances, confifient with jujlice and publick faiths have re-fohed, that any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interefled in, or intitled unto, any part of the national debt redeemable by law, incurred before Michaelmas one thoufandfeven hundred and forty nine, which now carries an interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and who Jhall, on or before the twenty eighth day ^February, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, fubfcribe their names, or fignify their confent to accept of an interejl of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, Jubjeft to the fame provifoes, notices, and claufes of redemption, which their refpefiive four per cents are now liable to, Jhall in lieu of their present interejl be in-titled unto, and receive an interejl of four pounds per centum per annum till the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty *, anafrom and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an interejl of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, until thefaid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufandfeven hundred and fifty feven; and no part of the fame, except what is due to the Eaft India company, Jhall be liable to be redeemed till after the said twenty fifth day ^/December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven \ and that all executors, adminijlrators, guardians, and trufiees, may fubfcribe andfignify fufh confent for the Jevcral parts of the said debt, for the holding of which their names are made ufe of refpeftively; and that all duties, revenues, and incomes which now Jland appropriated to the payment of the said interejl of four pounds per centum per annum rejpeftively, Jhall continue, and be appropriated and applied to the payment of the refpeRive interejl of four pounds per centum per annum, three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, in the fame manner as the fame now Jland appropriated to the payment of the said four pounds per centum per annum ; and that the J'urpluJJ'es of the said funds, after the Jaid twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, Jhall be made part of the Sinking fund, and applied in the Jame manner as the furplujfes of the said funds are flow applicable; and also that books be opened at the receipt of his Majcjlys exchequer, at the bank of England, and South Sea houfe, for receiving the said fub-feriptions or confent: they-therefore do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it maybe ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of



*75°J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. i.	3

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who now Perfonsinte-or hereafter may be interefted in, or intitled unto, any part of refted in the the said national debt redeemable by law, incurred before Mi-cbaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, amount- 703,475 U° ing in the whole to the sum of fifty seven millions seven hun- 6s!Vd iq.’ dred three thousand four hundred feventy five pounds, fix fhil- which now lings and four pence halfpenny, which now carries an interest ^dfof ° jn" after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and who have patent.4 * or /hall, on or before the said twenty eighth day of February, one who Thai! con-thoufand seven hundred and forty nine, fublcribe their names tent to accept or fignify their confent, to accept of an interest of three pounds percent. per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth , 7°5™ ^lUe-dayof December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, ceive 41. per fubject to the fame provifoes, notices, and claufes of redemp- cent, until tion, which their refpedttve four per cents are now liable to, 15Pcf' I75°* (hall, in lieu of their present interest be intitled unto, and re- pgr c3ent| ceive an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, until the ,5 Dec. 1757. said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred i3Geo.2. c.»a. and fifty; and from and after the said twenty fifth day of Z)r-Mmber, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an interest of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven; and no part of the fame, except what is due to the Eajl India company, shall be liable to be redeemed till after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty (even.

si. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That tj,c the several annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, now nuities made payable in refpedfc of the said principal fum of fifty seven milli- payable and ons seven hundred three thousand four hundrea feventy five pounds, fix (hillings, and four pence halfpenny, to the proprie- JJIanne/as^he tors thereof, and by this adt continued to them until the said present annui-twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and tics, fifty, as also the several and refpedhve reduced annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, by this a<5t made payable in lieu thereof, from the refpedtive days therein mentioned, shall during the refpedtive continuances thereof, be paid and payable to the refpedfive persons and corporations intitled thereunto, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, at the fame refpedtive offices and places, and out of the fame duties, revenues, and incomes, and at such time or times, and shall be aftignable, transferrable, and difpofeable, in the fame manner and form, as the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, are now payable, aftignable, transferrable, and difpofeable, by the re/peftive adts or ftatutes now in force, for or concerning the feme, and as if this present adt had never been made, fubjedt^*^® rc~ nevertheless to redemption by parliament, from the said twenty afwV^Dec. fifth day oi December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty 1757.

B 2

feven,



4	Anno	vicefimo	terti#	GeoAgii	II.	c.	iJ	[17 50.

feven, in manner herein after-mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notyrithftahding.

III.	And whereas books have been already opened inpurfuance of a refolution of the commons of Great Britain, in this session of parliament > in the office of the auditor of the receipt of bis Majejlfs exchequer at Westminster, and also at the refpeflive offices of the governor and company of the bank $/* England, and of the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and for encouraging the fijhery, commonly called the South Sea Company, for taking in the fubfcript'ntns, or receiving the confents of such persons or corporations, as now are, or Jhall be, interejled in, or intitled unto, any part of the said annuities or interejls, after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, who are willing to accept of an annuity of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, in lieu thereof from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day ^/December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day 0/December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, in such manner as bath already been, or hereafter Jhall be directed in that behalf: and whereas in purfuance of the said refold tion, notices have already been affixed in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer,and in other the publick offices aforesaid, and at the Royal Exchange 0/*London, and also publijhea in /^London Gazette, that the book or books for taking in the said fubferip-tions, or receiving the said confents, were laid open at the said receipt of exchequer, and in other the publick offices aforesaid, to the end the * proprietors of the said annuities, after the said rate of four powtds per centum per annum, might be apprized thereof and make their fubferiptions, or give their confents, in the said refpeClive book or book s,, under a proper preface to be prepared for that purpofe, by fub-feribing their refpeflive Jums, names, and places of abode, with his, her, or their refpeftive proper additions: and whereas it may fo happen, that notwithfanding the said several notices, many of the persons or corporations intitled to the said annuities or interejls, after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, may hitherto have omitted to make such fubferiptions, or give their confents in the said books, in the manner before-mentioned; be it therefore enacted by Books to be the authority aforesaid, That the said several and refpedtive open at the books shall conftantly be opened at the said receipt of exche-exchequer, quer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, for that purpose Feb!*! 4 for cvery daY> Sundays only excepted, until the said twenty eighth fubfcnjnions day °f February, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, of the 4I. per inclufive, and no longer; fubjecSb never thelefs to such further cent.	dire&ions, with refped to the taking in or receiving such fub-

c^a\3 Ge°* *’ feriptions or confents from the proprietors of the said annuities # **'	of four pounds per centum per annum, as shall or may be given

by the commiffioners of the treafury or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, for the benefit and advantage of the publick; and it shall and may be

lawful

*7$°J	Anno vicefimo tertteGEORGii II. c. i.	5

lawful to and for the proprietors of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, or such person or persons, as he,

(he, or they shall refpe<5lively authorize and impower by writing in that behalf, to fubfcribe or confent for them, in manner aforesaid, to have free accefs to the said several books, at all feafonable hours, and they have hereby power to make their fubfcriptions, or give their confents therein, for the whole fum or Aims due to them, or any of them, according to this adt, without any fee or charge whatsoever ; and the several and re-fpe&ive officers of the said receipt'of exchequer, and of other the publick offices aforesaid, appointed or to be appointed to take in such fubfcriptions, or receive futh confents, as aforesaid, fhall, during the time aforesaid, conftantly attend at the said re-fpe&ive offices for that purpofe, at such hours as bufinefs is ufu-.aJJy tranfadled at the said several and refpedtive publick offices.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. Annuities fe-That all and every person and persons, bodies politick or cor-porate, who.have or fhall, on or before the said twenty eighth lu n 1 day of February, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, have fubfcribed, or given their confent in the book or books a-forefaid, to accept of an interest or annuity after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum^ from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven; and of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annumy to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, in lieu of their present annuities of four pounds per centum per annumy shall have, receive, and enjoy, and they are hereby declared to be intitled to an annuity of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the laid twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven; and to an annuity of three pounds per centum per annunty from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, redeemable by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned; and the said annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, and the principal or capital for which the fame shall be payable, are hereby declared, and shall be adjudged, taken, and accepted in conftruftion of law, and in all courts of law and equity whatsoever, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to be a perfonal and not a realeftate, and perfonal •ftate, shall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the person or persons dying poflefled thereof, interefted therein, or intitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of such person or persons; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said annuities mall be free from all taxes, charges, frce from and impofitions whatsoever, in the fame manner as they now taxes, are.

V.	And it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and Executors,

B 3	may

See. impower-ed to Tub-* (cribe.

Treafury to defray the charges.

Anno vicefimo tertioGeorgii II. C. i; [1750

may be lawful for all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truf-tees, committees of the estates of ideots of lunaticks, and the accomptant general of the court of chancery, and the deputy remembrancer of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, to make, or caufe to be made, fubferiptions in the said book or books, fig-nifying their confent to accept an interest or annuity of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, from the (aid twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth dav of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, aha of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, for and on the behalf of their refpedive teftators, infants, minors, femes covert, ideots, or lunaticks, and the fuitors of the court of chancery, and of the said court of exchequer, and others, for whom they are or shall be refpedivcly entrufted ; and such executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees, committees, and accomptant general, and deputy remembrancer, are, and shall be, by virtue of this ad, indemnified in and for doing the fame.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, .That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall have power, and they are nereby authorized, out of any money remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of cr for the duties, revenues, and incomes appropriated for the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this ad, in relation to the taking in such fubferiptions, or receiving such confents as aforesaid, and to defray all such incident charges, as shall neceflarily attend the (execution of the said ad, in such manner as to them shall feem juft and reafonabje.

The funds VII. And it is hereby also enaded by the authority aforesaid, to*he reduced That.a11 the d“ties> revenues, and incomes which are now ap-intereflT UCe propriated, fubjed, or applicable to the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be fubjed and liable to the payment of such of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, as /hall not be fubferibed, in cafe any shall be unfubferibed, and also of the fpid reduced annuities of three pounds ten (hillings, and three pounds per centum per annum, in the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as the fame were liable and fubjed to the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum 5 and all the monies coming into the exchequer, of or for the several duties, revenues, and incomes, appropriated, fubjed, or liable to the payment of the said unfubferibed annuities and of the said reduced annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum,

which

and the fur-plus as before.



1750.] Anno vicefimo tertlo GeoRGH II. C. 2,~6.

which shall be more than fuffident to anfwer and pay the said refpeftive annuities, (hall, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be applied to the fame ufes, intents, and purposes, and in the fame manner, as the several furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies of the said duties, revenues, and incomes are now applicable.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- Claufe of 1 rity aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty fifth day of demPtl0n* December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, the said reduced annuities of three pounds per centum per annum, shall and may be redeemed by parliament, upon giving the said notices, and making the fame payments of principal money at a time to fu h perlons or corporations as now are, or hereafter shall be, intitled to the said annuities, and of all arrearages of the said annuities, as are dire<5led to be given and made by the several and refpeftive afts, by which the said several annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum9 were made payable, and from and after payment of any such principal money,, to the said persons or corporations, as are or shall be intitled to the fame, a proportional part of the said annuities shall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; any thing in this or any former aft or aftsof parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty. EXP. At 3/. in the pound.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafted in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchefter in the county of Lancafter, through the town of Afhton under Line, and parish of Mot-tram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county pa<-latine of Chefter.

The 08 5 Geo. a. e. 10. continued for si years.

cap. vr.

An aCl	for	repairing, improving.,and maintaining the haven

and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable the several rivers emptying felves into the said haven •, and also for preferving Jhips, wintering therein, from accidents by fire.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of bis pre- M qco_ font Majefifs reign, intituled,An a£t to revive, continue, c. 40. '

B4	and



Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 6.	[1750.

and amend an a& made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First (intituled. An act for clearings depthtmng, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth ; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves at the said town; and also for preferving Jhips, wintering in the said haven, from accidents by fire) the several duties, granted by the said aft made in the ninth year of his said late Majestys reign, for the pur-pofes therein mentioned, were revived ana made payable, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, for and during the term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefjion of parliament: and whereas the said duties , revived and made payable as aforesaid, have not been fujficient for the effectual reparation and improvement of the said haven and piers, which (notwithflanding very great fums of money have already been expended in and about the fame) have of late been, and fill continue in fo bad a condition, that the fame willy unless fome further and more effectual provifion be made by parliament for the preferva-tion thereof \ in a Jhort time fall into irreparable decay, and the harbour, fo beneficial to the trade and navigation of this kingdom, become inaccejfme: therefore for preferving to the inhabitants of the said borough, and of the adjacent countieSy the benefit of the said haven and piers 5 and to the end that the said haven, which is of fo great importance to the trade of thefe kingdoms in general, may be cleared and depthened, and the said piers repaired, extended, altered, improved, and maintained; and that the jettee on the north fide of ^ the said haven may be repaired and preferved, and timber, and other materials for thofe purposes, provided from time to time, as occafrn Jhall require \ and that the channel of that part of the river Yare called Braidon, leading from Great Yarmouth to the city ^Norwich, and fo much of the river Wenfon, commonly called Yare, as lies between the new mills in Norwich and Hardly Crofs in Hardly, in the county 0/Norfolk, and also the river Waveney, and also the riyer Burt, commonly called the^ North River (which said rivers empty themselves into the said haven) may be depthened and made more navigable for boats and keels ufually pajfing upon the fame, and that the bridge and publick keys belonging to the said town, may be repaired j may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled, &c.

From the 15th of March, 1750. the duties payable by the said a£t shall ceafej and there shall be paid for 21 years, and to the end of the next feflion, by every matter of a (hip, which shall unlade within the haven, or in Yarmouth Road, from the touth part of Scratby, to the north part of Corton, for every chaldron of coals, laft of wheat, or other grain, and weigh of fait, and for every ton of other goods (fifli excepted) <uiz. for 7 years is. 6d. and for the remainder of the 21 years. &c. 10 d. or such greater fum, as the commifttoners shall order, not exceeding 12 d. Collectors to pay over the monies to the chamberlain. Salary allowed them of 6d. in the pound. Corporation to be anfwerable for all monies received ; and impowered to call the collectors and chamberlains to account ; and to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale 5 and where no diftrett can be had, to commit the party. Twelve commifiioners to be nominated annually: three by the corporation of Yarmouth, three by the corporation



9

* 75°*J Anno vicefimo tertlo Georgii II. c. 7,—9.'

poradon of Norwich, three by the joftices .of Norfolk, and three by the )u(tices of Suffolk. Proportion in which the duties are to be applied, id- xq. towards deanfing the river Yare, &c. and the expence of a cora-miffion of (ewers. xq. towards cleanfing the north river, &c. and the expen-ces of a commiffion of Iewers. xq. towards clearing the river Waveney, and the expences of a commiflion of iewers. x q. towards repairing the bridge, and publick keys. Other 3 d. in the following proportions: 2 q. towards clearing the river Bure; 2d. 2q. towards clearing the river Yare. The * laft mentioned 3d. not be raifea unless neceflary, and notice be given by the commiflioners to the mayor. 4-d. to be applied for 7 years in clearing the haven. Sec. If the said fum shall not be fufiicient, the commiflio-ners impowered to order a further part of the reiidue of the duties to be applied towards clearing the haven. Not to be applied in erefting new works. Sec. 8 d. to be applied for 7 years in extending the haven, and erefting new,works. Commiflioners to appoint a committee of 12 inhabitants, who are to infpeft the works, Sec. The duty of 8d. to ceafe upon certificate of the works being compleated. Upon determination of tne duty of 8d. ^d. is to be applied towards clearing the haven, Sec. If *d. shall not be found fufiicient, the commiflioners to direft a further fum of 2d. to be raifed. If the commiflioners shall not audit the accounts yearly, the corporation is impowered to examine the fame. No fhip to be cleared at the cuftom-boufe till payment of the duties. Fifh oil, See. exempted from payment of the duties. On re-exportation of goods, the duties to be repaid. Penalty on throwing ballatt, Sec. into the haven. The mayor to appoint a nightly watch. Veflels wintering to pay xq. per ton, towards the watch. Penalty of 10 s. on fuffering fire or lighted candle in (hips wintering in the haven. Watch impowered to go on board to extinguifh lights. No veflel to be moored with her fide towards the key for longer than one tide, &c.

cap. vn.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two former afts of parliament for repairing, widening, and amending the roads from Wigan to Prefton in the county palatine of Lancafttr; and for making the said afts more effeftual.

The aCts 13 Geo. 1. c. 10. and 20 Gee. 2. e. 8. continued for 11 years.

cap. vm.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by twa afts of parliament, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, and the great poft road from Morter Pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicefter; and for explaining and making more effeftual the said afts; and also for repairing the roads leading from Morter PittHill and BramptonBridge to the town of Northampton.

The afts 8 Geo. 1. c. 13. and 12 Geo. 2. c* 35. continued for 21 years.

CAP. IX.

An aCl for repealing the duties now payable upon China raw ftlky and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

WHEREAS the duties now payable upon raw fit imported from China are a great difeouragement to the importation . thereof: and whereas a conflant and plentiful supply of that valuable commodity to be manufactured in this kingdom will be a publick bene-fit, and greatly contribute to the increafe and improvement of the filk manufactures: therefore we, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyaf fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, being defirous to promote and encourage the manufactures of this kingdom, do

molt



io	Anno	vicefimo tertlo Georgii II. c. io. [1750;

moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth The present <jay 0f June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the several on^mporta- ra*es> duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, now payable upon the tion of raw	importation of raw (ilk of the growth or produce of China, by

filk from	virtue of several ads of parliament now in force, shall ceafe, de-

China to ceafe. termine, and be no longer paid.

Raw filk from II- And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That China to pay from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, all raw filk ties aSTraw* ^mPorte from China into this kingdom by the united company filk of Iuly. °f Merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies, or by any licence from the said company, (hall, in lieu of the said rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by this ad repealed, as a-forefaid, be charged with and pay the fame rates, duties, fub-iidies, and impofitions, as are now charged upon, and payable for, raw (ilk of the growth or produce of Italy ; which said rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by this ad granted, shall be paid by the said united Eaft-India company, at the fame times, and in the fame manner, as the several rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by this ad repealed, as aforesaid, have been paid.

The manner HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, oNevyingand That the several rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by application of this ad granted, shall be raifed, levied, colleded, paid and ap-ie uties. p]ied5 in such manner, and for the fame purposes, as the said several rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by this ad repealed, as aforesaid, arc now rcfpedivcly raifed, levied, cohered, paid, and applied; and all the provifions of or in any adf or law now in force forraifing, levying* colleding, paying, and applying the rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions hereby repealed, as aforesaid, shall be in full force, and shall be put in execution for raifing, levying, colleding, paying, and applying the rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofitions, by this ad granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said provifions were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this present ad.

Raw filk from IV. And be it further enaded and declared by the authority China, to be aforesaid. That all raw filk of the growth or produce of Chinay allowed the imported after the twenty fourth day of June, (hall, upon the back ^ exportation thereof from this kingdom, be intitled to and receive the fame drawbacks and allowances only, as are now by law direded to be paid upon the exportation of raw filk of the growth or produce of Italy; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad pafled in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing tke road

leading

II

i 750.]	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 11.

leading from tie town of Fulham in the county of Middlesext through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammerfmitb in the said county.

'The ati^Geo. s. c. 34 continuedfor %iyears.

CAP. XL

An act to render profecutions for perjury, andfubornation of perjuryy more eafy and effeftual.

WHEREAS by reason of difficulties attending profecutions for perjury, and fubornation of perjury? thofe heinous crimes have frequently gone unpumfbedy whereby wicked and evil-difpofed persons are daily more and more emboldened to commit the feme, to the great difhonour of Gody and manifejl let and hindrance of juflice; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent ma-jefty, "oy and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every information or indidtment to be profecuted against any person for wilful What ffiall be and corrupt perjury* it shall be fufficient to let forth the fub-fuffiricnt ftance of the offence charged upon the defendant, and by what court, or before whom the oath was taken (averring such court ** or person or persons, to have a competent authority to adminif-ter the fame) together with the proper averment or averments tofalfify the matter or matters wherein the perjury or perjuries is or are affigned; without fetting forth the bill, anfwer, information, indidfment, declaration, or any part of any record or proceeding either in law or equity, other than as aforesaid; and without fetting forth the commiflion or authority of the court, or person or persons before whom the perjury was committed; any law,ufage, or cuftomtothe contrary notwithftand-ing.

II.	And beit further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That Informat.on^ in every information or indidlmcnt for fubornation of perjury, $cc. for fubor-or for corrupt bargaining or contradhng with others to commit nation of per-wilful and corrupt perjury, it shall be fufficient to fet forth thei,jry« fubftance of the offence charged upon the defendant, without fetting forth the bill, anfwer, information, indidlment, declaration, or any part of any record or proceeding, either in law or equity, ana without fetting forth the commiflion or authority of the court, or person or persons before whom the perjury was committed, or was agreed or promifed to be committed; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And the better to prevent great offenders from efcaping punilhment by reason of the expence attending such profecutions 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it Juftice« of af-lhall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty’i juftices 5fCe^C‘ ™a/ of affize, or Niftpriusy or general gaol delivery, or of any orations™ ** the great feflions of the principality of Wales, or of the counties against per-palatine ; and they are hereby authorized (fitting the court, or fonsexamined within twenty four hours after) to diredt any person examined M°rc r as a witness upon any trial before him or them, to be profecuted	y	0

for the said offence of perjury, in cafe there shall appear to him F

%r

 LjC e

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 12;	[1750.

or them a reafonahle caufe for such profecution, and that it shall appear to him or them proper fo to do ; and to affign the party and affign the injured, or other person undertaking such profecution, council, profccutor wh0 ^ajj ancj are hereby required to do their duty without any counci. feCj gratuity, or reward for the fame: and every such profecu-The profecu- tion, fo dire6ted as aforesaid, shall be carried on without pay-

ried with-* ment any tax or ^uty» anc* wlt^out payment of any fees in out fees. court, or to any officer of the court, who might otherwise claim Th 1 lc r or demand ^ie fame > anc^ ^le c*er^ °f a^,ze> or his aflociate or afli^tc^give Prothonotary, or other proper officer of the court (who shall be the profecutor attending when such profecution is directed,) shall and is hereby a certificate, required, without any fee or reward, to give the party injured, or other person undertaking such profecution, a certificateof the fame being dire&ed, together with the names of the council af-figned him by the court; which certificate shall in all cafes be deemed fufficient proof of such profecution having been directed as aforesaid, provided that no such direction or certificate shall be given in evidence upon any trial to be had against any person upon a profecution fo directed as aforesaid.

CAP. XII.

yin aCl for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancafter in the county palatine of Lan-caller.

WHERE A S the town of Lancafter, in the county palatine of Lancafter, from its great andextenfwe commerce to the Weft Indies, and other foreign parts, is now become a very conftderable port; and has for fome time pajl employed and maintained great numbers of Jhips, mariners, and feamen, to the great advancement of the revenue, and the improvement of the trade and navigation of this kingdom: and whereas the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune, is become very difficult and dangerous; and the only place near the Jaid town where Jhips can be moored and discharged, is by reason of the Jhoals, and other objlruttions in the foil of the Jfaid river, become very unfit and unfafe for that purpoje: infomuch that many Jhips and veffels fiationed there, have been overfet and damaged? to the great lofs of the owners and freighters thereof refpe&ively : and whereas it is conceived to be highly necejfary for the benefit and improvement of the said navigation, that a quay or wharf with other convenienties, Jhould be built and crewed on the feutb wefi fide of the said river, and that buoys Jhould be placed at the entrance into the said river, and other parts thereof and land marks ereCled? for guiding and directing Jhips and veJJ'els to and from the said town ; and that a place of fafety Jhould be made for the harbouring and protection of the Jhipping at or near the mouth of the said river > which would tend not only to the preservation and Jecurity of Jbips trading to and from the said town, but also of his Mayfly's Jhips of war, and other vtffels? that Jhould put in there byfirefs of weather, or otbenvife; and whereas the reverend James Fenton doClor of laws, vicar of the parijb

church





1750J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. i2i	13

church of Lancafter, and in the diocefe of Chefter, is itt right of the [aid church feifed of and in divers parcels of land and ground herein after-mentioned and deferibed, which are very commodioufly and conveniently fituatedfor the purposes afore-mentioned \ and the right reverend Samuel lord bijhop of Chefter, the ordinary, Edward Mar-ton efquire, the patron or owner of the advowfon of the vicarage of the Jaid churchy and the said James Fenton, the present incumbent thereof have respectively conjented and agreedy that the said pieces or parcels of ground Jball be convertedy appltedy and difpofed ofy for the purposes herein after-mentioned; but under, and fubjccl to the rents% refervationsy proviftonSy and rejlriftions herein after exprcjfedy pro• videdy and declared: wherefore for the promoting, carrying on, and effecting a defign fo beneficial for the town of Lancastery and fo conducive to the increafe of trade and navigation, and the good of the publick ; may it please your most excellent Ma-jefty, that it may be enacted, £5c.

Certain parcels of lands veiled in truftees, for the purposes of this aCt.

The vicar of the parilh to be paid thereout an annual rent of 141. 14s. by auarterly payments. The lands to be employed as a wharf, &c. Upon the death of any truftee, another to be cliofen, &c. Conveyance of the premiiTes to be made to the new truftee. The truftees to l'eparate the lands veiled in theirt from the other parts of the vicarage lands by a ftone wall; and to make a refervoir of water, See. and in cale of any overflow, to divert the waters into the Loyne, &C. Occupiers of the vicarage lands impowered to take land along the Summer-Patture, and to drive their cattle to and from water. The ways to be appointed by the truftees, or on their negleCt, by the vicar. The vicar to have the herbage until the divi-fion wall be built. No way. See. to be made through the wall, without content of the vicar. Commiflioners appointed to execute this aCt to May,

1755. Upon the death of any commiflioner another to be elected. Merchants, See. to meet every third year, and nominate 16 inhabitants to be joint commiflioners, who are impowered to build a quay, See. and to let tbe fame j and to ereCt piers at the mouth of the river, See. Duties granted on veflels coming into or going out of the port for the term of i\ years. No veflel to pay inwards and outwards tor the fame voyage.

One moiety of the duties only to ceale after years. No veflel to be cleared at the cuftom-houfe without a certificate of payment of the duties. Commiflioners impowered to make by-laws, See. and to contract for the works; and to borrow 2000I. on the duties. Collectors books of receipts and payments, to be produced at the quarter feflions. Commiflioners to appoint collectors, and to allow them not exceeding is. in the pound. Commiflioners to meet twice in the year, and audite all accounts, and may remove collectors, &c. Commiflioners to appoint a person who lhall order the mooring, &c. of Ihips. Twenty drillings penalty on throwing rubbifli, See. into the river.

SCHEDULE of the duties.

FOR every Ihip coming in or going out of the port of Lancafter, and trading to or from any place in Europe, within tne ^freights $ or in Africa, America, or Greenland, is. per ton.

For every Ihip trading to or from any foreign port in E* ope, 8d. per too.

For .every Ihip trading to or from any place in Great Britain fouth of Roily Head, or north of the Mull of Galloway, 6d. per ton.

For every (hip trading to or from any place in Ireland, or the J(le of Man, 4d. per ton.

For every (hip trading to or from any place in Great Britain north of Holly Head, or fouth oi the Mull of Galloway, ad. per ton.

And



*4	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Georgii II. c. 13.	[1750.

And for every fliip coming in bailaft into the river Loyne, and not lading, or unlading, for every ton one fourth part of the duties»

CAP. XIII.

An all for the effectualpunifhing of persons convitted offe-ducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain •, and to prevent the exportation of utenfils made ufc of in the woollen and filk manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland* into foreignparts •, and for the more eafy and fpeedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cafes, by an alt made in the laft fejfion of parliament, relating to persons employed in the several manufactures therein men-tioned.

5 Geo.i 4 c. 27. \\7 HEREAS/jytffljtf mode in the fifth year of the reign of his V V late majejly King George the Firji, intituled, An a<5t to prevent the inconvenienciesarifingfrom feducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain, into foreign parts ; it is amongjl other things enacted, That if any person or persons Jhall contract with, entice, endeavour to perfuade, or felicit any manufacturer or artificer of or in woolly iron,Jleel, brajs, or any other metal, clock-maker, watchmaker, or any other artificer or manufacturer of Great Britain, to go out of this kingdom, into any foreign country out of his Majesty s dominions, and Jhall be lawfully convicted thereof in the manner prsf cribed by the said ad ; the person and persons Jo convict, Jhall be fined any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds forfuch firfi offence, according to the diferetion of the court, in which such conviction Jhall be, and Jhall be imprifoned for the Jpace of three months, and until such fine Jhall be paid; and if any person or persons having been once convict as aforesaid, Jhall offend again, and be fo convict a fecond time of the like offence, then, and in such cafe, the person fo convict a fecond time Jhall be fined at the diferetion of the court, where such conviction /hall be, and Jhall be imprifoned for twelve months, and untilJuch fine Jhall be paid: and whereas, notwithfianding the penalties to which offenders againjl the said aCt are thereby fubjeCted, divers wicked and evil difpofed persons have of late feduced into foreign parts fever al artificers in the woollen and other manufactures: and it is therefore become ne-ceffary to make fome further and more effectualprovifion, to deter such persons from committing the said offences, fo dejlruCtive to the trade of this kingdom : therefore for preventing the said pernicious practices for the future, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said aCt, be it enaCted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Pcrfons con- liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if vitted of fe at any time after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand ccrs^n the**" seven hundred and fifty,any person or persons shall contract with, manufactures entice, perfuade, or endeavour to perfuade, folicit, or feduce ot Great Bri- any manufacturer, workman, or artificer of or in wocll, mohair.



j75°-T Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 13*	15

hair, cotton, or filk, or of or in any manufactures made up of tain or Ire-wooU, mohair, cotton, or filk, or any of thcfaid materials m*x" t^edondnion« ed one with another, or of or in iron, decl, brafs, or any other Great Bri-

Sietal, or any clock-maker, watch-maker, or any other manu-tain,

(Surer, workman, or artificer of or in any other of the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland^ of what nature or kind fo-ever, to go out of this kingdom, or out of the kingdom of lre-land, into any foreign country, not within the dominions of or belonging to the crown of Great Britain ; and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, upon any indictment or information to be preferred or brought against him, her, or them, in his Majef-ly’scourt of King’s Bench at JVcJhninJier, or by indictment at the afllzes or general gaol delivery for the county, riding, or divi-fion, wherein such offence shall be committed (if such offence,

(hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England) or by indictment in the court of judiciary, or any of the circuit courts in Scotland (if such offence shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland) or by indictment or information in his Majesty’s court of King's Bench at Dublin (if such offence shall be committed in Ireland) the person or persons fo convicted, (hall, for every artificer, workman, or manufacturer, fo by him, her, or them, refpeCtively contra&ed with, enticed, perfuaded, folicited, or feduced, feverally forfeit the sum of five to forfeit $ool. hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; and shall an<* t°be,m-alfo fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county, rid- Months. °ri* *mg, divifion, (hire, ordewartry, wherein such offender or offenders shall be refpeCtively convicted, for the space of twelve calendar months without bail or mainprize, and until such forfei-turelhall be paid; and in cafe of a further conviction, in manner before preferibed by this aCt, for or upon a fecond or other and/°L.a (ubfequent offence of die fame kind, the person or persons fo to forfeit^ again offending, (Kali, upon every fecond or other subsequent 1€00i. conviction, feverally forfeit for every person fo by him, her, or them refpeCtively contracted with, enticed, perfuaded, folicited, or feduced, the sum of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ) and shall also fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county, riding, divifion, (hire, ordewartry, wherein such offender or offenders shall be refpeCtively conviCt- P™onC(* f°r* ed, for the space of two years, without bail or mainprize, and ycars* until such forfeiture shall be paid ; any thing in the said in part recited a<S of the fifth year of his said late Majcdy’s reign to the contrary notwithdanding.

II. Provided nevertheless. That no person dial! be profecuted prorCcution to for any of the offences aforesaid, unless such profecution shall be becommenc-commenced within the space of twelve calendar months nextaf- ed within \% ter such offence shall be committed.

III. And whereas the exportation of the fcvcral tools or utenfils made ufe of in preparing, working up, and finijhing the wGollcn and fill manufactures) or any or either of them, will enable foreigners to work up such manufactures, and thereby greatly diminijh the exporta- . tion of the fame from this kingdom: therefore, for preferving as

much

6





16

Pcrfons exporting uten-iilsofthewool-len and filk manufactures.

fhall forfeit the tools and aool.

Officers of the customs im-powered to Seize tools found on board (hips bound to foreign parts i

to be fold after condemnation.

Captains of veflels permitting (uch utenfilsto be put on board to forfeit tool.

Anno vicefimo teftlo GeorGII II. c. 13.1	[*750*

much 3s poffible to his Majesty’s British fubjedts, the benefits arifing from thofe great and valuable branches of trade and commerce 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, if any person or persons in Great Britain or Ireland, lhall, upon any pretence whatsoever, load or put on board, or caufe to be loaden or put on board of any fhip, veffel or boat which shall pot be bound diredUy to fome port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or to iome other of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, any such tools or utenfils as are commonly ufed in, or are proper for the preparing, working up, or finifhing of the woollen or filk ma-nufadtures, or any or either of them, or any parts or parcels of such tools or utenfils, by what name or names such tools or utenfils shall or may be called or known, the person or persons fo offending, shall for every such offence, not only forfeit and lofe all such tools and utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, which shall be fo loaden or pufon board as aforesaid, but also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of session in Scotland, or in any of the tour courts at Dublin refpedtively, wherein no efloin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to &nd for any officer of his Majesty’s customs in Great Britain, and for any officer of the revenue in Ireland\ to feize and fecure in fome or one of his Majesty’s warehouses, all such tools or utenfils by this adl prohibited to be exported, as such officer shall find or difcover to be laid or put on board of any fhip, veflfel, or boat, which shall not be bound diredtly to fome port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or to fome other of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, and that every officer who shall feize and fecure any of the said tools or utenfils, shall be fully and abfolutely indemnified for fo doing ( and all tools or utenfils fo feized and Secured as aforesaid, (hall, after condemnation thereof, in due courfe of law, be publickly fold to the beft bidder, and one moiety of the produce arifing by the fale of such tools and utenfils, shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer who shall feize and fecure the fame as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty fourth day of JJune, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, if the captain or matter of any fhip, veffel, or boat, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall knowingly permit any of the said tools, or utenfils by this a<5t prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on board his said fhip, veffel, or boat, every such captain or matter fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be fued for and recovered

 v^-ooQle

,75°*J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 13.	17

cd in the fame manner as the penalties by this alt inflicted up- Captain* of on persons exporting the said tools or utenfils are to be fued ]?\s Majesty’* for and recovered; and if the said (hip, veffel, or boat be- ^^ol^and longs to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, then the captain or tobccaffiiercd. mafter thereof shall not only forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be fued for and recovered as aforesaid, but shall also forfeit his employment, and be incapable of any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors.

VI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, officer of the

That if any cuftomer, comptroller, lurveyor, fearcher, waiter, cuftom houfe, or other officer of the customs in Great Britain, or any officer of	c^>ck“

the revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly fuf-	cjmordnm

fer to be taken, any entry outward, or shall (ign any cocker,	*

warrant, or fufferance for the (hipping or exporting of any of

the said tools or utenfils by this alt prohibited to be exported, or d)?]l knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer the fame to be done, dirdtlyor indireltlv, contrary tothe true intent and meaning of this alt, every luch cuftomer, comptroller, furvcyor, fearcher, waiter, or other officer of the customs in Great Britain or officer of the revenue in Ireland fo offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, t0 forfejt IOO|. to be fued for, and recovered as aforesaid ; and shall also forfeit and his cm-his office, and be incapable of any office or employment under ployment. his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors.

VII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, 0ne m0*,cty That pne moiety of the refpdtive forfeitures by this act inflilted to the King, upon offenders against thp fame, (hall, when recovered, go and the other to be applied to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and theprofe-the other moiety to the ufe of the person or persons who shall cutor#

fuc and profecute for the fame refpclth ely.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, limitation of That if any fuit or altion shall be commenced against any per- a&iont.

Ion for what he shall do in purfuance of this alt, such alt ion shall be commenced within fix months after the fait committed; and the perion (b fued may file common bail, or enter a common appearance, and plead the general iflue, not guilty, and may give this alt, and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if ^*ncra* ^ue* the plaintiff or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or fuffer difeon-tinuance, or if a verdilt pafs against him, or if, upon demurrer judgment be given against him, the defendant shall recover tre- Treble colts, blc cofts.

IX.	And whereas by an all made in the lajl feffim of parliament Geo %

(\ntituled. An alt for the more effeltual preventing of frauds * ** and abqfes committed by persons employed in the manufalture, *

of bats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fiirr, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufaltures ; and for pre-renting unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot-preflers, and of all persons employed in the said manufaltures; and for the better payment ot their wages) it is, amongfl other things ena£l$d% That if*ny person contrived of buying^

V ox*. XX.	C	receiving,

 

18	Anno	vicefimo	tertio GeoRGH II. c. 13.	[1750.

receiving, 0r ta/hV# ^ pawn any of the materials in the said aft mentioned, /hall think himjelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judgment of the jujlice or jujiices before whom he or /he Jhall have been convifted, such person Jhall have liberty to appeal to the jujiices at the next general or quarter fejfions of the peace which /hall be held for the county, ridings divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where juch judgment /hall have been given; which jujiices, in the said general or quarter fejfions, are to hear and finally determine the matter of the Jaid appeal: but whereas great delays and inconveniendes have arijen and may arise in the bearing and determining of such appeals, inafmuch as no provifion is % made by the said aft in relation to the form or manner in which such conviftions/hall be drawn up ; therefore, for preventing such delays and inconvenieneies for the future, be it further enacted by ,	f the authority aforesaid, That the juftice or juftices of the peace

conviaio?i on hef°re whom any person shall be convided, in manner preferib-the recited ad. ed by the said ad, of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn any of the materials or wares therein mentioned, shall caufe such convidion to be drawn up in the form aud words following; (that is to fay)

Middlefex, T) E it remembered. That on the	day	of

to wit, X)	in	the	year	of his Majestys reign

A. B. was convifted before me [or usJ	of	his

Majeflys jujiices of the peace for the said county of

[orfor the	riding	[or divifion] of the faid

county of	]	or for the city, liberty, or town of

in the said county of	(as	the	cafe

(hall be) of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn (as the cafe shall happen to be)	(fpecifying the ma-

terials or wares Jo bought, received, or taken to pawn) the property of C. D. of	in	the	county

of	and	by	him	[or her J delivered to	to

be manufaftured.

Given under my hand and feal [or our hands andfeals\ the day and year aforesaid.

Which said form and convidion shall not be liable to be remov-be removedb cc* ty ^ertlorarl ^nt0 his Majesty’s court of King's Bench; and the Certiorari 3 ^ said juftice or juftices before whom such convidion shall be had lhall caufe the fame, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fair* ly written upon parchment, and tranfmitted to the next genera! and tranfmitt- or quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, ed to the (cf- divifion, city, town, or liberty, wherein such convidion was fions.	had, tQ ke gje(j an(j ^ept amongft ^0 records of the faid

J general or quarter feflions; and in cafe the person or per-ue ra eais °ns convided shall appeal from the judgment of the said near appeals. juft;ce or juftices to the said general or quarter feflions, the juftices in such general or quarter feflions are hereby required, upon receiving the said convidion drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the direftions of the said aft; any law or ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act for assigning a place proper for holding a market in the city of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient marketplace called the Round Woolftaple ; and for regulating the said market.

WHEREAS the market for the city of Westminster, hath, from ancient times* been held from or under the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Westminster, by their ltffiee9 of the office of keeper and fweeper of the said market, in a place called the Round Woolftaple, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in the said city of Westminster; which market place hath been lately pur chafed by the commiffioners conjlituted and appointed by divers Jlatutes for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Woolftaple, Vr thereabouts, in the parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, to the oppoftte ffiore in the county of Surry, for the sum of eight hundred and forty pounds ; and the said ground hath been converted by the said commiffioners to the publtck ufe of widening the freels leading to and from the said bridge, according to the directions of the said Jlatutes: and whereas it is neceffiary for the accommodation of the inhabitants of the said city 0/* Westminster, that the said market Jbould be held in fome other convenient place; and the mof convenient place for that purpose is within the bounds and limits hereafter defcribed; that is to fayy between the place called the Broad Sanctuary, in the parish of Saint Margaret in the said city of Westminster, and Bow Street in thefaid parijh: and whereas the ground and foil within the said limitr, or the greatef part thereof is the freehold of the said dean and chapter, and by them leafed out for terms of years to their tenants ; and that the said dean and chapter would be willing and defer ousy for the accommodation of the inhabitants of the said city9 that the said fum of eight hundred and forty pounds Jhould be applied in buying in Juch leafes or terms of years as are out-fanding9 and in purchafing Juch other estates as might be neceffiary for hiding the said market within the said limits, in cafe Juch application of the said money was not refrained by the said alls of parliament made for the building the said bridge, whereby the said money is dir ell ed to be laid out in the purchase of eflaies in feefemple: and whereas other difficulties may a-rife in the pur chafe offuch ground as may be neceffiary for hiding the Jaid market^ within the limits aforesaid^ by rcajon of legal difabilities which the owners or occupiers of Juch ground may be under to difpofe 0] the fame to the said dean and chapter for the purposes aforesaid\ which difficulties cannot be removed but by authority of parliament $ be it therefore enafted, bfc.

The cooynifiioners may extend the limits of the new market within the open space of the Broad Sanctuary, lb far as a line from the gateway of Green's Alley, to the front of the houfe on the tail of the way from the Broad Sanctuary into the Little Sanctuary, will admit. The commilHon-ers are to fct out the ground i and the dean and chapter to purchafe the (amc j and to hare the right of holding the market, and the rents and profits thereof. No pro visions to be fold within too feet of the bounds of the market, without licence, under penalty of 5I. Juflices may mitigate the penalties. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari. If any person refufe to treat, the commiflioners are to iffue out a warrant to the high bailiff to return a jury, to view the places in queftion, and to affefc upon oath the recora-pence. Commiffioners to give judgement thereon, xo days notice to be given to the parties interested, beforeTuch affeffment. Theverdi#*, See. to be entered in the register's office of the county of Middlesex, &c. Up* on payment or tenderof the purchafe-money, the dean and chapter may enter on the premiffes, and convert the fame into a market. No leafes to be for lefs than the rents heretofore paid for die market in the Round Woolltaple, See.

CAP. XV.

Jn aft for taking down several buildings, and inlarging tie Jlreets and marketplaces in the city of Gloucefter.

WHEREAS the trade and inhabitants of the city of Gloucester have of late years greatly increafed: and whereas, in the four chief Jlreets of the said city, commonly called Eaftgale Street, Weftgate Street, Northgate Street, and Southgate Street, and where the markets are ujuatty kept, there are several old houfes or tenements, flails, and buildings, fome of which Jland in the middle of the said Jlreets, and the rejl of them jet out, projeft, and are extending irregularly beyond the range or tides of the faidJlreets, towards the middle thereof respectively j whereby the area of, or places ufed for the markets of the said town are greatly Jlraitened and confined, and the pajfage of carriages, horfes, cattle, and persons, in and through the fame, is very much obflrufted, and rendered difficult and dangerous ; and whereas by lacing down the several boufes or tenements, JlaHs, and buildings aforesaid, the said flreets will he greatly opened, and rendered much more commodious f or the pajfage of carriages and foot pajfengers, andfor the holding and keeping the fairs and markets, and carrying on the trade and bufinefs of the Jaid city; and the owners of such knifes or tenements, flails, and buildings, or the greatefl part of them, are willing to fell and difpofe of the fame, in order that they may be taken down for the purposes aforesaid: but as several of the said houfes or tenements, flails, and buildings, and the Jtte and foil of the Jamc refpeftively, belong to, and are the eflates ana property of ecdeftaflical and other incorporated bodies, femes covert, infants, and others, who by law are difabled to make an abfolute fale and conveyance thereof in fcefimple, the fame cannot be applied and dij'pofed of for the purposes aforesaid without the aid and authority of parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted,

Commiffioners impowered to contra# for the pur chafe of such houfes and grounds as are described in the fcheduie. Perfons interetled, impowered to make fale thereof. If any refufe to treat, or if the fame be the property of infants not having guardians, the commiffioners are to iffue warrants to the Sheriff, to return a jury, who shall inquire upon oath into the damages and recompence, and their verdifts to be binding to all parties. 3 days notice to be given of the commiffioners and jury's meecting. The purchafe money of the estates of infants and femes covert, See. to be paid to the mayor and bureeffes of Gloucefter. Upon payment or tender of the purchafe-money, the commiffioners may caufe the buildings to be taken down, and the ground to be uled as a highway. The purchafe money

21

I75<>0 Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. i

of the estates of infants and femes covert, to be laid out in other purchafes to the fame ufes > and till purchafes can be made, the money is to be put out to intereft, &c.

CAP. XVI.

An aS for granting to bis Majejty the sum of one million, to be raifedby annuities at three pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Jinking fund^ transferable at the hank of England.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the ealieft manner we are able for the benefit of your fubjects, have freely and voluntarily giv- . en and granted* and by this adt do give and grant unto your ,>0^0,oooL Majesty the sum of one million, to be raised in (uch manner and granted to his form as is herein after dire&ed \ and to that end do moft hum- Majesty. bly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the annuities which by this ad shall Th be granted and made payable in refped of the said principal fum payable"^ of one million, until redemption thereof by parliament, in man- fp/a thereof ner herein after-mentioned, (hall, from and after fhe fcaft day to be charged of the annunciation of the Blefled Virgin Mary, which shall be °n f,nkin£ in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, un * be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which, from and after the said feaft day, (hall, from time to time, arise and be remaining in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, of or for the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies of' the fund, commonly called the finling fund; and the said fur* plufles, excefles, or overplus monies are hereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly.

II.	And for or towards railing the said fUm or fums of mo- Natives or fo* ney, not exceeding in the whole the laid fum of one million, reigners may for the purposes arorefaid, be it further enacted by the authority C®ntrrl.bu^e to aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person ofV,ooo,ooql. or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay to the first or chief cafnier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpedtive days and times by this adi limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not -exceeding in the whole the said fum of one million, for the pur- c^c chafe of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the said nui^ies. feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or such as he, fhe, or they shall nominate, his, her, or their executors, adminif-tratprs, fucceflors, or afligns refpedtively, until the fame shall be

Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. i

,I75°*

fecurity.

Annuities to be at 3 per cent.

redeemed according to the tenor or true meaning of the pro-Calner of the v^° or con^,t,on herein after-mentioned in that behalf; fo as bank to give foch cafhier or caftiiers do first give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiflloners of his Majesty’s trea-fury now being, or of the high treafurer, or commilfioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying-into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, the money fo to be advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the fame; which annuities before-mentioned shall be computed at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater fum fo to be advanced or paid ; and the purchafe money for every such annuity, at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said calhier or ealhiers, as-aforefaid, at or before the refpeeftive days or times herein after limited; that is to Times of oa	ten Pounc^s Per centum, part thereof, on or before the twen-

ment of the ticth day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord one contribution thousand seven hundred and fifty; fifteen pounds per centum^ other money. part thereof, on or before the twentieth day of June then next enfuing ; twenty five pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the eighteenth day of Augujl then next enfuing; twenty five pounds per centum^ other part thereof on or before the eighteenth day or Oftober then next enfuing; and the remaining twenty five pounds^?* centum, on or before the eighteenth day of Decern* Annuities not^rt^en next following *• all which annuities foto be purchafed, to exceed shall not exceed in the whole the sum of thirty thousand pounds 30,000). and per annum, and shall commence from the feaft day of the annunci-!°,M?rri?nCC ation of the blotted Virgin Mary, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and shall be paid and payable in the manner, and at the refpeeftive feaft days herein after-mentioned ; that is to fay, the first payment thereupon shall be made for the three quarters of a year, which will be due thereupon, computed from the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, to the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift then next entiling, and the fabfequent payments half-yearly, at the feafts of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, or within fix days after every of the said feaft days ; and that the first of the said half-yearly payments shall be paid at the feaft of Saint John the Baptijl, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, or within fix days after the laid feaft day; ncverthelefs the said annuities shall be redeemable according to the purport and true Calhier to give meaning Gf a provifo or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and not otherwise: and the said cafhier or cafhiers of the said governor and company for the time being, is hereby authorized and required,-upon the advancing and paying to him or them any fum or fums of money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing fignedby himfelfor themfelves, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof; which receipts shall be adignable by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the eighteenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred


a5 March, 1750, an 1 to be paid half-yearly.

contributors receipts.

which shall be adignable;

I75°*] Annb vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 16.	23

and fifty, and no longer; and the said cafhier or cafhiers antJ to pay the (hall, from time to time pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s IjJ^cxchequen exchequer all the monies which he or 'they shall receive of or for the said fum, not exceeding one million, as fail as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days at the fartheft; and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majesty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

III.	And it is hereby enaded, That in the office of the ac- Contributors comptant general of the governor and company of the bank of names to be England for the time being, there shall be provided and kept a entered in a book or books, in which there shall be fairly entered the book, wuh the names of all v^ho shall be contributors for such annuities *uins ^ * after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as aforesaid, and of all perlons by whofe hands the said contributors shall pay in any of the said fums upon this act, and also the fum fo paid ; to which book or books, it shall be lawful for the said re-	ma ^

fpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, successors,	gra-

and affigns, from time to time, to have refort at all feafonable tisf

times, and to infped the fame without fee or charge; and the

(aid accomptant general for the time being, (hall, on or before

the twenty fifth day of March, which shall be in the year of our.

Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, tranfmit an at-tefted duplicate, fairly written an paper, of the said book or to the cxche-books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Maje- quer. fty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

IV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors

all and every contributor and contributors upon this ad, duly paying the paying the confideration or purchafe-money at the rate aforesaid, purchase moat or before the refpedive days or times in this ad before limit- n-e^0t^er^“ ed in that behalf, for such annuity or annuities as aforesaid,	c

fuch as he, (he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their re-	*

fpedive executors, adminiftrators, successors or affiens, (hall

have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this ad appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and fure estates and interefts therein for ever, fubjed only tp the provifo or condition of redemption, in this ad afterwards contained, concerning the fame; and thatall the said annuities wh*icll be to be purchafed on this ad, and the principal monies paid for free of taxes, the fame, and every of them, during the continuance thereof,

(hall be free froiti all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfo-ever.

V.	Provided always. That in cafe any contributor or contributors, for the purchafeof any of the said annuities, shall after payment of ten pounds per centum, in part of his, her, or their |fve credit to purchafe money, defire that the subsequent payments, to be tne co.mibu-made by him, her, or them, at the refpedive times limited in tors for the that behalf, may immediately be made flock in the book or

books to be kept for that purpofe, in the office of the said ac7 p comptant general, and that the principal money, and the an-

Q *	Tftoolp

Bank to employ a chief cafhier and accomptant general, for payment of

nuity attending the fame, be immediately transferable (except the ten pounds per centum, which is tp remain as a depofit till payment of the whole fum by him, her, or them fubferibed for, is fully completed) it shall be lawful for the said accomptant general, and he is hereby required upon such requeft made by any such contributor or contributors, to give credit in the said boo& or books, for each refpedive principal fum, by him, her, or them fubferibed and paid as aforesaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And for the more ealy and fure payment of the said annuities to be purchafed as aforesaid, according to the true meaning of this present ad; it is hereby enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, shall from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this ad, appoint and employ one fufficient perlon within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cafhier or cafhiers, the annuities; an j one other fufficient person within the fame office, to be their accomptant general; and that fo much of the monies of the said furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies of the fund, commonly called the Sinking fund, which shall or ought to be, from time to time, feparated and let apart in the said receipt pf exchequer, for anfwering the said annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, after the said rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall by order of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the high treasurer, or commiflioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors for the time being, without any further or other warrant and the mo- to ^ue<^ f°r> or obtained in that behalf, be, from time niesto bepaid to time, half-yearly as aforesaid, iflued and paid at the said re-tothem half- ceipt of exchequer, to the said first or chief ca(hier or cafhiers yearly at the 0f thc fajd governor and company of the bank of England, and way of'im- ^ tbeir fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and pr/ft, &c. upon account of the payment of the said annuities fo purchafed^ upon this ad, at such times, and in such manner and form, as are by this act preferibed in that behalf; and that all and every calhier and cafhiers, to whom the said monies (hall, from time

to time be iflued, shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and fender his accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Accomptant Vll. And it is hereby also enaded, That the said accompt-general to in- ant general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infped lpedt the ta- anc] cxatnjne all the receipts and payments of the said calhier or anT^paymeilts! caih*ers» and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to pre-* vent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall be intitled to any of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poflefled thereof, as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame shall not be defcendable to the heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign

attach-

Annuities to fee a perfonal ettate.

175°*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 16. attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwise; any law, fta* tute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The monies

That all the monies to be advanced or contributed upon this contributed to *&, for or towards the said fura not exceeding one million, shall b*	*

be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital pr joint ftock, Jointttoc » on which the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per

centum per annum, shall be attending; and that all and every per-

fon and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to

the money which he, (he, or they shall be intitled to, as afore*

faid, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intereft

and (hare in the said ftock, and in the annuity attending the

fame, at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or

joint ftock, or any (hare or interest therein, and the proportional

annuity attending the fame, shall be allignable and transferrable which may be

as this a dt diredts, and not otherwise; and that there shall con- transferred.

ftantly be kept at all feafonable times in the office of the (aid ac-

comptant general for the time being, within the city of London,

a book or books, wherein all affignments or transfers of the

faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any part thereof, and the

proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaid,

(hall be entered and regiftered; which entries shall be conceived Method of in proper words for that purpofe, and shall be (igned by the transferring, parties making such affignments or transfers, or if (uch party be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said ftock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law; and that no (lamp without duties whatsoever, shall be charged on the said transfers, or any Hamp^ of them; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And it'is hereby enadled and declared, That no person No annuities or persons whatsoever shall or may purchafe or obtain, or be ad- to be obtain-mitted to purchafe or obtain, any of the annuities at the rate ^ cent ^be* aforesaid, upon this ad, unless the whole, or ten pounds per paid before 10 centum, part at lead of the confideration money for the fame, at April, 1750. such rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said cafhier,

on or before the twentieth of April, one thoqfaod seven hundred and fifty.

X.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any such contributor as afore- Perfons not faid, who (hall, on or before the said twentieth day of April, paying tho one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have advanced to the said whole pur-cafhier or cafhiers, ten pounds per centum, in part of his, her,

or their purchafe money, or his, her, or their executors, admi- United, niftrators, futccflbrs, or affigns, do not advance and pay to the (aid cafhier or caftikrs, (jfteen pounds per centum, in further part of hi;, her, or their confideration moqey, fo to be paid for

fuch

2 6

to forfeit their first payment.

The bank to continue a corporation till the annuities are redeemed.

No fee to be taken, &c.

upon penalty of 20 1.

Treafury to defray charges, tic.

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII II. c. 16.	[175°-

(toth refpedtive annuity or annuities as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth day of June, then next enfuing; and twenty five pounds per centum, in further part thereof, on or before the eighteenth day of Augujly then next enfuing; and twenty five pounds per centum, in further part thereof, on or before the eighteenth day of Oftober, then next enfuing; and the remaining twenty five pounds p r centum, on or before the eighteenth day of December, then next following ; then, and in every such cafe refpedlively, fo much of the confederation money as shall have been actually paid for the first payment to the said cafhier or cafhiers, for such refpedlive annuity, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and no intereft, at the rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first payment; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors (notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds in purfuance of the adts for establishing the fame, or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this adfc expreffeJ, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this adt, shall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that the said governor and company or any members thereof, shall not incur any difability, for or by reason of fheir doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adh

XII.	And it is hereby enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjedls for receiving or paying the said contribution monies, or any of them, or for any tallies, or other receipts concerning the fame, or for iffuing the said yearly fund, or any part thereof, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them ; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any fum great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this adt, upon pain that the officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this adt, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, in any ’of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJhmnJler.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the commiffioners' of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby authorized to reward all such per-ions as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour, and also to defray such incident charges as shall neceffarily attend the fame, out of the said furplufies, exceffes, or overplus monies; and also to appoint such allowances (out of the said furplufies, exceffes, or overplus monies) for the service, pains, and labour of thecalhier or cafhiers of .the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble of the accomptant general of the said governor and company for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this act, as they shall think juft and reafonable: all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforesaid, in re-fpe<£t of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the ufe and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided alfo, and It is hereby enacted by the authori- Ciaufe of re-ty aforesaid. That at any time, upon one year's notice to be dcmptioiu printed in the London Gazette^ and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half-yearly fcaft days for payment of the said annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of the principal fum of one million, by payments not being lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, for which the said annuities shall be payable to such refpe&ive persons or corporations as shall be intitled to the fame annuities; and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, the said annuities shall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after such redemption, the monies arifing by the said furplufies, excefles, or overplus monies of the fund, commonly called the Sinking fund, shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe pr purpofe, other than such ufes and purposes as have been di-rafted by any former a<5t or a<fts of parliament in that behalf; any thing in this or any former acl or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be in/erted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be fnfficient notice within the words and meaning of this a<ft.

CAP. XVII.

An act for repairing the roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the t^n cf Haddingtoun \ and from thence to Raventhaughburn in the county of Haddingtoun.

Certain tolls granted for u yearst &e<

CAP. XVIII.

An	all for enlightening the open	, fir sets,

fages., and courts j and for the better regulating the nightly watch within the parish of Saint John Southwark in the county of Surrey.

WHEREAS the parish of Saint John in the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, is fituete between London Bridge and his	Maiefiy's dock yard and victu office at Dept-

ford, and also the Eaft India wareheujeat Rotberhilhe; and wlkre-

as

l

Anno vicefimo terrio Georgii II. c. x8.	[1750.

as by virtue of an act made and pajfed in the laft session of parlia-ment, (intituled, An act for opening and making a new road from the eaft end of Newjireet in the pari(h of Saint John South-war k, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future) a new road is now opened through theparifbes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bcrmond-fey. Saint Mary Rotherhithe,**^ Saint Nicholas and Saint Paul Deptford, for the better convenience of bis Majesty's fubjefts in puffing and repajftng to and from London Bridge, and the places before-mentioned: and whereas the accefs to such new road, through the said parijb of Saint John, is now very dangerous in the night-time, for want of proper lights, and a well reguhted watch: and whereas a proper provifion for that purpose would not only be a great fecurity to the persons and properties of all his Majefy's fubjefts, pajjing and re-faffing to and from Deptford Dock and the other places afore faid, in the night-time; but also would be a great fafeguard against fires that might deflroy great quantities of naval Jlores always repofitea in ware-houfes on the banks of the river Thames in thofe parts; and would be of the utmofi ufe in cafe of accidents by fire amongft the fhipping in the river Thames; in both which cafes great numbers of the mojl experienced artificers and tradefmen, refiding in thofe parts, could be more capable of affording their ajjiflance when required, upon emergencies in the night-time; but forafmuch as a proper provifion cannot be made for fetting up proper lights, and ejlablifhing a well regulated watch, for the good purposes aforesaid\ by the laws now in being; may it please your Majelty, at the humble requeft of several merchants and traders of the city of London, and matters and owners of (hips, and also of the minltter, churchwardens, and other principal inhabitants of the faidpari(h of Saint John Southwark, that it may be enafted, Uc,

The veftry to appoint the number and fort of lamps; and a number of watchmen, and a bedel; and their several duties and wages, and make regulations for enlightening the ftreets, and eleft a committee. The con-ttables, bedels, and watchmens times of duty; and power of apprehencU ing night-walkers, and other fufpefted persons. Veftry impowered to make a pound rate on the inhabitants; to be confirmed by two iuftices, and coileflld half-yearly. Collectors refuting to adt, to forfeit 10I. and others to be appointed, See, Theparish church, and other publick buildings, and perlons, to be rated. Afleffments not to exceed 10 d. in the pound-Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feftions. Perfons paying to thefe rates, See. not to gain any fettlement thereby. Veftry may borrow money upon the credit of the rates; not exceeding aool. Forty (billings penalty of breaking or extinguifhing lamps, Scc. The lamps vefted in toe churchwardens, See. Two jtiftices to hear and determine differences. Juftices may mitigatf the penalties to one moiety.

175°.]	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19.	zp

CAP. XIX.

An act for making more effectual several ails of parliament pajfed for cleaning and making navigable the channel from the Hithe at Colchefter to Wivenhoe in the county of Effex ; and for repairing and cleanftng the ftreets and lanes of the town of Colchefter.

WHEREAS by an ait of parliament pajfed in the ninth and 9 8c 10 W. 3.

tenth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the c. 19.

Thirdintituled, An act for cleanfing and making navigable the channel from the Hithe at Colchejler to Wivenhoe, several duties were granted and made payable, for goods, wares*, and merchandizes, that Jhould be brought in and to the said channel, and Jhould be landed at, or flipped from Wivenhoe or the New Hithe in Colchefter aforesaid, or between either of the said places, for the term of twenty one years, for the ufes and purpojes in the said ait mentioned; and several powers were thereby given unto and vejled in the mayor, aldermen, ajjijlants, and common council of the town and borough of Colchefter only, for appointing collectors and general receivers of the find duties, and for recovering and getting in the fame, in such manner as in the said aft is particularly mentioned; which said aft, and all the powers and authorities thereby given, and one moiety or half fart of the duties thereby granted and made payable (except upon corn and grain) were, by another aft pajjedin the fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firfi, continued in force until tbe firjl day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty 5 and further power was thereby given to the said mayor and commonalty of Colchefter only, for recovering the fame duties : and whereas by another aft pajfea in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for further enlarging the term granted 13 Gep.^c.jo. by an act passed the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, For cleanftng and making navigable the channel from the Hithe at Colchefter to Wivenhoe; and for making the said ad, and another ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For enlarging the term granted by the said aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, more effectual \ it is enabled. That the said two former afts, and all and every the powers and authorities thereby respectively given, together with such additional powers, as are in the said aft of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty mentioned,

Jhould be continued, and be in force from the firjl day of May, one tbcufandfeven hundred and forty, for ever; ana that the duty on Sea coal Jhould, from and after the said firjl day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty, be three pence a chaldron, and no more ; which duty was, by the said aft of the thirteenth of his present Majesty, continued and made payable, from the said first day of May, one thousand Jeven hundred and forty, for and during the term of forty years; and by tbe Jaid aft it was declared. That no other duty (except the arrears dut under the said former afts, or either of them) jhould be raised upon any other goods} wares, merchandizes, or things

whatfoever;

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.20.	[1750.

whatfoever; which said duty of three pence for every chaldron of fea coals, granted as of orefaid, and the duties which were or Jhoulabe in arrear under the said former afls, Jhould and might be raifed, le-viedj and recovered\ in Juch manner as prefcribed by the said former efts; and the said mayor and commonalty of Colchefter only were by the lajl-mentioned at1 vejled with further power for filing for, and recovering the said duty thereby granted\ and the arrears under the said former afls: and whereas a very large lock, which was several years fince ere fled in the said channel, and has been found to be of very great ufe and  service to the navigation, is now in a decaying condi-tion, and much out of repair; and the said channels in fome parts thereof is become much choabed up, Jo that the navigation thereof is greatly obflrufled; which has been occaftoned principally by there being great arrears of the duties granted by the said recited afls for many years due, andfill unpaid; and also a large fium of money remaining in the hands of the reprefentatives of the late receiver general of the said duties, which ought to have been recovered, and applied for amending and repairing the said lock, and cleanfing and Juppor ting the navigation of the said channel: but, as the power and authority of the mayor and commonalty of Colchefter hath ceafed for many years lafi paft (in whofe names only the said duties were to be recovered, and legal difeharges given for the fame, by and under the authorities of the said several afls) the fame duties, and the arrears thereof, cannot now be recovered and collefled, for want of fufficient power to give legal difeharges for the fame; and there being no other fund for raising money to amend and keep in repair the said lock, and cleanje the jald channel, and preferve the navigation thereof, the fame cannot now be done, without feme further provifion be made for that purpose by the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore plcale your Majesty, that it may be enaefted, &c.

The several parcels of land, locks, and channels, and the several powers. &c. which were granted to the corporation of Colchefter, &c. are vefted in the juftices of the eaft divifion of the county of Eftcx, and the commif-iioners named herein, for the terip of 30 years. Additional duty of 3d. a chaldron on coals to be paid for 30 years. Corhmiflioners may borrpw money, and nflign over the duties as a fecurity. Six days notice to be given of the time of meeting for borrowing money. Commiflioners may place out in the funds, any money that shall be in the receiver general** hands, Uc. not immediately neceffary, &c. and may appoint ana remove colle&or?, and other officers. The preferiptive rights of the borough of Colchefter referved. Landlords, &c. to pave the ftreets before their houfes. Surveyors of the highway* to view the ftreets, and fee that the fame are paved, and to make returns of such landlords, whofe pavements shall be out of repair;, and to give notice for repairing thereof, and may caufe the lame to be amended, after 10 days neglect. If the tenant shall pay, he may dedutt the fame out of the rent. Juftices may make presentments of default in the pavement of the ftreets. Perfons aggrieved may appeal.

CAP. XX.

An ail for encouraging the growth and culture of raw Ilk in bis	Alajejly's colonies or plantations in America.

W H E R E A S it ivill greatly tend to the increafe and improvement of the filk	manufactures of this to encourage

the growth and culture of filk in his	dominions in America; may it therefore please your Majcfty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enaCted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the Raw fijfc 0f twenty fourth day or Juney one thousand seven hundred and the growth of fifty, it shall and may be lawful to import any raw filks of the the Sritifli co-growth and culture of any of his Majeft/s colonies or planta- ^ca^to^inf* tions in America, direCtly from thence into the port of London, ported free?tt> without paying any fubfidy, cuftom, impofition, or other duty as entry be* whatever for the fame; fo as a due entry be first made thereof made, in the cuftom-houfe, at the time of importation, in the fame manner and form (exprefling the package, marks, and numbers, together with the quantities and qualities of the refpe&ive . goods) as was ufed and praftifed before the making of this aCf; and fo as the fame be landed in the prefence of, and examined by the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpofe; and fo as the fame be imported in (hips or vef- and the fame fcls, that may lawfully trade to his Majesty’s plantations, man- imported in ned as by law is required; and on failure of the said con- ve"els that ditions or directions herein laft-mentioned, such filks shall be liable to the payment of the refpeCtive duties, as if this aCt had never been made.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- oath to be rity aforesaid. That in order to intitle the importer and impor- made before ters of raw filk, to the exemption intended by this adt, every cjcar‘"g.that merchant or other person or persons whatsoever, who (hall, after growth of the twenty fourth day of June, one thcJufand seven hundred the iritifli and fifty, load any raw filk on board any (hip or veflel, in any plantations, of the British colonies or plantations in America, (halJ, before the clearing out of the said (hip or veflel from thence, make proof, on oath, before the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, at the port or place where such raw filk (hall.be put on board, or any two of tiiem, that the raw filk, which he, (he, or they hath or have (hipped on board the said (hip or veflel (exprefling the quantity thereof) is bona fide of the growth and culture of fome or one of the British colonies or plantations in America, exprefling the parish or place in such plantation'where the fame was cultivated and produced, and by whom, producing such perfon’s oath thereto made before the governor of such ifland or province, or before the next juftice of the peace (which oath the said governor or juftice of the peace, collector and comptroller of the ^uftoms, and naval offi- Matter cer, or any two of them, are hereby required and impowered bring icertifi-to adminifter without fee or reward) and the matter, comtnan-ca^e from ^ tier, or other perfon, taking charge of the (hip or veflel, °n£^^ofthe board which such raw filk shall be loaded, shall also bring with * him a certificate or certificates from such coWeCtor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, as aforesaid, under their hands and fe?ls of office (which,certU ficate or certificates, such collector and comptroller of the cut

toms.


23

which he is to deliver to the chief officer of the customs on his arrival at London,

r

and to make oath that the goods in the certificate are the fame taken on board in America *

in default thereof, the duty is to be paid lor fuch

filL

Penalty on persons entering foreign raw filled as of the growth of the oritifh colonies,

or of mixing other filk therewith, to evade payment* of the duties.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 20.	[1750.

toms, and naval officer, are hereby required and directed to grant without fee or reward) exprefiing the marks, number, tale, and weight of the raw (ilk, in each bale, parcel, or other package whatsoever, fo (hipped or loaded on board such (hip or veflel, with the names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters thereof, from the said British colonies or plantations in America \ and the name or names, place or places of abode of such other person or persons, who shall have (worn the goods therein mentioned to have been of the growth and culture of the said British colonies or plantations in America \ and the name or names of the person or persons to whom the fame are configned in the port of London; which certificate or certificates, the said matter, commander, or other person taking charge of such (hip or veflel, (hall, on his arrival in the said ^>ort of London, deliver to the colle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer of his Maicfty’s customs at the said port, at or before the entry of the laid raw (ilk; and at the fame time shall make oath before any one of them the said colle&or, comptroller, or chief officer or his Majesty’s customs (who are hereby required and impowered to adminifter the fame without fee or reward) that the (aid bales and parcels, and goods contained in such certificate, are the fame bales and parcels, and goods, as wefe taken on board in the said British colonies or plantations in America^ and if any raw filk of the growth and culture of the British colonies or plantations in America, (hall, after the (aid twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be imported, as herein before mentioned, without such certificate figned and delivered as herein before required, and oath made as before directed, by the matter, commander, or other person taking charge of the (hip or veflel in which the fame is imported; all such raw (ilks shall be liable to the payment of the refpe&ive duties, as if this adt had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons (hall, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, make, or caufe to be made, an entry or entries of any foreign raw (ilk, under the name or defeription of raw filk of the growth or culture of any of the British colonies or plantations in Arne-rica, or shall mix, or caufe to be mixed, any foreign raw filk with raw filk of the growth or culture of the British colonies or plantations in Amertca% with intent to evade the payment of the duties payable on foreign raw (ilk, every person or persons fo making, or caufihg to be made, such entry or entries, or mixing, or caufing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and all such foreign raw filk; and in cafe of any mixture, the quantity fo mixed, both of foreign and British plantation culture or growth, or the value thereof, together with the bales or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized and profecutcd, or the value thereof be fued for

by

33

J7S°J Anno vicelimo teitio Georgii II. c. 21.

by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures shall be to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall feize, profecute, or fue for the fame, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westminster.

IV.	Provided always. That if any doubt or difpute shall a- in doubts rife, whether the said raw (ilk, or any part thereof, fo to be im- about the ported as aforesaid, is of the growth or culture of the British §™wth °lthc colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or cul- probandi \Tto ture, the Onus Probandi% shall lie on the owner or claimer there- \\c 0n the

of, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, cuftom, or owner.

Hfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That General UTue. if any adtion or fuit shall be commenced against any person or

persons for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, the defendant or defendants, in fuch*adtion or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this adl; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difcon-tinue his adtion,' after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againll the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the Treble cofls. fame, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXI.

Art aft for granting to bis Majesty the sum of nine hundred tboufand pounds out of the finking fund, for the  service of the year one tboufand /even hundred and fifty \ and for applying certain furplus monies, remaining in the exchequer, as part of the supply of the said year; and for the application of certain favings in the hands of the paymafier general •, and for obviating a doubt in an aft of the fifth year of King George the Firsty in refpeft to the payment of certain annuities thereby granted for the improvement of fifheries and manufactures in Scotland; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted this session of parliament \ and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices •, and for transferring the bounties now payable upon the exportation of British fail clothy to the customs \ and for enforcing the laws against the clandeftine importation of foap, candles, and ftarcby into this kingdom.

m

Vol. XX.	D	Mojl

Anno viceOmo tertio Georgii II. c. 2i.



W1

900,0001. granted oat

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

E your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have chear-fufly granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the cafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majesty’s fubjeds, and also to ufe such ways and means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more fpeedy effect of the laid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, out ot the furplu(-fes, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund: and to that end and purpose do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of such monies as now are, or shall from time to time be and remain*in the receipt of the exchequer, of the of the finking said furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called HE"* <^)e Minting Fund (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all such fum and fums of money as have been diredted by any former adt or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be iflued, and applied, a fum not exceeding the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the com-miflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accord-indy.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That the sum of feventeen thousand five hundred and fifty three pounds, ten (hillings, and ten pence, now remaining in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Chrijimas laft, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, being the furplus of the additional duties upon all wines imported, over and above fufficient to fatisfy the annuities charged thereupon; and the sum of _ „	twenty nine thousand eight hundred and fifty fix pounds, one

1 id. halfpen- (hilling, and eleven pence halfpenny, being the furplus monies the duties up- remain»ng in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Michael-oh houfes, and mas laft, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, 6f the coaches, &c. rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights, and of the duties on coaches and other carriages, after fatisfying all pay-71,1161. 17s. ments due thereupon; and also the sum of feventy one though furplus of fand one hundred and fixteen pounds, feventeen (hillings, and the fubfidy of fix pence, being the furplus monies remaining in the receipt of goods im-°n kis Majesty’s exchequer at Michaelmas laft, onethouland leven ported, hundred and forty nine, of the fubfidy of poundage on goods

and

17,553!*TOi*

iod. furplus of the additional duties on wines imported.

*9,856!.



35

1750.J	Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGii II. c. 21.

and merchandizes imported, after fatisfying all payments due thereupon, shall and may be iflued and applied at the (aid receipt, as part of the supply granted to his Majesty for the fer- to be applied vice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty; any f°r,crvicc thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the con- °750* year trary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And whereas the sum offorty fix thousand eight hundred and 46,8491. us. forty nine pounds, eleven Jbillings, and ten pence, of monies or f wings *od- favings in the hands of the paymafter general of his MajeJly's land forces,

arifing from the pay of his Majesty s land forces as also the sum of forces 1 sixty five thousand fix hundred and feventy four pounds, eight JhilU * ings, andfix pence, of monies or favings in the bands of the J'aid pay-	\s^a

mailer, on the head of forage and proviftons voted for the auxiliary fo^c, &c.° troops i/'Rufiia, and on the fubfidies to /i* Landgrave of Hefle Caf- for the troops fel, eletlor of Bavaria, and duke of W olfenbuttle, have been granted of Ruflia, and to bis Majesty in this feffton of parliament, towards defraying the extraordinary expenses of his Majesty's land forces, and other fervi- grave of Helie ces, incurred in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, CafTei, elector and not provided for by parliament: which two fums, together with of Bavaria, the further fum of sixty five thousand four hundred and eighty one	du£e

pounds, four Jbillings, and seven pence, granted in this feffton of par-	0	en	u	c>

liament out of the fupplies for the year one thousand /even hundred 65,4-8 il. 4s. and fifty, amounting in the whole to the sum of one hundred feventy ^tne^rvice eight thousand and five pounds, four Jbillings, and eleven pence, are Qf tj,c ycar to be applied for defraying the jaid extraordinary expenses of his Ma- J75o. jefty's land forces, and other services incurred in the year one thou-Jand seven hundred and forty nine, as aforesaid\ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the said refpedive fums of forty fix thousand eight hundred and forty nine pounds, eleven (hillings, and ten pence, and sixty five thousand fix hundred and feventy four pounds, eight (hillings, and fix pence, remaining in the hands of the laid paymafter general of his Majesty’s land forces, of the monies or favings herein before fpecified, shall and may be iflued and applied, by any warrant to be applied or warrants of his Majesty, under his royal fign manual in that towards the behalf, towards defraying the said extraordinary expences 0fc£Pe1nc^0^ his Majesty’s land forces, and other services, incurred in the said force**^ year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and not pro- 1749’ vided for by paliament; any thing in this or any former ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And whereas the sum of fifteen thousand pounds of monies or 15,0001. fav-favings remaining in the hands of ihe paymajler general of his Ma- ingi/rom the fifty9s land forces, arifing from the contingencies of the army, hove contingencies been granted to his Majtjly in this feffton of parliament, towards de~ 0 Uc ****** fraying the charge of out penfionersof Chelfea Hofpital, for the ycar

one thousand seven hundred and fifty; which fum, together with the further fum of forty nine thousand eight hundred and forty eight 49. Ml. 7«* pounds, seven findings, and fix pence, granted in this session of par- *d* °fthe liament out of the fupplies for the said year one thousand seven hun- the^year °f dred andfifty> amounting in the whole to the sum of sixty four thou- x75o. fand eigot hundred and forty eight pounds, seven Jbillings, and fix

D 2	pence,





to be applied to the out-penfioners of Chelfea Hof-pital.

5 Geo. i. c. lo*

The yearly funds of iotooo 1. and 2,0001. to be paid out of the revenue of Scotland.

Provifo.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 2 i. [ 1750.

pence, are to be applied for the defraying the charge of the said out penfiom ^/'Chelfea Hofpitalfor the said year one thou]and fevkn hundred ana fifty ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said refpedive fums of fifteen thousand pounds, and forty nine thousand eight hundred and forty eight pounds, fe-ven (hillings, and fix pence, remaining in the hands of the said paymafter general of his Majesty’s land forces, of the monies or favings herein before fpecifiea, shall and may be iffiied and applied, by any warrant or warrants of his Majesty under his royal fign manual in that behalf, towards defraying the charge of out penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And whereas by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of his late Ma-jefiy King George the Firjl, intituled, An act for fettling certain yearly funds, payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fatisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union, and to difeharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland, in the terms of the fame treaty; and for obviating all future difputes, charges, and expences concerning thofe equivalents ; is was enafted, That the refpeftive yearly funds of ten thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds, made payable thereby on account of the equivalent, and for the encouragement of fijheries and manufactures, Jhould, during the continuance thereof rejpeft'tvely, be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid out of, the monies arifen and to arife, from time to time, of or for any the eufioms, duties, excifes, or revenues that are or Jhall be under the'management of the commiffioners of the eufioms, and commiffioners of the exeije in Scptland, or either of them, or of any commiffioners, farmers, or managers of thefe revenues, or any of them for the time being: and whereas Jome doubts have arifen, whether by the above recited aft, the above refpeftive yearly funds of ten thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds, can or may be charged upon, and paid out of monies,arifen or to arise from any eufioms, duties, excifes, or revenues, granted or impofed upon that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fence the making of the said aft: now, for preventing the fame for the future, be it declared and enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That the said yearly funds of ten thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds, (hall, during the continuance thereof refpedively, yearly, and every year, be paid and payable out of all and every the eufioms, duties, excifes, and revenues, granted or impofed upon that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that are under the management of the commiffioners of the cuf-toins, and commiffioners of the excife in Scotland, or either of them, or of any commiffioners, farmers, or managers of thefe revenues, or any of them for the time being, fince the making of the said ad, as well as out of the cuftoms, duties, excifes, and revenues, that fubfifted under the management aforesaid, at the time of making the said ad; fubjed nevertheless to the fe-vera! powers, claufes, and provifions in the said recited ad mentioned and provided.

VI. And



175°*] Anno vicefimo tcrtlo Georgii II. c. 21J	37

VI.	And it is hereby ena died by the authority aforesaid, That Claufe of loan in cafe the said commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any at * Per three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any cenU

three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall think it advifeable to raife the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to adyance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the (aid fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the said furplufles, excef-fes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, fo as such loans be allowed to be made by the said com-miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifliie their warrants for that purpose as faft as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this adt (hail be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflment whatsoever.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every person Tallies and and persons who lhall lend any money upon the credit of this ordeis f°r adt as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exche- rcPaymcnt» quer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame,

and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said rate of three pounds to carry 3I. p*r per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until ant. intereft. the repayment of the principal; and all luch orders for repay- orders to be ment ot money fo to be lent shall be regiftred in courfe accord- regifter'd, and ing to the dates refpedtively 5 and that all and every person and paid in courfe. persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall ftand regiftred in the said regifter books, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, or afligns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies ; and he,

(he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the fecond person to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe 5 and that the monies to come in, of, or for the said furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund9 as a-forefaid, shall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadiion of the said refpedlive persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns re-fpe&ively, without any undue preference of one before another.

D3

and



No fee for regilterjng &c.

Penalty.

38	Anno viccfimo tertio GeoRGII II. c.21.	[*750*

and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpose wbatfoever (other than such ufes and purposes as are appointed by any other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf a saforefaid;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity di-redfly or indiredily shall be demanded or taken of any of hisMa-jefty^s fubjedts for providing or makingof any such books or regi-fters, or any entries, views, or fearchcs in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty*s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cods of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place also ; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this adf, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adlion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grievea, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such preference be unduly, made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and cods, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not diredt the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fucl^ orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and ctfds, in such man-Penaltieshow ner as aforesaid; all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, to be recover, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

No undue pre- VIII. Provided always, and it is declared. That if it shall fercncc, where happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as a-datecl the* forefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of fame day, the receipt to be reriftred, then, it shall be interpreted no un-fcc.	due preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters

them all the fame day.

Nor if fubfe-	IX. Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any un-

quent orders due preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the IhctTas w^re6 auc^tor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers pot demand- do Pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand led.	their,monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that

did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders ic| courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which shall not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

X.	And



175°J	Anno vicefirno tertio GfioRGii II. c. 21.	39

X.	And be it further enalted, That all and every person and Order* aflign-persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be regi- aWc'

fired by virtue of this alt, after order entered in the book of regiftry as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by proper words of affiznment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof to any other; which being notified in No fee for the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or entry, memorial thereof also made in the book of regiftry aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such aflignec, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefibrs and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and such alignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quotits j and afterwards it The aflign-fhall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or	tobe

hath made such affignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge V01dcd* the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XI.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole* the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, to be railed either by such loans as aforesaid, or by iffiiing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, 61 by both or either of thofe ways or means for the pub-Jick service; be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid.

That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any Commiflion-three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any ers of the three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time treafury may being, shall judge it more advifeable to raife the said fum of ^cquerew^•X,, nine hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by exche- for the said quer bills, inftead of such loans as aforesaid, that then they re- fum of fpdtively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or 9°o>00°l* times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, together with such loans as aforesaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of parliament (For granting an aid to bis Maje/ly, by a land tax, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty) are enacted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the said act.

XII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. Subject to the

That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, regulations advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in	'il?

the said laft-mentioned alt relating to the loans or exchequer	9

bills authorized to be made by the fame alt (except such claufes

as do charge the fame on the aids or afleftments, granted by the fame alt) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this alt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said laft mentioned alt9 or as if the

D 4	faid



40

Exchequer

bills &c to be repaid out of the finking fund,

Land tax, &c.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. ai. [1750.

faid several claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enadled in the body of this present adt.

XIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the exchequer bills as shall be made in purfuance of this a&, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the growing produce of the said furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the said finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adls of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said (inking fund shall and may be ififued and applied, as faft as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharging such exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money fufficient for that purpose be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedlive proprietors thereof.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one adt of this fef-fion of parliament (intituled. An act f$r granting afraid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty) and fo much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame adt, and all the intereft, Premium* rate and charges thereupon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the said land tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other adt of this feflion of parliament (intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majefly cer-* tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feruice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty) and fo much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, Pramium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the said duties, shall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and also all

and annuities, the monies coming into the exchequer, for contributions for annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, granted by one other adt of this present feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefly the sum of one million, to be raised by annuities" at three pounds per centum per annum, and charged on the finking fund, transferable at the bank of England ; and the sum of feventeen thousand five hundred and fifty three pounds, ten (hillings, and ten pence, remaining in the exchequer at Chriflmas laft, being the furplus of the additional v	duties

Malt tax,

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 21.

duties upon all wines imported, over and above fufficient to fa-tisfy the annuities charged thereupon; and the sum of twenty nine thousand eight hundred and fifty fix pounds, one (hilling, and eleven pence halfpenny, being tne furplus monies remaining in the exchequer at Michaelmas laft, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, of the rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights,* and of the duties on coaches and other carriages, after fatisfying all payments due thereupon; and the sum of feventy one thousand one hundred and fixteen pounds, feventeen (hillings and fix pence, being the furplus monies remaining in the exchequer at Michaelmas laft, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, of the fubfidy of poundage on goods and merchandizes imported, after fatisfying all payments due thereupon ; and also the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, by this adt granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several ufes and purposes herein after exprefled (that is to fay) it is hereby enadied and -.	..

declared by the authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the ^ be aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million ele- ifn,s*il. 5s. ven thousand five hundred and twenty one pounds, five (hillings, xod. towards and ten pence, for or towards the naval services herein afternaval more particularly exprefied ; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers ; and for or towards vi&uals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of his Majesty’s (hips for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XV.	And it is hereby also enaCted by the authority aforesaid, 10,000b to That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall Greenwich and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not^P11*1* exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the fup-

port of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the said hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country.

XVI.	And it is hereby also enaCted, That out of all or any 144,7081.16s. the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall arid may be ifiued and 4-d. towards * applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred the office of forty four thousand seven hundred and eight pounds, fixteen °rdnancc-(hillings and four pence, for or towards defraying the charge of

the office of ordnance for the land service, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land service, not provided for by parliament.

XVII.	And it is hereby likewise enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and

may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ex- ^ fo.. seeding one million two hundred thirty eight thou&nd seven ces.

hun-





of which 628,130!. 4s. yd. for guards &c. in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey j

•36,420!. 18s.

6d. xq. for Garrilbns,&c. in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Providence. *9-99*1- *s-yd. to the dukeofBrunf-wick Wolt'en-buttle j 8,6xol to the ele&or of Mentz. *x,37xl. 3s. id. xq. to the ele&or of Bavaria.

65,481!. 4s. 7a. for extraordinary land-forces, &c. in 1749. 49»*48l‘ 7s-6d. to out-penfionersof jChelfea Hof-pital |

5,1171. ns. 8d. to the two troops of horfe guards, &c.

67,0001. to reduced officers

S.S74-1- to re-duced officers widows, &c.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 21.'	[1750.

hundred and four pounds, nine (hillings and eleven pence, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly exprefled; (that is to fay) any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred twenty eight thousand two hundred and thirty pounds, four (hillings, and seven pence, for defraying the charge of the eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty seven effective men, including com-million and non-commiflion officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majesty’s land forces, in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, for the serviceof the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred thirty fix thousand four hundred and twenty pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland Gibraltar, and Providence, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty nine thousand nine hundred and ninety three pounds, three (hillings and seven pence, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with his moft ferene highnefs the duke of Brunfivick IVolfenbuttle, purfuant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thousand fix hundred and twenty pounds, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the elector of Mentz, purfuant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty two thousand three hundred and fe-venty two pounds, three (hillings, and one penny halfpenny, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the eledfor of Bavaria, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding sixty five thousand four hundred eighty one pounds, four (hillings, and seven pence, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his Majesty’s land forces, and other services incurred in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty nine thousand eight hundred forty eight pounds, seven (hillings, and fix pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-penfioners of Chelfea Hoftital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thousand one hundred fe-venteen pounds, eleven (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe, reduced ; and to fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding sixty seven thousand pounds, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, fubjeft to such rules to be obferved in the application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thousand three hundred feventy four pounds, for

paying

 i^.ooQle

1750J	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii H. C.af;	43

paying of penfions to the widows of such reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifh-ment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand fe-ven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty; which said fum of three thousand three hundred and feventy four pounds, shall be ifiued to such person or per-fons, as his Majesty fhall, by warrant or warrants under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, (fired and appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of halfpay officers, or their affigns, according to such eftablifhments, lifts, or other dire&ions, and with and fubjed to such condi-	lo-

tions, qualifications, and other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant or warrants, shall be gra- thewzrln* cioufly pleafed to dired and appoint; and any fum or Aims of North Ame-money, not exceeding one hundred twenty two thousand tworica, &c« hundred forty fix pounds, fixteen (hillings, and four pence, for defraying the expence of services incurred during the war in his Majesty’s colonies in North America, on account of the intended expedition against Canada, and for other services arifing therefrom, and for the fuccour of Nova Scotia.

XVIII.	And it is hereby also enaded by the authority afore-

faid, Xhat out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there lod. charges shall and may be ifTued ana applied any fum or fums of money of fettling No-not exceeding thirty fix thousand four hundred feventy fix pounds va Scotia, three (hillings, and ten pence, upon account, for defraying the charges incurred by tranfporting to his Majesty’s colony of No-va Scotia, and fupporting and maintaining there, a number of reduced officers and private men difmilted his Majesty’s land and fea service, and other his Majesty’s fubjeds now fettled in the said colony, and not provided for by parliament; and any 39,7781,191. fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty nine thousand seven *d! for Nova hundred feventy eight pounds, nineteen (hillings, and two Scotia, pence, upon account, for fupporting, maintaining, and enlarging the fettlement of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XIX.	And it is hereby also enaded, That out of all or any Rooo]# for the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifTued and the Bridge at paid to the commiffioners for building abridge crofs the river of Weftminlietv Thames, from the city of Wedminjler to the oppofite (hore in the

county of Surry, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as shall be appointed under the hands and feals of' the said commiffioners, or any seven or more of them, to receive the fame, the sum of eight thousand pounds, without account, other than is directed for other monies raised by virtue of several former ads of parliament, pafied during the reign of his present Majesty, for building the (aid bridge, to be applied to finifh the said bridge, and to enable the said commiffioners to perform the other trufts repofed in them..

XX.	And it is hereby also enaded by the authority aforesaid, out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there (hall

and

\

 L^ooQle

»749-

94,6551. 7S-4d, to make good the defi cieney of the half fubfidy.

io,oooh for

5,1831. 17s. 8d to make

44	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 2 r. [1750.

1 ,ooo,oool, to and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ?ay th* excec^'ng one million, to difcharge the sum of one million raised on™ he firifC *n purfuance of an act parted in the laft feflion of parliament, aids raised af- and charged on the first aids or fupplies to be granted in parlia-ter 19 Sept, ment, after the twenty ninth day of September, onethoufand fe-ven hundred and forty nine; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ninety four thousand fix hundred fifty five pounds, seven (hillings, and four pence, for making good the deficiency at Cbri/Imasy onethoufand seven hundred and forty nine, of the half fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, for paying the annuity and charges of management of the South Sea company, for fub-lu,0<><rt of the fcr*Ptlons *nto ^clr capital of annuities, granted by the fecond Bmtfh forts, at^ Anno one thousand seven hundred and eight; and any fum &c. upon the orfums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards coaft of Af- the support of the Britijh forts and fettlements upon the coaft of nca'	of Africa, to be applied in such manner, as hisMajesty shall think

3,3041 3s 46 ProPer » an(l there shall and may be iflued and paid to the truf-for Georgia, tees for efiablifiling the colony of Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thousand three hundred and four pounds, three (hillings, and four pence, by them to be applied for the further fettling and improving the said colony.

XXI.	And it is hereby also ena£led by the authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall good the defi- arij may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ftamp duties excee^,ng five thousand one hundred eighty three pounds, fe-p ' venteen (hillings, and eight pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties at ChrijlmaSy one thousand seven hundred and forty eight ; and any fum or fums of money not 13,3611. ios. exceeding thirteen thousand three hundred sixty one pounds, ten (hillings, and one penny, to replace to the said finking fund on fweets. * the hke fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings a barrel on fweets, or wines made from Britijh or foreign fruit or fugar, at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine; and any fum orfums of money, not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds, to replace to the said finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to anfwer one year’s interest due at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hun-0001 for ^rcc* ant* forty mne> after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings uttered on tkit P*r centum Per annum% on the principal fum of one million lent on fait duties. credit of the fait duties, wh;ch were continued for fix years, from Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, towards the supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five; and any. fum or fums of money, not exceeding seven thousand one hundred ninety fix pounds, four (hil-c’tK zq.4fo	and	five pence halfpenny, to replace to the said fink-

make good ing fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the the adm- deficiency of the additional duties on wines at Midfummery one

tional duties thousand seven hundred and forty nine ; and any fum or fums on wines.	'	4	^



1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH II. C. 21.	45

of money, not exceeding five thousand seven hundred twenty 5»7*4l- 3s. 9d. four pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence, to replace to the	on

faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make ijCences^o"fe-good the deficiency of the duty on licences for retailing of fpi- tailing fpiritu-rituous liquors, at Lady day, one thousand seven hundred and ous liquors, forty nine ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twen- 2I,5641. *s. ty one thousand five hundred sixty four pounds, two (hillings, JOd. iq. demand ten pence halfpenny, to replace to the said finking fund the cirncy of the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of du*i<Ls?1? SIafft the duties on glafs and fpirituoiis liquors, at Midfummer^ one ]jqUO?s.mUOUS thousand seven hundred and forty nine ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty nine thousand fix hundred thirty 39^3* I* $ *• one pounds, fix (hillings, and ten pence halfpenny, for making ciency* C good the deficiency at Cbriflmds, one thousand seven hundred at Chrifbnas, and forty nine, of the said duties on glafs and fpirituous liquors; 1749 > and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred fe- 275,7361.5s. venty five thousand seven hundred thirty fix pounds, five fhil- deficiency lings, and three pence, to make good the deficiency of the 0[a1^ for grants, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, fj™ ;s or

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, *

That the said aids and fupplies provided as aforesaid (nail not be ^be a liHl iflued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpose whatsoever, o- 0nly%Tthis ther than the ufes and purposes before mentioned, or for the act dire&s. several deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adfc or a&s, or any particular claufe or claufes

for that purpose contained in any other ad or ads of this pre-fent feflion of parliament.

XXIII.	And as to the said fum of sixty seven thousand pounds Rules to be by this ad appropriated on account or half-pay, as aforefa d , obfcived in the it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid, a,ppl!ca,r0n ot That the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in 1IC a

the application thereof; that is to fay, That no person shall . have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixieen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except such persons who did adual  service in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commiflion, and has had no com-million fince; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons, who would have been otherwiseintitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dilbanded in Ireland, except to such as

wer?



Anno viceiimo tertio Georgii ll. c. 21:

[1750.

a* Geo. a. c. 41.

were lately taken off the eftablirtiment of half-pay m Great Britain.

XXIV.	And whereas by an aft ofparliament made in the twenty fe-condyear of bis Majejiy's reign, (intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the (inking fund, for the  service of the yearonethoufand seven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raife a further fum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned ; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for applying a certain fum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horfe guards; and for continuing the bounties'on the exportation of Britijh and Irijb linens ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lotted tickets, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, orotherwife deftroyed) fevered fupplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several ufes and purposes therein exprejfed, amongfi which, any fum or Jums of money, not exceeding sixty seven thousand two hundred and twenty fix pounds, eighteen fallings, andfour pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejiy's land forces and marines, fubjeft nevertbelefs to such rules to be obferved in the application of the said half pay, as in and by the aforesaid aft were preferibed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, enaft-.	- ed, and declared by the authority aforesaid, That fo much of the

SSST- k’1* ^um sixty seven thousand two hundred twenty fix pounds, 67,fti6l. 18s. eighteen (hillings, and four pence, as is or shall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the said reduced officers, according to the rules preferibed by the said aft to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or such others, as by reason of their long service, or other-wife, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objefts of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be fignedin that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the said former aft to the contrary notwitnftanding.

Claufe forire-	XXV. And for the relief of any person or persons, who

wtfo°h^ave>nS trough aegleft or inadvertency, have omitted to pay the feve-omittted to ra* rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, pay the duties paid, contrafted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk, charged onin- apprentice, or fervant, which hath been put or placed to or with dentures. any maftcr or miftrefs to le3rn any profeffion, trade or employment, and to have such indentures or other writings, which (hal{ contain the covenant, articles, contrafts, or agreements, relating to the  service of such clerk, apprentice, or fervant, ftampt within the times by the several afts of parliament, for thofe purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to infert and write in words at length, in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof received, or in any wife direftly or ipdireftly given, paid, agreed, or contrafted for, with, or in relation

6

4d. appropriated in 1740, to the /-pay.





I75°*J A*nno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 21.	47

ladoa to every such clerk, apprentice, or fervant as aforesaid; be k ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That upon payment of the rates or duties upon monies, or such part of such monies fo neele&ed or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first day of Auguft, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, to such person or persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and ten-dering the said indentures or other writings to be (tamped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette, the fame indentures or other writings shall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever $ and the clerk, apprentice, or fervant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedtive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the said rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or Turns received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inferted, and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omiffions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of aqd from the said penalties, any thing in this or any former afts to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And whereas the fund upon which the bounties granted upon the exportation of British made fail cloth are charged, hath of late teen deficient, which has contributed to the decay of the said ma-

wfaflure; in order therefore to fecure the due and regular pay- The bounty ment of the said bounties for the future, be it enabled by the u.P°n *xP°.r'a* authority aforesaid. That from and after the first day of June, one fituiothito* thousand seven hundred and fifty, the bounty which is now paid for the payable upon exportation of Briti/h fail cloth out of the duty of future out of one penny pert 11, on foreign fail cloth imported, shall from time the old fubfi-to time for the future, be fupplied and paid out of such part of	%

the old fubCdies as are applicable to the payment of incidents 32.

(after fatisfying all payments already chargea thereupon, by any former a£t or alts of parliament in that behalf) in the like manner, and under the like regulation and reftri&ions, as are di-refted and preferibed by the several a<fts for the payment of such bounties.

XXVII.	Whereas great frauds and abufes are committed in the duties arifing from candles, Joap and ft arch, which apparently tend mt only to the diminution of the said revenues, but also to the difeou-ragementof the fair traders; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of

the fame. That from and after the first day of May, one thou- Candles, foap, fand seven hundred and fifty, no candles, foap, or (larch shall or ftarchim-be brought or imported into Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel P°rtcdcontra-from Ireland, or the ifle of Man, or from any other place or ry t0 w aCt* places whatsoever beyond the feas, otfierwife than in calk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package, each cafle, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package whereof, shall contain two hundred and twenty four pounds, of neat candles, foap, or (tarch at the lead, to be flowed openly in the hold of such (hifi or veflel importing the fame,

under



Goc e

48	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 2 r. [1750.

to be forfeited, under the penalties and forfeitures following (that is to fay) that and the mailer aji the candles, foap, or (larch fo imported, in any (hip or veflel »6 Geof*.*	contrary to this ad, together with the package, shall be forfeit-

c. 3a.	ed, and the mafter, mate, or other perfon, taking the charge or

command of such (hip or veflel, shall forfeit fifty pounds; and Officers may it shall and may be lawful for the refpedive officers of the customs feize the fame. or excife, or such other persons who are or shall be deputed or authorized thereto, by warrant from the high treafurer, com-miffioners of the treafury, or under treafurer, or by fpecial com-million from his Majesty, under the great feal or privy feal, to feize such candles, foap, or (larch, together with the calks, chefts, or other package, containing the fame.

Officers of ex- XXVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That cife may go on from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred board vcflels,	jt ^ajj an(j may ^ ]awfu] ancj for t^e officers of

his Majesty’s revenue of excife, or any of them, to go on board and enter into any (hip or veflel whatsoever, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of the kingdom of Great and rummage Britain, and to continue on board the fame, and to rummage and fearch in like manner as the officers of the customs may now legally do, for all candles, foap, and (larch, and to feize for his Majesty’s ufe, as well all such of the said commodities as shall be there found, which by the laws thereunto refpedively relating, shall be forfeited, together with the calks, boxes, chefts, bags, or other package containing the fame ; and in like manner to feize such of the commodities aforesaid, every or any of them, as before due entry thereof, with the proper officer or officers, and without paying or securing the duti.es on the importation thereof, shall be found unihipping or unfhipped out of such (hip or veflel, to be laid on land, without entry and payment of the duties due for the fame refpedively, together with the calks, chefts, boxes, bags, or other package whatsoever, containing the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand quality, quan- fCven hundred and fifty, where any fufferance, cocquet, ortran-weTeht &c. ®rc be granted, for any candles, foap, or (larch, to be (hip— ofthofecom- ped or put on board, to be carried forth to the open fea from modifies, un- any port, creek, or member, within the kingdom of Great Bri-der ^a,ty of ta*n* t0 be landed at any other place in the laid kingdom, such bfinS forfeit- tolerance, cocquet, or tranfire, shall refpedively exprefs the ed ^c.	1	quality,	quantity,	and	weight	of	the	faid candles, foap, or (larch,

and mark of the package fo to be (hipped, by whom such candles, foap, or (larch were made and fold, and to what place the fame is or are configned; and where any candles, foap, or (larch shall be fo (hipped or put on board, without such fufferance, cocquet, or tranfire, such candles, foap, or (larch, together with the package containing the fame, lhall be forfeited and loft; and it shall and may be lawful for the refpedive officers of the customs or excife, or such other persons who are or shall be deputed or authorized thereto, by warrant from the high treafurer, com-

miffioners

for candles, foap, and ftarch, &c.

Cocquets to exprefs the



Anno vicefimo tertloGeoRGII II. C. ill	4g>

miflioners of the treafury, or under treafurer, or by fpecial com-miflion from his Majesty, under the great feal, or privy feal, to feize such candles, foap", or ftarch, together with the cafks, or other package containing the fame.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Officers may That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers fe,ze tho.f® of excife or cuftoms, to feize any quantity of candles, foap, or

ftarch, together with the package containing the fame, that shall have been be found in any (hip or veffel, or shall be carrying in any cart made in prior waggon, or in any other carriage whatsoever, where they vate work-(hall have good reason to fufpedt and believe, the fame hath ciandeftinely been made in fome private workhoufe or other place, or clan- imported, &c. deftinely imported without payment of the duty, or that the fame	*

are candles, foap, or ftarch which have been exported, and relanded, after the duty had been repaid and drawn back for the lame at the time of the exportation thereof; and if the party in and the pof-whofe poffeflion such candles, foap, or ftarch shall be found, ^or. not does not at the hearing of the information for that purpose to paymen^of be exhibited as herein after directed, make it appear that the [he duty, duty hath been paid or fecured for the fame, all the said candles, foap or ftarch, fo feized for the caufes aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the package containing the fame; and the to forfeit the person in whofe poflcflion such candles, foap, or ftarch shall be goods* and 51. found, shall likewise forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds,	*

for every hundred pounds weight; and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled bv the authority aforesaid, Foreign can-That if any foreign candles, foap, or ftarch, shall be unfhipped dies, foap, or with intention to be laid on land before an entry has been made ftarch unffiip-thereof, with the proper officer or officers for the said duties, Pfd beforeen-and before the refpe&ive duties for the fame have been first paid ry*

or fecured; or if any candles, foap, or ftarch contained or fpe- or relanded, cified in any certificate, whereupon any drawback is to be made, atter Gripped, or whereupon any debenture is to be made forth for such draw- [*)0rncxporta" back, (hall, when (hipped for exportation, be landed again in 9 any part of Great Britain; such candles, foap, or ftarch, toge- forfeited, and ther with the package containing the fame, and the veflels and the veflels, boats, and all the horfes and other cattle and carriages whatfo- ^dae *9 See, ever, ufed in the landing, relanding, removing, carrying, or ® *	*

conveying of the aforesaid ^oods, shall be forfeited and loft, and may be feized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife; and the person or persons from whom such candles, foap, and the ^ or ftarch shall be feized, shall also forfeit and pay five pounds, feflor to pay for every hundred pounds weight thereof; and fo in proportion 5*- for cverX for a greater or lefs quantity.	weight.

XXXII.	And for the more effectual difeoveringand detecting persons har-the running of any candles, foap, or ftarch ; be it enadfed by the bouring any authority aforefaia, That in cafe any person or persons whatfo- thole com-ever shall knowingly harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall know- modnies un-ingly permit or fuffer to be harboured, kept, or concealed, such paJ^ candles, foap, or ftarch, which have been fo unlawfully imported,F *

Vol. XX.	E	or

 L.00Q le

So

to forfeit the goods,

and 50I. for every C. wt.

Method of proceeding when no per-fon appears u claim the goods within ao days.

Anno vlfcefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 21.'	\*750m

or which have been (hipped for exportation upon debenture, and fo relanded as aforesaid, the party or parties offending therein, whether, he, (he, or they, have or have not, or do, or do not claim or pretend to have any property or interest in such candles, foap, or (larch, fo harboured, kept, or concealed, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe all such candles, foap, or (larch, fo harboured, kept, or concealed, with theca(ks, veffels, or other package containing the fatne; and shall forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds, for every hundred pounds weight thereof; and in the fame proportion for a greater or leffer quantity.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes, where any such candles, foap, or (larch shall be feized as forfeited, and no per-* fon or persons within twenty days next after such feizure shall appear to the officer or officers who made such feizure, to claim the fame, then, and in such cafe, if such feizure or feizures shall happen to be made within the limits of the chief excife office in London, it shall and may be lawful for the officer or officers who shall make such feizure or feizures, from and after the expiration of the said twenty days next after such refpe&ive feizure or feizures, to caufe notice in writing to be figned by his Majesty’s folicitor for the revenue of excife for the time being, to be af-, fixed at the Royal Exchange, lignifying the day and time of the day, that the commiffioners of the excife for the time being, or three of them, will proceed to hear the matter of such feizure or feizures, and to the condemnation of the candles, foap, or (larch, fo feized as aforesaid, and of the ca(ks, veffels, or other package containing the fame; and if such feizure of candles, loap, or (larch as aforesaid, shall happen to be made as aforesaid, out of the limits of the feid chief excife office in London, it shall and may be lawful for the officers who shall make such feizure or feizures, from and after the expiration of twenty days next after such refpe&ive feizure or feizures, to caufe publick notice to be given by proclamation, at the next market town to the place or places where such refpeflive feizure or feizures shall be made as aforesaid, upon the next market day after the expiration of the said twenty days, of the day and place when and where the juftices of the peace will proceed to hear the matter of such feizure or feizures, and to the condemnation of the candles, foap, or (larch fo feized as aforesaid; in which said cafes it shall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners of excife, and juftices of the peace refpetfively, within their refpec-tive jurifdidlions to proceed to examine into the caufe of such feizure or feizures, and to give judgement for the condemnation of such candles, foap, or (larch fo feized, as upon due examination shall appear to be forfeited, and of the cafks, veflels, 0or other package containing the fame, which judgements shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, and final to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the refpedive owner or owners of the said candles, foap, (larch, or the refpedtive person or persons in whole cuflody the fame were or was at the refpe&ire

time





j#o.J Anno vicefimo terdo Georgii II. c. 21.	51

time or time* of the feizure or feizures thereof, had been refpec-, lively fummoned to attend the said commiflioners of excife or

juftices of the peace, in the manner herein before preferibed, and and not re-tfialJ not be liable to any appeal^ or to be removed by Certiorari; ™°veable by any thing in this present adt contained, or any law, ftatute, or Lertwraru provifionto the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Method of faid, That in cafe any officer or officers forthe said duties of ex- proceeding pife, shall have caufe to fufperft that any candles, foap, orftarch when officers shall be fraudulently hid or concealed in any place whatsoever, fufPc& foch either entered for keeping the fame, or not entered, with

intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties thereon, then and in ed. such cafe, if such place shall be within the cities of London or Weftminjiery or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the com-miffioners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, or in cafe the fame shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or morejuftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divi-tfion, or place where such officer shall fufpedfc the fame to be hid or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, or juftice or juHices of the peace refpe&ively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant or warrants, under his or their refpedive hands and feals, to authorize and hnpower such officer or'Officers by day or by night, but if in the night, in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall fo fufpedt such candles, foap, or ftarch to be fo fradulently hid or concealed, and feize and carry away ail such candles, foap, or ftarch, which he or they shall then and there find fo fraudulently hid and concealed, as forfeited, together with all the calks, thefts, boxes, bags, or other package whatsoever, wherein the fame shall be contained; and if any person or persons Penalty of ob-whatfoever, shall obftrutft, oppofe, moleft, lett, or hinder any Grafting of-officer or officers of or for the said duties, or any of them, inficcr#« • the doing, performing, or executing: any of the powers or authorities by this act given to such officer or officers ; every such person or persons offending therein, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXV.	And be it declared and enacted by the authority On feizure aforesaid, That if any of the said candles, foap, or ftarch shall f°r non P*y-be fo feized for non-payment of duties or non-entry, and any Jjcs^the proof difpute shall arife, whether the cuftoms, excife, or inland duties to hc on the have been paid for the fame, or the fame have been duly enter- claimer.

cd, then, and in such cafes, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the officer who shall feize or flop such goods.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-No drawback faid, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand on candles,

£ 2	fcven	(cap or ftarch.



5*

made in Ireland, &c.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 2 r.'	[1750.

Method of

ures.

feven hundred and fifty, no person who shall export from any part of Great Britain, candles, foap, or (larch made in Ireland, or in the ifle of Man, or in any other place or places whatsoever beyond the feas, (hall, on exportation thereof, be intitled to receive any drawback, or be repaid the duties, cuftoms, or im-pofitions, paid, payable, or Secured on importation of the fame, or any part thereof; any law* (latute, cuflom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

^ _____________ XXaVII.	And	be	it	further	cna&ed	by	the authority afore-

proceeding to faid, That when any candles, foap, or (larch shall be Seized by condemnation any officer of excife, or any other persons authorized thereto, of Such fciz- on boar(j any (hip or veflel, or unfhipping or unfhipped, as forfeited by virtue and in purfuance of this aCt; and when any candles, foap, or (larch shall be Seized- by any officer of excife, or any other persons authorized thereto, carrying or removing by land, or lodged or concealed in any place Whatsoever on (hore, as forfeited by virtue and in purfuance of this aCt; all such Seizures of the said goods and packages, and of the veflels, boats, horfes, and other cattle, waggons, carts, and other carriages, ufed for carrying and removing the fame (except such feizures # of the said goods and packages, and of the veflels, boats, horfes, and other cattle, waggons, carts, and other carriages, ufed for carrying and removing the fame) where no person or persons (hall, within twenty days after such feizure, claim the fame (in which cafe the method of proceeding has been herein before directed) and the several penalties and forfeitures by this adl respectively impofcd, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined in such manner and form as hereafter in and by this aCt is directed and appointed (that is to fay) all informations for the condemnation of such feizures, and for the penalties and forfeitures by this aCt refpeClively impofed, if the said feizures were made, and penalties and forfeitures incurred within the limits of the chief office of,excife in London, shall be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by the commiflioners of excife for the time being, or any three of them, or by the commiflioners of appeals, or the major part of them, in cafe of appeal, and not otherwise : and all informations for the condemnation of such feizures, and for the penalties and forfeitures by this aCl refpeClively impofed, if such feizures were made, and penalties and forfeitures incurred out of the limits of the said chief office of excife in London, shall be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by any two or more of the juflices of the peace for time being, refiding near to the place where such feizure shall be made, or penalty or forfeiture incurred ; and if either party find himfelf aggrieved by the judgement given by two or more juflices, he shall and may appeal to the juflices of the peace at the next quarter feffions, who are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and determine the fame; whofe judgement therein shall be final: which said commiflioners of excife and appeals, and the said juflices of the peace refpeClively, are hereby authorized and required, upon any information exliibit-

ed.



53

I750-] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.21.

ed, or complaint made, within three months after any feizure made, or penalty or forfeiture incurred, to fummon the party accufed, and also the witnefles on either fide; and upon the appearance, or default of the party accufed in not appearing (upon proof of notice given) to proceed to the examination or the matter of fa<ft, and of the witness or wftneffes, upon oath (which oath they the said commiflioners and juftices are hereby refpec-tivelyimpowered to adminifter) touching such feizure or feizures, penalties or forfeitures ; and thereupon to proceed to give judgement, as well for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this a<5t, which, upon due examination, or the voluntary confeflion of the party accufed, shall be found to be incurred, as for the condemnation of such candles, foap, or ftarch, and the packages, and the veflels, boats, horfes, and other cattle, waggons, carts, and other carriages, fo feized, which, upon due examination, or the voluntary confeflion of the party accufed, shall be found to be forfeited by virtue of this aor any other adt relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife, and to ilfue out their warrants for the fale of such candles, foap, or ftarch, and the packages, and veflels, boats, horfes, and other cattle, waggons, carts, and other carriages, as shall be fo by them refpedtivehr condemned ; and where the party accufed shall be convidted of the offence al-lcdged against him, to award and iflue warrants under their hands for the levying any pecuniary penalty or penalties fo adjudged upon the goods and chattels of the (aid offenders, and to caufp fale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within, fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) afld for want ot fufficient diftrefs, to imprifon the party offending till fatisfadlion be made.

XXxVIlI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be Power to mi-lawful to and for the said commiflioners and juftices, where they Agate the pe-(hall fee caufe, to mitigate or leflen any penalties and forfeitures, naltiest in such manner as they shall think fit 5 the reafonable cofts and charges of the officers, as well in making the difeovery, as in the profecution of the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty to lefs than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said cofts and charges y any thing contained in this a<5t to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further ena<5ted, That all penal- Applicationof tics and forfeitures in this a& mentioned (all neceffa/y charges t*ie Penalties, for the recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be employed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceuors, and the other moiety to the feizer or profecutor.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it enaefted, That no writ or writs Execution,&c. of Certiorari shall fuperfede execution, or other proceedings up- not to be fu on arty order or orders, made in purfuance of this a; but that Pfrfeded by execution, and other proceedings, shall and may be had and U; torarim made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

E 3	CAP,



54	Anno	viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 22.	[1750*

CAP. XXII.

' An all for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to fubfcribe the fame in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned; and for redeeming fucb of the said annuities, as shall not be fo fubfcribed and for impowering the Eaft India company to raife certain fums by transferable annuities.

Mojl gracious Sovereign, «

Geo. 1. c. 1. \\f HEREAS by an all made and pajfed in this present session VV of parliament, intituled. An act for reducing the several annuities which now carry an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to the several rates of interest therein mentioned ; it was amongji other things, enalled. That any per-fon and persons, bodies politick or corporate, who were interefted in, or intitled unto, any part of the national debt incurred before Mjchael-mas, one tboufand seven hundred and forty nine, redeemable by law, which now carries an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum ; and who jhould, on or before the twenty eighth day of February, one tboufand seven hundred and forty nine, fubfcribe their names, or fignify their confents, in books prepared for that purpofe, to accept of an interest of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of December, onethou-fand seven hundred and fifty feven, fubjell to the fame provifoes, notices, and tlaufes of redemption, which their refpeUive four per cents are now liable to; jhould, in lieu of their present intereft, be intitled unto, and receive an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one tboufand seven hundred and fifty 5 and from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one tboufand Jeven hundred and fifty, an interefi of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one tboufand seven hundred and fifty feven; and that no part of the fame Jhould be liable to be redeemed, except as therein is excepted, till after the said twenty fifth day of December, one tboufand seven hundred and fifty feven, as in and by the said all, relation being thereunto had, may more, fully appear: and whereas in purfuance of the powers given by the before recited all, great part of the said annuities, after the said rate offour pounds per centum per . annum, have been fubfcribed upon the terms of the said all: now we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being truly fenfible that the compleating the redudlion of the said annuities, carrying an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, which remain unfubferibed, would be of publick  service to the nation, have Time given to refolved, That any person or persons, bodies politick or corpo-30 May, to the rate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interefted in, or m-P£°Prietors titled unto, such part of the national debt, incurred before Mi-centannm-1 Velmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, redeemable





1750.J Anno Yicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.22.	5$

able by law, which now carries an interest of four pounds per ties, tofub-cenium per annum, as hath not been fubfcribed, in purfuance offcribe* &c* the (aid recited aft of this feflion of parliament, and who do, on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, fubfcribe their names, or fignify their confent, to accept of an interest of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, fubjeft to the fame provifions, notices, and claufes of redemption, which their refpective four per cents are now liable to, (hall, in lieu of their present intereft, be in-titled unto, and receive, an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty; and from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an interest of three pounds and ten (hillings per centum, per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty five; and that no part of the fame shall be liable sucli part of to be redeemed, until after the said twenty fifth day of December, the four per one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and that such partcent annuities of the national debt incurred before Michaelmas, one thoufand	1	t'£

feven hundred and forty nine, redeemable by law, which now ^ paid otf. carries an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, and which shall not be fubfcribed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be redeemed and paid oft'; and that your Majesty be enabled to borrow of any person His Majelhr or perfon$, bodies politick: or corporate, any fum or fums of impowered to money, not exceeding such part of the national debt, carrying an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by fund to payo§ law, as hath not been fubfcribed in purfuance of the said aft, the fame, and shall not be fubfcribed according to the aforegoing refolution, to be charged upon the finking fund ; and to be applied to pay off and redeem such part of thp said national debt, fo unsubscribed as aforesaid, upon any terms, not exceeding the rates of interest propofed in the said refolution : and whereas several notices have been given by the fpeaker of the houfeof commons, in purfuance of the refolution of the said hpufe, that urilefs the said unfubferibed annuities, carrying an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, be fubfcribed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the fame would be redeemed and paid off, according to the terms in the said notices contained respectively ; that is to fay. That fo much of the annuities transferrable at the bank of England, created in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty fix; and fo much of the annuities transferrable at the bank or England, as were raised by a lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, as have not been fubfcribed in purfuance of an aft pafled this session of parliament, and shall not be fubfcribed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fourth day of June, one thouland seven hundred and fifty one, agreeable to the claufes and powers of redemption, contained in

E 4	the



56	Anno	vlcefuno tertio Georgii II. c. 22.	[175a-

the several afts of parliament for creating the said annuities re-fpedtively; that fo much of the annuities transferrable at the bank of England, created in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, as have not been fubferibed, purfuant to an aft pafled this session of parliament, and shall not be fubferibed on or before the thirtieth day of Afey, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off, on the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, agreeable to the claufes and powers of redemption, contained in the aft of parliament for creating the said annuities; that fo much of the annuities transferrable at the bank of England, created in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, as have not been fubferibed, purfuant to an a ft pafled this session of parliament, and shall not be fubferibed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and .fifty one, agreeable to the claufes and power of redemption, contained in the several afts of parliament for creating the said annuities refpeftively; that fo much of the annuities charged upon wrought plate, and payable at the exchequer, as have not been fubferibed, purfuant to an aft pafled this session of parliament, and shall not be fubferibed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, will be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, agreeable to the claufes and powers of redemption contained in the aft made in the fixth year of the reign of King George the First, for laying a duty upon wrought plate; that the sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds, now due and owing to the united company of merchants trading to the Eajl Indies, will be redeemed and paid off in manner and form following, videlicet; one million and fifty thousand pounds, on the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one ; one million and fifty thousand pounds, on the twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; one million and fifty thousand pounds, on the twenty ninth day of September , one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and the remain-. ing fum of one million and fifty thousand pounds, on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, unless the sum of three million two hundred thousand pounds be fubferibed on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty: and therefore your faithful commons do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be en-afted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled. Notices giver> and by the authority of the fame. That such notices as aforesaid by the fpeaker, shall be and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be good and deemed eood ^u®cient n°fice or notices, within the true intent and mean-* ing of the several afts of parliament for the redemption of the said several annuities, and the fame shall be redeemable accordingly ;

57

175°*] Anno vicefimo terrio Georgii II. c. 22.

ingly; any thing in the fame, or any other aor a<$s of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any Theproprie-perfon or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who now are, tors fubicrib-or hereafter may be, interefted in, or intitled unto, any part of within die the national debt, incurred before Michaelmas, one thousand flowed (even hundred and forty nine, redeemable by law, which now an interest af-carries an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, as hath ter the several not been fubfcribed in purfuance of the said recited adt of this r.atcMne*lm present session of parliament; and who do, on or before thetlon * thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, fub-fcribe their names, or fignify their confent, to accept of an interest of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of Decembery one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, fubjedi to the fame provifoes, notices, and claufes of redemption, which their refpe&ive four per cents are now liable to, (hall, in lieu of their present intereft, be intitled unto, and receive, an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty; and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, an interest of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and that no part of the fame shall be liable to be redeemed, till after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. Such part of That such part of the national debt, incurred before Michaelmas, the. (aid an-one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, redeemable by law, which now carries an interest at the rate of four pounds per fcribed, to be centum per annum9 and which shall not be fubfcribed before the pud off. said thirtieth day of May, one tfioufend seven hundred and fifty,

(hall be redeemed and paid off.

J.V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. The Eaft In-That in cafe the sum of three million two hundred thousand diacompany pounds, now due and owing to the united company of mer-chants trading to the Eaft Indies, carrying an interest after the ^ 0	^

rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be not fubfcribed on or before the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, upon the terms herein before mentioned; then, and in such cafe not only the said fum of three million two hundred thousand pounds, but also the sum of one million, now due and owing to the said united company, at an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, by virtue of an act of parliament paffed in the feventeenth year ot his Majesty’s reign,

(hall be redeemed and paid off.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enadled by the Thc j authority aforesaid. That in cafe the said united company (hall, dia company on or before the said thirtieth day of May% one thousand seven fubfcribmg7 hundred and fifty, fignify their confent to the reduction of the within the interest of four pounds per centum per annum, now payable totime liraitcd»

the





58	AnnaviceGipo	tertio	G^oegu	II.	c.	22.	[1750*

the said united company, in refpe<ft of the said principal fnm of three million two hundred thousand pounds, to the several rates of interest before mentioned, redeemable by parliament, as afore-faid, and aJfo that the laid fum of one million, due and owing to the faid- united company, at an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, by virtue of the said a& of the . Seventeenth year of his Majesty’s reign, shall remain and continue at the (aid rate of three pounds per centum per annum9 until the feme shall lpe redeemed and paid off, according to the provifo contained in the said a& of the feventeenth year of his Majesty’s reign* in that behalf; that then it shall and may be are impower- fowfu} to and for the (aid united company, and they are hereby fent^of the'1" authorized and impowered by and with the confent and appro-treafury, to bation of the commillioners of bis Majesty’s treafury, or any three borrow or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three 4,too,ooo1. at or more of thecommiflioners of the treafary for the time being, ratesonnte- at ^h %m$ or times, and in foch manner, as they shall find to reft granted* be moft for the advantage of the laid united company, to bor-by this a£t, row, or take in by fuWcrrption, or otherwise, from any person &c*	or	persons,	bodies	politick	or	corporate,	who	are willing to ad-

vance the fame, any fum or foms of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds, by fale of annv&e** after the several rates of interest following ? that is to fay, any (um or fums, not exceeding three million two hundred thousand pounds, by fale of annuities, after the several rates of interest herein before propofed to be paid, for the said fum of three million two hundred thousand pounds, in cafe the lame shall be fubfcribed on or before the said thirtieth day of Mtyt one thousand (even hundred and fifty; and any fum or foms, not exceeding one'million more, by feie of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; all which (aid annuities shall be paid and payable to the refpedtive persons and corporations intitled thereunto, their executors, admini-ftrators, or affigns, at the office of the said united company, out of the fame duties and revenues, as the present annuities payable to the said united company, in refped of the said principal fums of three million two hundred thousand pounds, and one million, are now payable, and shall commence and be paid at such feaft days, as shall be agreed upon between the said united company, and the said several contributors refpe&ively ; and that the said fum of four million two hundred thousand pounds, (b to be advanced, or fo much thereof as shall be advanced as aforesaid, and all and every the annuities payable for or in re-fpe& of the fame, shall be free of all taxes, charges, and im-pofitions whatsoever; and shall be affignable or transferable in The annuitie* a book or books to be provided for that purpoie, in the office of to be free of the fejd united company, in such manner as the said commif-t Enables	pf the treafury, or any three or more of them now being,

or the said high treafurer, or any three or more of the commif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, shall dire# in that behalf, without foe or gratuity, and free from all charges; and

that



*75°*3 Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 22.	59

that the said annuities shall be deemed and taken to be a per- and aperfbnal fonal, and not a real eftate, and shall go to the executors or ad- cttatcS miniftrators of the person or persons dying poflefled thereof, in-terefted therein, or intitled thereunto, and not to the heir at law ; fubjeft nevertheless to such or the like provifo or condition of redemption by the publick, as the said fums of three million fubje&to re-two hundred thousand pounds, and one million, due to the said demption by company, would b$ fubjeft, in cafe such fubfcription by the Parhamcnt-faid company, on or before the said thirtieth day of May^ one thoufend seven hundred and fifty, and the said fums had then remained due from the publick to the said company.

VI.	And be it enadtedby the authority aforesaid. That the The power* several powers given to the said united company, by several g*lvcn th« a<fts of parliament now in force, of railing money by bonds un- ^fi^^oney der their com of on feal for the carrying on the trade of the said bonds, &c. company, and lending money on bottomry, and otherwise, as continued)

in the said ads, fome or one of them is mentioned, shall con- the money to

tinue and be in force, but that the amount of the fums which

the said united company shall raife by fale of annuities by virtue btmd^ebt!1

of this adt, as aforefaio, shall be by them applied towards the

difcharge of their present bond debt \ and shall be computed

and confidered as part of what they are foimpowered to borrow.

VII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it Power given

(hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most excellentto his Majesty majesty, by warrant under his royal (ign manual, to authorize	the

and impower the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or finking fund* more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three to pay off un! or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time"being, fubferibed an-to raife by loans or exchequer bills, or by way of fubfcription, nuhics*

or in such other manner or form as his Majesty (hall, in his great wifdom, think moft for the advantage of the publick, from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding such part of the national debt, carrying an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by law, as hath not been fubferibed in purfuance of an adfc of this feflion of parliament, and shall not be fubferibed according to the propofal herein before mentioned, to be charged on the (inking fund, and to be applied to pay off and redeem such part of the national debt fo unfubferibed as aforesaid, upon any terms not exceeding the rate of interest in the aforegoing propofal mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, reduced That the several annuities of four poqpds per centum per annum., annuities now payable in refpect of the said principal fum unfubferibed by made payable the proprietors thereof, and by this act continued to them un-

til the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun- four per cents.

dred and fifty, as also the several reduced annuities of three

pounds ten millings per centum per annum, and three pounds per

centum per annum, by this act made payable in lieu thereof, from

the refpeflive days therein mentioned, (hall, during the refpec-

tive continuances thereof, be paid and payable to the refpeltive

persons



 (jjOO^Ic

60	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.22.	[1750.

persons and corporations intitled thereunto, their executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, at the fame refpective offices and places, and out of the fame duties, revenues, and incomes, and at such time and times, and shall beaffignable, transferable, and’ difpofable in the fame manner and form, as the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum are now payable, affignable, transferable, and difpofable by the refpedtive adis and ftatutes now in force, for or concerning the fame, and as if this present adfc had never been made; fubjeeft neverthelcfs to redemption by parliament, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, in manner herein after mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Books to be lx. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, °akinCdhi^the ^at t^ere forthwith be prepared and kept in the office of fubfenpdons! auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, and also at the re-fpedtive offices of the governor and company of the bank of England, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britainy trading to the South Seas, and for encouraging the filhery, commonly called the South Sea Company, a book or books for taking in fubferiptions, or receiving the confent of such per-fon or persons as riow are or shall be interefted in, or intitled unto, any part of the said now unfubferibed annuities or inte-refts, after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, who are willing to accept of an annuity of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum in lieu thereof, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five ; and of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, to the end the proprietors of the said annuities, after the laid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, may make their fubferiptions, and give their eonfents, in the said refpedlive bock or books, under a proper preface to be prepared for that purpofe, by fubferibing their respective fums and names, with his, her, or their rcfpeCtive proper additions ; which said books shall conftantly lie open at the said receipt of exchequer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, for that purpofe, every day, (Sundays excepted) until the said thirtieth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and fifty in-clufive, and no longer; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietors of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annumy or such #perfon or persons, as he, Ihe, or they have authorized, or shall refpeCtively authorize and impower, by writing in that behalf, to fubferibe or confent for them, in manner aforesaid, to have free accefs to the said refpective books, at all feafonable hours, and they have hereby power to make their fubferiptions, or give their eonfents, for the whole fum or fums due to them, or any of them, according to this a<5t, without Officers to at- any fee or charge whatsoever; and the fevfcral and refpeCtive of-hours." °ftCC ^ccrs *n ^ receiPl °f exchequer, and other the publick offices



*75°-l Annovicefimo tertlo Georgii II. c. 22.	(Si

fices aforesaid, appointed to take in the said fubfcriptions, or receive such confents, as aforesaid, dial!, during the time aforesaid, conftantly attend at the said refpe&ive offices for that purpofe, at such hours as bufinefs is ufually tranfa&ed at the said several and refpedtive publick offices; and the several and refpedtive of- N . ficers at the said receipt, and other the publick offices aforesaid, pubii^Jd of are hereby required to caufe publick notice thereof to be forth- the books be-’with affixed in their refpedtive offices, and at the Royal Exchange, ing opened, and also to publilh in the London Gazette, that such books are prepared and lie open in the said refpe&ive offices for receiving such confent, and taking such fubfcriptions, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, subfcribersin-That all and every person and persons, bodies politick or corpo- titled to the rate, who have or (hall, on or before the said thirtieth day of several rates May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have fubfcribed, °* intcreft . or given their confent in the book or books aforesaid, to accept JJJ?*^ned m of an interest or annuity after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five ; and of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, in lieu of their pre-fent annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and they are hereby declared to be intitled to an annuity of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and to an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, redeemable by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, and the principal or capital for which the fame shall be payable, are hereby declared, and shall be adjudged, taken, and accepted in con-ftru&ion of law, and in all courts of law and equity whatsoever, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to be a perfonal and not Annuities to a real eftate, and shall go to the executors or adminiftrators of be a perfonal the person or persons dying pofiefled thereof, interefted therein, ettate, or intitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of such person or persons ; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding; and that the said annuities shall be free from all an(j free from taxes, charges, and impofitions whatsoever, in the fame man-taxes, ner as they now are.

XI.	And it is hereby enabled and declared. That it shall and Executors may be lawful for all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, &c truftees, committees of the estates of ideots or lunaticks, and tied for not the accomptant general of the court of chancery, and the de- iubferibing. puty remembrancer of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, to make, or caufe to be made, fubfcriptions in the said book or

books.



H

Treafury to defray the charges of this ad.

Funds appropriated for payment of the reduced, and unfub-fcribed annuities.

rAnno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.til [1750.

books, fignifying their confent to accept an interest or annuity of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, until the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty leven, ana of an annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, for and on the behalf of their refpe&ive teftators, infants, minors, femes covert, ideots, or lunaticks, and the fuitors of the court of chancery, and of the said court of exchequer, and others, for whom they are or shall be refpedively intruded; and such executors, adminidrators, guardians, trudees, committees, and accomptant general, and deputy remembrancer, are, and shall be, by virtue of this ad, indemnified in and for doing the fame.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby authorized, out of any money remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the duties, revenues, and incomes appropriated for the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum^ to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this ad, in relation to the taking in such fubfcriptions, or receiving such confents as aforesaid, and to defray all such incident charges, as shall neceflarily attend the execution of the said ad, in such manner as to them shall feem juft and reafonable.

XIII.	And it is hereby also enaded by the authority aforesaid. That all the duties, revenues, and incomes which are now appropriated, fubjed, or applicable to the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be fubjed and liable to the payment of such of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum, as shall not be fubferibed, in cafe any shall be unfubferibed, and also of the said reduced annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, in the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as the fame were liable and fubjed to the payment of the said annuities of four pounds per centum per annum; and ail the monies coming into the exchequer, of or for the several duties, revenues, and incomes, appropriated, fubjed, or liable to the payment of the said unfubferibed annuities and of the said reduced annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, which shall be more than fufficient to anfwer and pay the said refpedive annuities, (hall, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, be applied to the fame ufes, intents, and purposes, and in the fame manner, as the several furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies of the (aid duties, revenues, and incomes are now applicable.

XIV.	Pro-

I75°* 1 Anno viccfimo tertlo Georgii II. c. 23,24.	63

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the audio- Claufe of re-rity aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of demption. December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, the said reduced annuities of three pounds per centum per annum, {hall and may be redeemed by parliament, upon giving the fame notices, and making the fame payments of principal money at a time to such persons or corporations as now are, or hereafter shall be, intitled to the said annuities, and of all arrearages of the said annuities, as are directed to be given and made by the several and refpedive ads, by which the said several annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were made payable, and from and after payment of any such principal money, to the said persons or corporations, as are or {hall be intitled to the fame, a proportional part of the said annuities (hail ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue several laws for preventing the fpreadine of the di£ temper which now rages amongft the homed cattle j and for impower-ing his Majesty to pronibit the killing of cow calves.

CAP. XXIV.

An ait for the encouragement of the Bridlh white herring

fifhery.

WHEREAS the carrying on, and improvement of, the Bri- See 16 Geo. 1.

tilh white herring fijheries, are of great importance to theft c. 9. kingdoms, as they may be of great advantage to the trade and navigation thereof and may be a means of employing and providing for great numbers of induflrious poor, provided the fame could be carried on with a fujjicicnt flock, under proper regulations, and that reafon-able encouragements be given to such persons as are willing to carry on the said fijheries: therefore for the encouragement of such persons as are willing to carry on the said fifheries, and for the better regulation of the said trade, and for preventing frauds and impofitions in the management thereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the adyice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled and by the authority of the fame.

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty fuccefiors, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Bri- impowered to tain, to incorporate the right honourable Sir Samuel Pennant lord grant letters mayor of the city of LondonSir James Lowther baronet. Sir corporate*”he Nathaniel Curzon baronet, Sir Bouchier Wrey baronet, Sir Walter persons herein Blacket baronet, Sir Ciril Wych baronet, Sir Richard Lloyd knight, mentioned, Edward Vernon cfquire, William Whitaker, Stephen Theodore Janf-fen, and Slingjby Betkell, efquires, aldermen of the city of London ; lieutenant general Roger Handafyd, lieutenant general Richard Onflow, lieutenant general James Oglethorpe, Thomas Fon-nereau enquire, Vtlters Comewall efquire, William JVilly efquire,

George

6



64	Anno	vicefimo tertJo Georgh II. c. 24.	[1756;

George Doddington efquire, William Northey efquire, Charles Gray efquire, William Davis efquire, Edward Stevenfon efquire, Paul Humfrey efquire, John Edwards efquire, Francis Crajleyne efquire, Meffieurs Neufville and Scbuman, Andrew Drummond efquire, captain George Steevens, Robert Crammond efquire, Jeffery French efquire, Matter Michael Miller of Bri/lol, Matter Robert Mackay, Matter Jonathan Perry, Matter Richard Baker, Matter William , Bowden, John Bance efquire. Matter Peter Symond, Theodore Cock efquire, George Dunbar efquire, Taylor IVhite efquire. Matter John Patten, Matter	Clark of the Old Jewry, Alichael

iVilkins Conway efquire, Archibald Stuart efquire, John Spooner efquire, Arthur Beard fly efquire, Matter Roger Hogg of Bajitig-hall Street, Matter William Crammond, Matter Hutchinfoti Muir, Matter Robert Scott, Matter George Spence, Matter Robert Cady, Richard Taunton efquire, William Belchier efquire, William Thornton efquire, Francis Gwyn efquire, Peter Delme efquire, Jonathan Watfon efquire, Thomas Salujbury efquire, Richard Gildart efquire, John Hardman efquire, Lawrence Dundafs efquire, Thomas Curtis efquire, Michael Beecher efquire, Jofeph Perchal efquire, Edward Ironfide efquire, alderman of the city of London ; George Walker efquire, and all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who, in their own right, or as executors, adminiftra-tors, fucceflors, or afligns, derived or to be derived from, by, or under, the original proprietors, at any time or times hereafter, shall have, and be intitled to, any part, (hare, or interest of or in the capital fum of five hundred thousand pounds herein after-mentioned, fo long as they refpe&ively shall have any such part, ttiare, or interest therein, to be one body politick and cor-by the name porate,in deed and in name, by the name of The fociety of the ofThe Society free Britifti fijhery; and by that name to have a fucceflion to con-of the free tinue for the term of twenty one years, and to have a common Bntiih fishery $ feai, wjtj1 p0Wer, from time to time, to chufe their governor, or ax years. prep1(jentj v;ce prefident, council, and other officers, in such manner, and under such qualifications, with regard to the electors, and eledled, as shall be directed in such letters patent; the first governor, prefident, vice-prefident, and council, being qualified in the like manner as all subsequent governors, prefi-dents, vice prefidents, and council, (hall, by the said letters patent, be directed to be qualified, and to continue in their refpec-tive offices for the space of three years, from the date of the said letters patent.

Society im- II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That powered to it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and make by-lawsj fucce{Tors, by the said letters patent of incorporation, to im-power the said fociety to make by-laws from time to time, for the regulation and government or the said fociety; and for the regulation and management of the said trade and commerce which shall be carried on by them ; and for the curing, forring, and packing their white herrings in such manner, as effe<5tually -	to fecure the credit of the said commodities in foreign markets;

and for the government of the fervants, and others employed by the said fociety in the said filheries.

III.	And

G<' :>gle

,750*] Anno vicefimo tertio GfioRGii II. C. 24.'

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That and to direct it'fhall be lawful for the said fociety, from time to time, to di-

red what Teals or marks they shall think proper to be put on all ^atrG* every or every barrel or cask of their fi(h; and that if any person or barrel of fi(m persons whatlbever shall counterfeit such feal or mark, or shall knowingly affix such feal or mark, fo counterfeited, to any barrel or cask of fi(h not belonging to the said fociety, such persons Penalty of lhall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds for each counterfeiting offence, to be recovered by adion, plaint, or information, in the ramc* any of his Majesty’s courts of record at  Westminster> or in the court of feflion in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the one moiety to be paid to the said fociety, and the other moiety to be paid to such person or persons as shall fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it shall and may be law- The fociety fulforhis Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by his said letters impowered t<| patent, to impower the said fociety, by a voluntary fubfeription, of\oo 000h to raife the sum of five hundred thousand pounds ; which said 5 *

fum, when fo raifed, shall be the capital (lock of the said fociety; and to direct how the property of the persons fubferib-ing may be afeertained, transferred, and alienated.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the said letters patent, to impower the said fociety,

or such part thereof, as shall in the said letters patent be for an(J ^

that purpose named, to make calls, and dired the payment of cajis for pay.

any part of the said fum of five hundred thousand pounds, ment of the

which any person or persons shall fubferibe towards carrying on fubfeription*

the said undertaking, at such times as the said fociety, or fach

part thereof as shall be for that purpose named, shall dired and .

appoint, fo as the first payment direded to be made, shall be^^“**0*

made within the space of thirty days from the time of such fub- [he

feription, and be after the rate of ten pounds by the hundred

of the whole fum fubferibed, and fo as the fecond payment be

after the rate of ten pounds by the hundred of the fum fubferib-*

cd; and that the other payments be purfuant to the diredidn

of a general court of the said fociety, which shall be for that

purpofe aflembled, or a majority of them ; and in cafe any per- The fociety

fon or persons shall refufe or negled to pay any money which may fell the

(hall be fo called for by the said fociety, at the times when the	t^

fame shall be appointed to be paid, notice of such call being pay> after no* •

given in the London Gazette by the said fociety at lead thirty ticeof call in

days before the day appointed for such payment, it shall be law- the Gazette.

ful for the said fociety to fell and difpofe of fo much of the (hare

or flock of the person or persons fo negleding or refhfing, as

(hall produce the fum which such person or persons ought to

have paid on such call; provided that all such money which subfoiptions

(hall be fo fubferibed and direded to be paid, shall be paid into to be paid into

the bank of England, on account of the said fociety.	the bank.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That for an encouragenfent si.percent, to such persons as shall become fubferibers to the said ftock for pgr annum, carrying on the said filheries, that the sum of three pounds by for the Aims

VOL. XX.	F	the	employed in



Anno vlcefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 24.'

[1750.

be fi^ery i° ^e y?ar» ^or eac^ hundred pounds which shall be altually em-fociery for >C Pl°yed m f^d finery, and proportionably for any greater H years. or lefler fum, shall be paid to the proprietors of the said (lock, for and during the (pace of fourteen years from the date of the said charter, out of the cuftoms, by the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuftoms, by equal half-yearly payments; and to the end it may be known, what fums shall from time to time be altually expended or employed by the said fociety in the said filhery, an account shall be delivered to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s customs of the fums which shall be fo expended or An account of employed; and the said account shall be produced by the ac-thc said fums comptant of the said fociety, who (hall, if required by the com-tobegivenan- miftioners, produce his vouchers, diftinguilhing the several ar-nually to the tjc|es jn which the said fums shall be fo expended or employed, oMhe £” which account fliall be figned by three, at leaft, of the council (toms.	of the said fociety, as an atteftation that they have examined the

faid account, and believe the fame to be ju(t; and such account shall also be attefted by the oath of the accomptant of the said fociety, that he believes the fame to be a juft and true account; which oath shall be made before any two commiflioners of his Majesty’s customs (who arc hereby impowered and required to adminifter the said oath) and shall be wrote at the foot of the said account; and the said oath and account shall be left in the cuftodyof the commiflioners, and thereupon they, or any three of the said commiflioners, shall make order that payment be made by the receiver general of his Majesty’s customs to the said fociety, or such person as shall be by them impowered to receive the fame, after the rate aforesaid, for such fums as by such account shall appear to be fo actually employed or expended by the said fociety, in or on account of the said filhery.

* ioo}ooo 1. to VII. Provided, and be it further enabled by the authority a-be employed forefaid, That the said fociety shall employ the sum of one hun-dfed thousand Pounds at leaft in the said fifheries, within the months from space °f eighteen months after the date of such fubfeription ;

and that for the manifeftation of the fums which shall be fo employed by the said fociety, the accounts of the said fociety shall be annually laid before parliament; and if lofs (hould arise by any year’s adventure, and there (hould be gain by theSucceeding years, the said gain shall be applied fo as to complete and make good the veflels and filhing (lock, to the full value of the said original fum of one hundred thousand pounds, before any dividend shall be made out of the said gain.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That such fums as shall bona fide be contra<5led to be months,deem- paid within fix months, shall be deemed employed within the ed t0 be era- fenfe and meaning of this alt, in cafe fo much money of the ployed. said company as will be fufficient to anfwer the said contrails . refpellively, (hall, at the time of making the fame, be in the bank of England, and there remain for the purpose of paying the fame; such contrails being in writing, and figned or executed in the prefence of two witnefles. .	*

IX.	And

the date of - the fublcrip* 'fion.

The accounts to be laid before parliament.

Sums contracted to be paid in 6



*75°*J Anna viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24;	67

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, No transfer to That no transfer shall be made of any of the said (lock or (hare j?e made of the of or in the said five hundred thousand pounds, for the space of years. °F VC five years from the date of the said charter; but that the fame y

fhall be abfolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X.	Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the Executorsand executors and adminiftrators or devifees of any person or per- aOignees of fons who shall happen to die pofleffed of, or interefted in any bankrupt*, such flock or (hare of or in the said five hundred thousand may tran -pounds, and also for the aflignees under any commiflion of bankrupts, to tranfer such flock or (hares, and difpofe of the produce thereof, in such manner, as they may by law difpofe of any

other effects of such teftator, inteflate, or bankrupt.

XI.	And be it further enadted. That as a further encourage- 30 s. per ton ment to all persons whatsoever, as well bodies politick and cor- bounty to be porate as others, and also the persons who shall be fo incorpo- paid out of the rated, to engage in the said white herring filheries, that a boun- dccked^ve^U ty of thirty (hillings per ton shall be paid annually, out of such built for the fums as shall be produced out of his Majesty’s cufloms, to the filheries. owner or owners of all decked veffels, from twenty to eighty

tons burthen, which shall be built, after the commencement of this ad, for the ufe of the said fifheries, and fitted out and employed in the said filheries, whether by the said fociety, or any other person or persons whatsoever, in manner, and under the regulations herein after-mentioned.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That every such bufs or vef- Conditions of fel, which shall be employed in the said white herring fifh- the bounty, cries, by the said fociety, or whofe owners shall be intitled to

the bounty of thirty (hillings per ton, by virtue of this ad, shall be a decked bufs or veffel, built in Great Britain, after the commencement of this ad; and shall proceed on the said fifhery from fome port in Great Britain, manned and navigated as by the law now in force is direded : and before such bufs or veffel proceed on such voyage, or be intitled to the benefit of this ad,

(he shall be vifited by such officer or officers of the cufloms belonging to such port, who shall be appointed by the commiffio-ners of the cufloms to examine into such bufs or veffel; and who shall take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeafure-ment, and shall certify such his or their vifitation, examination, and admeafurement, to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cufloms, and that (he hath on board such a quantity of filhine nets, and other (lores to be ufed in the said fifhery, as herein after are mentioned, and otherwise is a proper veffel to be employed in the said fifhery: and, upon its further appearing by the -oath of one or more owner or owners, or agent appointed by them, or of a proper officer or agent of the said (ociety (who shall be appointed for that purpofe) and of the mafter or chief officer of such veffel, written at the foot of the said certificate, and made before the colledor and comptroller of such port, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter the fame, That it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined refolution,

F 2	that





How every veflel employed in the fifliery shall be qualified, &c.

Anno vicefimatertio Georgii II. c.241	[1750.

that such bufs or veflel shall proceed refpe&ively, fo manned, fur-nifhed, and accoutred, either to BraJ/ey's Sound in Shetland., and be at the rendezvous of the said filhery there, on or before the eleventh day of June, and shall not (hoot or wet their net before the thirteenth day of the said month of June, and shall continue following and fifhing amongft the (hoals of herring, as they move fouthward, to the first day of Oftober, or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argylljhire, and be at the rendezvous of the said filheries, on or before the first day of September, and shall continue fifhing among the (hoals of herring, as they move, to the thirty first day of December, unless they shall have fooner corn-pleated their loading of fi(h; and shall fi(h in an orderly and regular manner, without impeding or obftru&ing other veflels which shall be employed in the said filhery; and shall keep a journal of their proceedings,, and an account of what quantities of fi(h they shall difoatch away to foreign markets in their jag-gers or tenders, before they come into port, befides the particular quantity they shall bring into port with them: and if, after such certificate had, and oath made, such owner or owners, or officer or agent of the said fociety, and mafter or chief officer of such veflel, as aforesaid, do also become bound, with two fufficient fureties, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the penalty of such fum as shall be equal to treble the bounty on the tonnage of his veflel, intended by this adfc (which bond the collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the space of three years, against the mafter and his fureties) for the faithful dealing of his said mafter, and (hip’s company, in regard to the said veflel and voyage; then and in (uch cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the colle&or and comptroller of such port to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the mafter and owners of such bufs or veflel, full licence and authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid.

XIII.	And to prevent any difputes which may arife, whether a veflel be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the herring filhery, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, and intitled to a certificate from the cuftom-houfe officers; it is hereby ena&ed. That every such veflel shall be a decked veflel, built in Great Britain, after the commencement of this a<ft, and shall have on board twelve IVmcheJler bulhels of fait for every laft of fifh, which such veflel is capable of holding, which fait shall be barrelled up in new barrels, and as many more new barrels as such bufs or veflel is capable of carrying, and shall have two fleets of tanned nets, proper for the herring filhery ; that is to fay. That every such bufs or veflel of the burthen of feventy tons, and defigned for this filhery, shall on her proceeding to fea, have on board one fleet of fifty nets, each net to be thirty yards full upon the rope, and seven fathoms deep, and fo in proportion for any veflels of a greater or lefler tonnage, and be provided with one other fleet of fifty like nets, on board a jag-2	ger



I75°-J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24	69

ger or tender, which is to attend the said fhhery, or left on Siore in a proper place, for the ufe of the said bufs or veflel:

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That every such veflel ofVeflelsofto twenty tons, which shall be employed in the said filhery, (hall

have on board at such of the places aforementioned, as shall be^enj £C> appointed for their rendezvous, not lefs than fix men, and every veflel of greater burthen, (hall, over and above the fix men a-forefaid, have one for every five tons which (he shall exceed twenty tons.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Officer of the

on the return of such veflel into any port of Great Britain, for cuftonis»to go her difeharge, the chief officer of the cuftoms, or such other	h*vrery

officer of the customs as he shall appoint at such port, shall im- return} who mediately repair on board such veflel, and view the condition of is to certify the such veflel and her lading, and certify the fame, together with tonnage, and their obfervations thereon, and also the real tonnage of the said JJ^er&o bufs or veflel, and the said officers are also to take an account xhe matter to of the names of the mafter and other persons on board, and to make path, certify the fame; and the mafter shall make oath before the col- that his veffe£ lcftor and comptroller of such port (who are hereby impowered

and required to adminifter the fame) which shall be wrote on fore^ention* the back of, or annexed to the licence granted as aforesaid, and ed. which they are hereby required to deliver up, and what they did in purfuance thereof, that such veflel was at one of the places before-mentioned, at the time appointed by this aeft, and has not fince been on any other voyage, orpurfued any other defign or view of profit, and that they did remain filhing according to . the direction of this aft, and had at the time of their rendezvous the quantity of nets and other (lores, and number of men herein before directed to be on board the said veflel and jagger or tender, or left on (hore as aforesaid; all which certificate. Certificate:, fchedule, licence, and oath, together with the account of the &c* rto. ** fi(h taken by the said veflel, shall be transmitted by the collector Jh^commif^0 and comptroller of such port, to the refpeftivecommiflioners for (loners from that part of Great Britain, from whence the bufs or veflel de- whence the parted with her licence; and such commiflioners being fully fa^- depart-tisfied of the faithful dealings of the mafter, and other persons c * employed in such veflels, with refpeft to such voyage and fifh- who are to ing, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to be'made to the owner cauftpayment or owners, or to his or their afligns, by the receiver general of g t the cuftoms, the sum of thirty (hillings per ton, according to the 3	•

admeafurement of such veflel, duly certified as aforesaid.

XVI.	Provided always, That iuch bounty of thirty (hillings Bounty of 30s. per ton aforesaid, shall be paid yearly, during the space of four- ^^yearf r teen years, from the commencement of this aft, and no longer, ^ years, upon conforming to the regulations of this aft.

XVII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft shall be con- This aft not ftrued to extend to exclude any of his Majesty’s fubjefts, who

(hall not be members of the said fociety, or employed by them, ftyVfubjefti* from filhing or carrying on the white herring and cod fiftieries,

F 3	and



the name of *Thc Fijhing Chambtr,

pf London,

•	70	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.24.	[175°*

and any other whatsoever, in such manner as they might have done, in cafe this a<5t had never been made.

XVIII.	And whereas the encouragement above-mentioned ought to be extended, as far as may be9 to all the fubjefts of Great Britain: and whereas the fupporting and enriching the cities and towns, being ports, will be for the fecurity and good of the realm, by augmenting the navigation, andJlrengthening the fea coajis: be it therefore enacted, Perfons fub- That any number of persons, who lhall fubfcribe ten thousand fcribing pounds, or upwards, into the dock of the said fociety, and lhall io,°o°r. under carry on the said filhery under their own management, and on

*	*	^	t^ejr Qwn account Qf profit and lofs, conformably nevertheless

to the directions of this a<5t, and of the said intended charter, except as to their being obliged to ufe the marks of the said fo-

ciety, and from the port named by them, if they do fubfcribe under the name of The Fijhing Chamber of such city, town, or who fliall fend port refpeCtively; and shall fend their account of monies ex-their accounts pended in the said fifheries, which account lhall be attefted by to the fociety three Qf tjie committee, to be appointed by the majority of such fubferibers, for managing the matters of tne said chamber, and be also figned by a person to be appointed by the majority pf such fubferibers, to be the accomptant of the said chamber, who lhall make oath before one of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, that he verily believes the fame is a true account, the vouchers whereof he lhall produce, if required; the said account lhall be tranfmitted to the governor and council of the said fociety at London \ and the accomptant of the said fociety at London lhall be impowered, and is hereby required to enter the fame, as a fum expended in the said fimeries, by the said fociety, in the account which he lhall deliver in to the eommifTioners of the cuftoms, as aforesaid; and the said chamber shall be intitled to, and receive yearly, three pounds for every hundred pounds, in the fame manner as the fociety do for any other monies employed in the filhery by the said fociety, after deducting the ne-cpflary charges and expences arifing from the receipt of the fame.

XIX.	Provided alfo. That such chambers which lhall fo trade or filh on their own account, lhall not have any profit or lofs arifing from the trade of the said fociety.

XX.	Provided always, That.the receiver general of his M3-jelly’s customs lhall pay yearly the said fum of three pounds for every hundred pounds, unto the said fociety in London, or to such person or persons, as lhall be by them impowered to re-

yearly if. per ceive the fame j and the said fociety fhn.ll pay over the said year-***** to the ly fum of three pounds for every hundred pounds, deducing London °who t^ereout t^e neceflary charges of receiving the fame, unto the are^o pa^ refpe&ive filhing chambers intitled thereto, or to such person or over the lame persons as lhall, by the said chambers refpe&ively, be impoww to the refpec-ered to receive the fame.

tive Fijhing	y ** '

Chambers.

cap.

frail he entitled ro 31. per cent, per annua}.

Fijhing Chambers not to have any profit, &c. from the trade of the fociety.

Receiver general to pay

 VjOOQle

,75° J	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.

CAP. XXV.

An a£l for making good a deficiency upon the revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, and for preventing ary future deficiency therein, to anfwer the publick fer-vices provided for out of the fame •, and for augmenting the income of the office of mafier or keeper of the rolls.

WHEREAS by an ait of parliament made and paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejiy King George/fo Firfi, intituled, An a& for relief of the fuitoj? of the high court of Chancery; after reciting (amongfi other things) That Fleetwood Dormer, and John Borrett, efquires, both deceafed, formerly ma-fiers of the said courts and Richard Godfrey, and Edward Conway, efquires, then mafiers of the fame court, had been deficient in anfwer-ing the money and effefls ordered by the court into their hands, and which deficiency, after deducing what Jhould be made and produced out of the efiates and effefls of the said deficient mafier s, and the sum of thirty thousand pounds given by his Majefiy, on the addrefs of the houfe of commons, towards the relief of the said fuitors, amounted, according to the then computation, to the sum of fifty one thousand eight hundred fifty one pounds, nineteen Jhillings, and eleven pence farthings befides several other claims on the offices of four of the said deficient mafiers remaining, and which, if allowed, would greatly incrcafe the said deficiency \ it was, for the relief of the said fuitors, and making a provifion for payment of their jufi debts and demands, enafled, That there fbould be raifed, colie fled, and paid, throughout England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the term of fixteen years, from the fecond day of Auguft, one thousand seven hundred and twenty fix, for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any original writ Uxcept Juch original on which a writ of Capias iffiues) Subpcena, bill of Middlesex, Latitat, writ ^/“Capias, Quo minus, writ fl/'Dedimus Poteftatem to take an-fwers, examine witnejfes, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever,	any other procefs or mandate that Jloould iJJ'ue out of

er pafs the feels of any of the courts at Westminster, courts of great fejfions in Wales, courts in counties palatine, or any other court whatsoever holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty Jhillings, or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, Jhould be ingrojfed or written (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for fuffiering common recoveries, and writs of Habeas Corpus, always excepted) the sum of fix pence \ for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any entry of any aflion in the mayor's and Jheriffis courts of London, and in courts in all corporations, and other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, procefs, or mandates ijfue, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty /hillings, or above, Jhall be ingrojfed or written, the sum of fix pence; and j or every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which Jhould be ingrojfed or written any citation or monition made in any ecclefia-Jlical court, the sum of fix pence; and the said fums and duties Jo to fie raised and collefled, were thereby appointed to be under the diree-

F 4	tion

7*

u.c.33.

JZ	Anno	viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.	[175P.

tion and management of the commifftoners of the Jlamp duties; and such provifion was mode for the levying, receiving, and enforcing the payment of the fame, as in the said aft is mentioned, expreffcd, and provided in that behalf: and it was thereby enafted. That the money thereby to be raised and colie fted, Jhould be paid into the bank ^England ; and the said court of Chancery was thereby impowered to borrow any sum of money upon the fund thereby granted, not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixty thousand pounds: and it was thereby also enafted. That ail the money then depofited, or thereafter to be de-pjfited in the bank, on account of the fuitors of the said court of Chancery, or by opder of the said court, and all the monies ariftng by the rates and duties given by the said aft, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the bank, Jhould be accounted and taken to be one common and general cajh, and Jhould be promifcuovfly ijfued and ijjueable when and as the court of Chancery Jhould dir eft, for the anfwering, paying, and clearing the debts and demands of any of the fuitors of the said court: and whereas by another aft of parliament made m the jGeo.a. c. 32. ninth year of the reign of his prej'ent Majefy, intituled. An act for continuing, for the purposes therein mentioned, the additional duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, laid by an ad pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Y\x<\.,r after taking notice of the said former aft, and that upon fating the total deficiency of the said four maflers, and the produce of the fund made Haile to, and appropriated for payment of the fame, it appeared that the deficiencyfunding out on the eighth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, on the office's of the said four maflers, was reduced to the sum of twenty four thousand eight hundred ninety one pounds, nine Jbillings, and ten pence; and that there was due from John Bennett efquire, one other of the mafers of the said court of Chancery, to Humphry Bell a Juitor of the said court therein mentioned, the sum of ekven thousand four hundred eighty five pounds, four Jbillings, and five pence, with inte-ref; and that the said John Bennett had no efate or effefts left to Jatisfy the said debt, or any part thereof \ and that it was computed that the duties granted by the former aft, would not be fufficient to raife the said two fums of twenty four thousand eight hundred ninety one pounds, nine Jbillings, and ten pence, and eleven thousand four hundred eighty five pounds, four Jbillings, and five pence, unlejs the said duties were farther continued, and the time for raising the fame enlarged, it is enafted. That the said duties granted by the said former aft, Jhould be continued, and be payable and paid upon the Jeve-ral writs and law proceedings therein mentioned, J'or the farther term offour years, to be computed from the fecond day of Auguft, one thousand seven hundred and forty two \ and that out of the money which had arifen, and been collefted by and out of the duties direfted to be levied by the said former aft, the said fum of eleven thousand four hundred eighty five pounds, four /hiliings, and five pence, Jhould pe ijfued and paid out of the general and common cajh of the bank, when and as the said court of Chancery Jhould dir eft, in fatisfaftion ff the said debt due from the said John Bennett, as aforesaid: and ft is thereby provided,, enafted, and declared. That when and as foort

aq



n

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.

as the deficiency of the fuitors money thereby, and by the said former all direhed and appointed to be anfwered and paid, and all money to be borrowed on the credit of the fame, if neceffiary, Jhouli have been fully paid and fatisfied; then, and from thenceforth, all the furplus money which Jbould have been raised out of the said duties, given, granted, and continued by the said above-mentioned arts, over and beyond what Jbould be fufficient for anfwering such deficiency, and money lent, be referved for the benefit of the pubhek^ and Jbould not be applied to any other ufe or ufes than futh as Jbould be thereafter directed by parliament: and whereas the said deficiency, and all the money provided and direfted to be paid by the Jaid former efts, or either of them, by and out of the fund thereby appropriated for that purpofe, have been fully paid and fatisfied, and there now remains in the bank ^England as a furplus of the said fund unapplied, the sum of thirteen thousand fix hundred ninety eight pounds, one Jbillingy and eleven pence, fubjeft to the difpofetion of parliament: and whereas the office of keeper or clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery is a very ancient office, held and enjoyed by grant from his Majeftfs royal prede-ceffors, Kings and Queens of this realm; and the yearly revenue thereof confijling of several certain yearly rents or fums, referved upon grants made by the crown of the several offices, commonly called the Seal or Green Wax Office, //^Alienation Office, and the Sixpenny Writ Office, in Chancery (the grant of which lajl-mentioned office is now expired and determined) and also of fees paid upon grantsy commijfions, and other patents paffing under the great feal> which are uncertain and contingent, hath confiantly been iffiied and applied in and for the payment of several ancient fees, falaries, and allowances, belonging to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feat, the majler of the rolls, the mafters in Chancery, clerk of the parliaments, and other officers attending the parliament and great feal, tend of several bills and disburfements always paid and allowed out of the revenues of the Hanaper office: and whereas the office of majler or keeper of the rolls, is an office of great truft and confequence to the publicky and the revenue belonging thereto is not adequate to the trouble, dignity, and importance of the said office: and whereas the income or revenue of the said office of the Hanaper, hath not for several years lajl pajl been fufficient to anfwer and pay the several fees, falarieSy allowances, and disburfements, ijfuing and payable out of the fame j and there remained due and in arrear, at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, to the several persons claiming and iniitled to such feeSy falaries, allowances, and disburfements re-fp< {lively, several Jums of money, amounting together Vo the sum of ten thousand five hundred ninety pounds, twelve Jhillings, and elrjcn pence \ and as the revenue of the Hanaper office will, in all probabi-Itty, f ill continue to be deficient, not only the present debt upon the said office will be lofty but the frvices to which the fame for the future are to be applied, will remain unprovidedfor: wherefore, and in order to make a provifion for the payment of the said debt, and arrears incurred upon the Hanaper office; be it ena<5led by jhe King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this

 UooQle

is. iid. fur-plus unappli cd.

10,590!. its. xid. is to be paid to the creditors of the Hanaper, as the court of Chancery shall dirett.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.	[1750-

this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Outofthefum fame. That out of thefaid fum of thirteen thousand fix hundred of 13,6981. ninety eight pounds, one (hilling, and eleven pence, now remaining in the bank of England, as the furplus unapplied, of the fund given and granted by the said former ads of parliament, for the purposes therein mentioned, and fo referved for the difpo-fition of parliament as aforesaid, there shall be iflued and paid such Aims of money, not exceeding in the whole the said fum of ten thousand five hundred and ninety pounds, twelve (hillings, and eleven pence, herein before-mentioned, to be due and in arrear at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, to the creditors Upon the office of keeper or clerk of the Hanaper as aforesaid, when, and as the court of Chancery shall order and direct, in fatisfa&ion of the said debt, and arrears to the several persons intitled to the fame refpe&ively; and as often Certificates of as the accomptant general of the said court (hall, in purfuance the draughts 0f any such order of the said court, give a draught upon the tobetranfmit-	f°r	anY	kid	debts	or arrears, certificates

ted to the clerk thereof from the said accomptant general (which certificates he of the Hana- is hereby requited to make without fee or reward) shall be tranf-per, &c. mitted to the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, together with proper vouchers of the payment of the said debts and arrears, fpe-cifying to whom such payments shall have been made, and to what time the fame shall extend, to the end the fame may be brought into the account of the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, to be by him parted before one of the auditors of the said reve-Certificates to nue > and all such certificates (hall, from time to time, be filed be filed, and in the said office of keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, and the vouchers to be tranfmitted therewith, are to be delivered over to the said auditor

II.	And your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, being de-firous to provide for and supply any future deficiency of the income and revenue of the said Hatiaper office, to anfwerthe several services aforesaid, and to difeharge the several fees, falaries, and allowances, ifluing and payable out of the said revenue; and being also defirous to augment the revenue of the office of mafter or keeper of the rolls; do give and grant unto your Majesty, for the purposes aforesaid, the several duties granted by ' the said first recited a<5t, upon the several writs and law proceedings therein mentioned, to be refpe<5tively applied and difpofed of, in the manner, and for the purposes herein after-mentioned, exprefled, and declared ; and therefore do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it further enadled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Duties payable fame. That the said duties granted by the said act of the twelfth upon writs, year 0f t|le rcign of his late Majesty, for the term of (ixteen by iiGeo! i. ycars> an^ continued by the said act of the ninth year of the continued for reign of his present Majesty, for the farther term of four years, cverj	and

the vouchers delivered to the auditor.



I75°-] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.25.

75

and which expired in the month of Augujl, one thousand seven hundred and forty fix, shall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and shall by virtue of this a<5t be payable and paid upon the fe-veral writs and Jaw proceedings in the said former aCts mentioned, from the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the fr0m™^une year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for 17^a*J 9 ever; and that all the penalties, powers, remedies, provifions, and directions in the said former aCts provided and contained, for and concerning the railing, levying, collecting, fecurinjj, and managing the fame, and defraying the expences thereof, shall be revived, and be, from time to time, and at all times from thenceforth, applied, exercifed, praCtifed, and executed, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been or were in this aCt repeated, and again particularly enaCted.

III.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, officers to

That all and every the officer and officers, who shall be con- keep difttoft cemed in the railing, levying, collecting, receiving, managing, accounts of and applying the duties arifing bv virtue of and under this a<ft,	thc

(hall and do keep feparate and diftinCt accounts thereof, and pay fame mto^the the fame into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at IVeJimin- exchequer jlery weekly on every JVednefday, unless it be an holy-day; and weekly.

in that cafe on the next day after which shall not be an holy-day.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That there shall be provided and kept in the said exchequer a kept for enter-book or books, wherein a feparate and diftinCt account of all the arffing ^°thT money to be paid in weekly in purfuance of this aCt, shall be duties, entered and kept, and that out of thef money arifing and to be produced, by and from the duties granted by this aCt, and hereby dire&ed to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as a-

forefaid, there shall be iffued and paid unto the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper office for the time being, or his deputy, a yearly fum not exceeding the sum of three thousand pounds of lawful 3,00ol. to be money of Great Britain, by equal half-yearly payments, at or paid yearly on the twenty fifth day of Marchy and twenty ninth day of Sep- <Jllt °*ti)€ tembery in every year, the first payment thereof to begin and to be made, at or on the twenty ninth day of September y which will Hanaper, be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty half-yearly.

{for the ifluing of which yearly fum, no fee or gratuity what-oever shall be demanded or taken) and that the receipt or receipts of the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his deputy, shall from time to time, be a fufficient and effectual difeharge for the fame.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That the refidue of the said Rcfiductobe thirteen thousand fix hundred ninety eight pounds, one (hilling, put out at in-and eleven pence, furplus cafh in the bank of Englandy after fa- teicft* on Satisfaction of the said debt, due from the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred v 9 and forty nine, as aforesaid, shall be placed out at interest on government fecurities, under the direction of the said court of Cbanceryy in the name and with the privity of the accomptant

general

Digitized b

j6

the interest to be paid to the clerk of the Hanaper.

The said yearly fumg and intereft, to be accounted for as part of the revenue of the Hanaper j

and 1,1001. to the mafter of the rolls.

Oerk of the Hanaper to account for furplufles.

Anrto viccfimo tertio GeoRGII II. c.25.	[1750.

general of the said court, and placed to the account of the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, and that the interefts or dividends, and yearly proceed arifing therefrom, be, from time to time, paid to the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his deputy, in order to be applied in aid of the said revived duties, to make good the said annual fum of three thou-fand pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said duties as a-forefaid, and that the receipt or receipts of the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his deputy, (hall, from time to time, be a fufficient and effectual difeharge for the fame.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted, That the said yearly fum of three thousand pounds, fo to be paid to, and received by the keeper or clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, or his deputy as aforesaid, and also the yearly intereft, dividends, and proceed, which shall arise or be produced from the furplus calh in the bank of England, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, as the fame shall come in and be received, be iflued, paid, applied, and accounted for, together with and as part of the ordinary income and revenue of the Hanaper office, to and for such and the fame ends, intents, and purposes, and in such and the fame manner, as the income and revenue of the said office hath, from time to time, been iflued, paid, applied, and accounted for; and also for the payment of the yearly fum of twelve hundred pounds, to the mafter or keeper of the rolls for the time being, by equal half-yearly* payments, at or on the twenty fifth day of Marchy and the twenty ninth day of September in every year, the first payment thereof, to begin and be made at or on the twenty ninth day of Septem-for, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe the yearly income and revenue of the said office of keeper or clerk of the Ha~ naper augmented By virtue of this present a (ft, (hall, at any time or times hereafter be more than fufficient to anfwer and pay the said yearly fum of twelve hundred pounds to the mafter or keeper of the rolls for the time being, and also the several fees, falaries, and allowances paid and payable out of the fame as aforesaid, then, and in such cafe, the said keeper or clerk of the Hanaper for the time being, shall be accountable for such overplus, and upon a certificate thereof from one of the auditors of the impreft (which certificate such auditor is hereby authorized and required, from time to time, in every such cafe, to make and tranf-mit to the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being) such overplus (hall, from time.to time, as often as it shall fo happen, be carried on to the account of the subsequent year of the said keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, who shall ftand charged therewith, in such subsequent account, and only fo much of the said yearly fum of three thousand pounds shall be paid to the said keeper or clerk of the Hanaper, or his deputy, for and towards the next subsequent payment or payments,





*75°*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.	77

znents, as with such overplus to be afcertained by such certificate as aforesaid, will be fufficient to anfwer and pay the said yearly futn of twelve hundred pounds to the mafier or keeper of the rolls for the time being, and the several fees, falarics, and allowances paid and payable out of the fame.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enacted, That in cafe the year- Deficiencies in ly income and revenue of the said office of keeper or clerk of the the Hanaper Hamper, augmented by virtue of this present adt as aforesaid, office, how to (hall, at any time or times hereafter, fall fhort or prove deficient be ma c£°° • to anfwer and pay the said yearly fum of twelve hundred pounds,

to the mafier or keeper of the rolls for the time being, and the several fees, falaries, and allowances paid and payable out of the fame as aforesaid, then and in such cafe, from time to time, as it shall fo happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treafurer, dr commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them for the time being, out of any money that is or shall be in the exchequer,that hath arifen or shall arife, by and from the said revived duties granted and directed to be paid by this adt, not otherwise applied by parliament, to diredt such fum and fums of money not exceeding what shall have been faved in former years, by lefs having been paid to the said keeper or clerk ot the Hanaper or his deputy, than the annual fum of three thousand pounds as aforesaid, to be ifiued, and paid unto the keeper or clerk of tht Hanaper for the time being, or his deputy, as shall be neceflary for the anfwering and supplying such deficiency, fo from time to time happening, to be afcertained by a certificate from one of the auditors of the impreft, to be di-redted to the lord high treafurer or commiffioners of the treafury in that behalf, in the manner aforesaid, and that the receipts of such keeper or clerk of the Hanaper or his deputy, shall be a good and fufficient difeharge for all such fum and fums of money as shall be fo ifiued and paid as aforesaid.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Deficiencies of

That in cafe the said revived duties, and the interest or yearly one year to be

proceed of the said furplus cafh in the. bank of England, shall good r	,r	, r , .	.	6	1	.	out of the fur-*

in any one year produce lefs, and in another more than the piufles of an-*

fum of three thousand pounds, then, and ip such cafe, from other year, time to time, as it shall fo happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, of any three of them, for the time being, to order such deficiencies to be made good out of such furplufles, fo as the whole money to be ifiued, paid, and applied to the keeper of clerk of the Hanaper or his deputy, out of the said monies arifing from the said revived duties, and the interest and yearly proceed of the said furplus ca(h in the bank of England, do not one year with another, exceed the yearly fum of three thousand pounds, defigned to be provided for the said office by this adt.

X.	And it is hereby further enacted, That all the refidue and The furplut furplus of the money arifing’by the duties and other provifions, °fthe dutiei pven, grantedj made, or diredted by this adt, which (hall, from bc dl,P?lc4 time to time remain after* and shall not be ifiued and applied mcn£par Wr

in





78	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	GEORGir	II.	c.	2[1750.

in and for the payment of the several yearly and other fums of money hereby directed to be iflued and paid as aforesaid, shall be, and the lame is hereby referved for the benefit of the pub-lick, and shall not be applied to any other ufe or ufes, than such as shall be hereafter directed by parliament.

CAP. XXVI. aft to continue several laws for the better regulating of pilots, for the conducing of flips and veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ifle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway •, and for permitting rum or fpirits of the Britilh  sugar plantations to be landed before the duties of excife are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an ah for preventing frauds in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and several parifles near thereunto •, and to continue several laws for preventing	exaftions of occupiers of locks and wears upon the river

Thames weftward-, and for afcertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river-, and for the better regulation and government of feamen in the merchants  service and also to amend fo much of an	made in the	year

of the reign of King George the	, as relates	to the

better preservation of falmon in the river Ribble; and to regulate fees in trials at affixes, and Nifi Prius, upon records iffuing out of the office of pleas of the court of Exchequer •, and for the apprehending of persons in any county or place, upon warrants granted by	of the peace	in

any other county or place-, and to repeal fo much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the time during which the office of excife is to be kept open each day, and to appoint for how long time the fame flail be kept open upon each day for the future •, and to prevent the Jlealing or defraying of turnips \ and to amend an act made in the fecond year of his present Majefly, for better regulation of attomies and fo-licitors.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned (which have by experience been found	and beneficial) are near expiring-,

may it therefore pleafeyourMajesty,that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majelly, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority 3Ceo.i.c. 13. of the fame. That an adt made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An act for the better regulating of pilots for the condufting of )hips and veffils from Dover, Deal, and Ifle of Thanet, up the river of Thames and Medway; which was to

continue

1750.] Anno vlcefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 26.	79

continue in force for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and also a claufe for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the lfte ofThanet, 7 Geo«i*c. *i. in an ad pafled in the seventh year of the reign of his late Ma-f* H-jefty, which was to be in force during the continuance of the said ad of the third year of his said late Majesty’s reign j which said ad, together with the faidclaufe, were, by an adt made in ioGeo.i.c.17. the tenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, continued in force for the further term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of tBe then next feflion of parliament; and which said sGeo.x.c. %u ad, together with the said claufe, were, by an ad made in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion ot parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty furtjicr contj_ fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, nUed to 25 and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parlia- March, 1764. went.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That Partof i5Geo. fo much of an ad made in the fifteenth and fixteenth years of *5^”^ his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to impower the im~ iandnig°of * porters or proprietors of rum or fpints of the British  sugar plant a- rum, &c. be-tions to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged fore payment thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence; of the duties, and for the relief of Ralph Barrow in refpeft to the duty on fome

rock Jalt loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane, as relates to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijh  sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, and to the lodging of the fame in warehoufes at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, anil from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further conti- continued to nued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day 29 SePt#I757* of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, That

an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present i9Geo. 2. Majesty, intituled, An act more effeftually to prevent the frauds and c. 35. abujes committed in the admeafurement of .coals within the city and liberty 0/* Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of Lancarter adjoining thereto, and the several parijhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty fix, for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parlia- continued to ment, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from n Oec. 1750* the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December, Fart*'r conJj-

one». c. 57T. l%'

So

Penalty ©n the principal land coal meters, not Rationing labouring coal* meters; and on the labouring coal-meters not attending.

jGeo.i. c. ii«

Geo. i.

c. 18.

ao Geo. 2. C.47.

fci Geo. 2.

contimied to 1 June, 175** EXP. .to *4Geo. a.c. 2

*Ged.». c.36.

Anno vlcefimo tertlo GeorgiI II. c. 26.	[*75°*

one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV.	And whereas by the said aft no penalty is laid either upon the principal land coal-meters, in cafe they Jhall negleft to fiation the la-bouring coal-meters at all the frueral wharfs within the limits deferi-bed in the said aft, or upon the said labouring coal-met ers9 in cafe they Jhall negleft to attend and perform their duty at such wharfs as in the said aft is direfted: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the said principal land coal-meters, or either of them, shall negleft to ftation labouring coal-meters at all the said refpeftive wharfs, on the days, and at the times, which by the said aft are fpecially direfted, such principal land coal-meters, or either of them, fo neglefting, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and if any labouring coal-meter or coal-meters fo Rationed by the principal land coal-meter or coal-meters at any wharf, as aforesaid, shall not attend and perform his or their duty, at the time, and in such manner, as by the said aft is fpecially direfted, such labouring coal-meter or coal-meters (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty (hillings; which said several penalties of ten pounds, and forty (hillings, shall be recovered, levied, and applied, in the like manner as any other penalty is direfted to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said aft.

V.	And be it furtherenafted by the authority aforesaid. That an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for reviving and amending an act made in the ftxtb and seventh years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, intituled, An act to prevent exaftions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames weftward; and for afeer-taining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; which was to continue in force from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of 'parliament; and which, Xsy another aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty feven; and which, by another aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine ; and which, by another aft made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of Junes one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next fet (ion of parliamftit.

VI.	And be it further enacted-by the authority aforesaid. That an act made in the fecond year of his present Majesty’s reign, (intituled, An act for the better regulation and government of Jea-men in the merchants service) which was to be in force for five years, from the twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand feven

hundred





1750.]	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 26.	81

hundred and twenty nine, and from thence to the end of the

then next felUon or parliament, and which a (ft was by an a<5t

made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fur- 8 Geo. e.c.n.

ther continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-£on^nuc^t0

find seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end **5 arc 9

of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is '

hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the

twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fix-

ty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of

parliament.

VII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the firjlyear of 1 Geo. 1. c.iS. the reign of his late Majesty King George theFirft, (intituled. An a<5t £ *4*

for the better preventing frefti fifti taken by foreigners, being imported into this kingdom; and for the preservation of the fry of fifti; and for the giving leave to import lobfters and turbuts in foreign bottoms; and for the better preservation of falmon within several rivers, in that part of this kingdom called Eng-land) all persons whatsoever were refrained under the penalties, forfeitures, and punijkments therein mentioned, from taking, killing, deft r eying, or wilfully hurting falmon of any kind or ftze whatsoever, in the river Ribble in the county of Lancafter, and other rivers therein particularly named, between the laft day of July, and the twelfth day ^November, for ever; which reftraint hath been found inconvenient as to the said river Ribble, by reason that the time limited for refraining the taking fijh therein, is not properly fuited or adapted to the fijhing feafons there, fo as to anfwer the intention of the said aft, but it would be much more advantageous to the falmon fijheries in that river, if persons were refrained from taking, killing, deftroy-ing\ or wilfully hurting any falmon in the said river Ribble, betwixt the fourteenth day oj September, and the fecond day ^January yearly, and were at liberty to take and kill the fame the remainder of the year; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Liberty eiven it shall and may be lawful to and for the refpedive owners and to take lalmon proprietors of the fifheries and fifilings in the said river Ribble, JJbble” be-and every other person or persons intitled to fifli therein, and tween \ jaft" their and every of their leflees, tenants, fervants, and agents, and 15 Sept, and every of them, at any time or times hereafter, betwixt the yearly, first day of January, and fifteenth day of September, in any year, to take and kill by any lawful ways or means whatsoever, any filmon, falmon peal, or falmon kind, in their refpedlive fifheries and places within the said river Ribble, and to fell any of the fifti fo taken between the times aforesaid ; any thing in the said recited ad, or any other a&, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penaltyoftak-That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time here- *”8

after, between the fourteenth day of September, and fecond day	t"*er

of January for ever, by or with any net, device, engine, ways time limited, or means whatsoever, take, kill, deftroy, or wilfully hurt, any falmon of any kind or fize whatsoever, in the said river Ribble, such person or persons shall incur, and be fubjedt to such and Vol. XX.	G	the

 L^ooQle

82	Anno	vicelimo	tertio	Georgii II. C. 26.	[1750.

the fame penalties, forfeitures and punifliments as were by the said recited aft infli&ed upon persons taking, killing, deftroving, or wilfully hurting falmon in the said river, betwixt the laft day of July, and twelfth day of November, and shall be proceeded a-gainft and convifted thereof, in the fame manner, as by such recited aft is for that purpose directed.

The said aft IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all and continued. every the claufes, articles, .matters, and things contained in the said recited adt (fave the alteration hereby made in the times of taking, and being reftrained from taking falmon in the said river Kibble as aforesaid) shall be and remain in full force\ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And where the taking of larger fees by the officers of ajjize and Nifi Prius, in the refpeftive circuits of this kingdom, upon records iffuing out of the office of pleas of his Majestys court ^Exchequer at Weft minder, between party and party, than are taken on Juch records iffuing out of any other courts is a grievance to the fub-Feesupontfj/f jeft; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Prim records after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-theexche' uer ^rcc* anc* no °®ccr or other person whatsoever shall de-to be^thelame mand, take, or receive any greater or other fees upon such re-as in other	cords, ifluing out of the said office, than are taken upon records

courts.	in caufes of the like nature, ifluing out of the courts of King’s

Bench and Common Pleas at fVeftminJler.

XL And whereas it frequently happens that persons dgainjl whom warrants are granted by the juftices of the peace, for the several cou«-ties within this kingdom, efcape into other counties or places out of the jurisdiction of the jujiices of the peqce granting such warrants, and thereby avoid being punijhea for the offences wherewith they are charge ed: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority afore-If an offender faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one efcape out of thousand seven hundred and fifty, in cafe any person against tioVof*theCju. w^°m a kg3! warrant shall be iflued, by any juftice or juftices dice who if- of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, fued bis war- or place within this kingdom, shall efcape or go into any other rant,	county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place out of the

£ ~ *’ jurifdiftion of the juftice or juftices granting such warrant as the juftice aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace where he shall of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place to have efcaped, which such person shall have gone or efcaped, to indorfe such the^warrant warrant» uPon application made to him for that purpofe, and to *c.	* caufe the person against whom the fame shall have been iflued,

to be apprehended and fent to the juftice or juftices'who granted such warrant, or to fome other jultice or juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, from whence such person shall have gone or efcaped, to the end that he or (he may be dealt with according to law; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding. h Car. a.	XII. And whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in	the twelfth

ct 24. f. 22.	year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, (intituled,	An adt for

taking away the court of wards ana liveries, and tenures in Ca-

pite.

A

 C^ooQle

I75°-J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.	$$

pite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof) it was enafted, That the office of excife in all places where it Jhall be appointed, Jhall be kept open from eight of the clock in the mornings till twelve of the dock at noon, andfrom two of the clock in the afternoon, till five of the clock in the afternoon, for the due execution and performance of all and every the matters and things in the said aft appointed and required : and whereas the limitations and reflriftions of time in the said aft mentioned, for tranfafting the bufnefs in the Jaid office, have been found very inconvenient, and attended with extraordinary ex-pences to the several persons who are charged with the payment of the duties, relating to the revenues under the management of the commif-fioners of excife: therefore for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said claufe herein before recited (hall, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty $ and the fame is hereby enacted and declared to be from thenceforth repealed; and that the said office The excife (hall, from and after the said tenth day of May, one thousand office to be seven hundred and fifty, be kept open from eight of the clock in the morning, till two of the dock in the afternoon, and no dock till*, longer.

XIII. And whereas great quantities of turnips have of late years been fiolen and taken away by idle and ilUdifpofed persons, from the grounds offeveral farmers, and others growing turnips, to the great lofs and damage of the owners of the said turnips \ for remedy Penalty on whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That persons fteal-if any person or persons (hall, from and after the twenty fourth mgordeftroy-* day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, fteal and inf^rmf8 take away, or malicioufly pull up and deftroy any turnips, grow-	m

ing or being in any lands or grounds belonging to any person grounds, or persons, and shall be thereof convided before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, either by con-fefllon of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more person or persons (and which oath such juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to adnjinifterj every person fo offending, and being convi&ed of such offenc.?, in manner herein before-mentioned, (hall, for the first offence, give and pay to the owner or owners of the turnips fo stolen, pulled up, or deftroyed, such fatisfa<3ion for his or their damage thereby fuftained, and within such time, as the said juftice or juftices shall appoint; and shall over and above pay down upon such coavic-tion, unto the overfeers of the poor of the parish where the of* fence or offences was or were committed, for the ufe of the said poor, such sum of money not exceeding ten (hillings, as to the said juftice or juftices shall feem meet; and if any such offender or offenders shall not make such recompence or fatisfadion to the said owner of owners, and also pay such fum to the ufe of the poor, in manner and form aforesaid, then the said juftice or juftices shall and may commit the said offender or offenders to the ‘houfegf corre&ion, for any space not exceeding one month, of

G 2	(hall

*4	Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c. 26.	[1750.

(hall and may order such offender or offenders to be whipped by the conftable, as to the said juftice or juftices shall feem meet; and if any such person or persons shall again commit the like offence, and be thereof convided as aforcfaid, then he, (he, or they, fo offending the fecond time, and being thereof convided as aforesaid, shall be committed to the houfe of correction for three months.

Limitation of XIV. Provided always. That no person or persons shall be the profecu- profecuted for any such offence of dealing, pulling up, or de-tion.	ftroying	of	turnips,	unlefs	fuch	profecution	be begun within

thirty days after the offence committed.

XV.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made and faffed in the % Geo, 1.	fecond year of the reign of his present Majefly', (intituled^ An ad

«. *3. f.xo.	for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors) it was enaft-

edy That from and after the firfl day of December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, any person who fhould be fworny admitted,

'	and inroiled to be an attorney m any of his Majefly's courts 0/King's

Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, counties palatine of Chefter* Lancafter, and Durham, and great fefflons in Wales, as is therein direftedy might be fworny admitted, and inr oiled to be a Jblicitor in all or any of the courts of equity, in the said aft fpecifiedy without any * fee for the oath, or any flamp to be impreffed on the parchment, whereon such admiffton fhould be written, if the mafler of the rollsy two maflers of the Chancery, the barons of the court of Exchequer, the chancellor of the dutcby 0/Lancafter, and the judges of the other courts of equity, in the said aft mentioned for the time being y or any of them refpeftiveljy jbould, upon examining such attorney, touching his fitnefs and capacity to aft as a folicitor in courts of equity, be fatisfled that such attorney is duly qualified to be fo admitted; but there being no provifion made in the said in part recited aft, for admitting persons (who had beeny or /ball be fworny admitted^ and inrolled folicitors of any of the courts of equity in the said aft mentioned) attornies of any of his Majefly's courts of law therein" also mentioned, although such folicitor Jhould be duly qualified in all other refpefts; wherefore, and Solicitors in *° fuPPty such omiflion, be it enaded by the.authority afore-the courts of That from and after the fecond day of May, one thousand equity may seven hundred and fifty, any person who hath been already, or be admitted who at any time or times hereafter shall be fworn, admitted, ^iSout fees. an<* ,nro^e<^ a folicitor in any of his Majesty’s courts of equity at Weflminflery in such manner as by the (aid ad is direded, may be fworn, admitted, and inrolled to be an attorney of his Ma-jefty’s court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at tVeflminflery without any fee for the oath, or any ftamp to be imprefled on the parchment whereon such admiflion shall be written (his having been fworn, admitted, and inrolled a folicitor in any of the courts of equity afore-mentioned notwithstanding) if the judges of the said courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas for the time being, or any of them refpedively, (hall, upon examining such folicitor, touching his fitnefs and capacity to ad as an attorney in the said refpedive courts, be fatisfied that such folicitor is duly qualified to be fwo[n> admitted* and inrolled an attorney, purfuant -	to



1750.]. Anno vicelimo tertio GeoRGH II. c. 27.'	85

to the said in part recited alt, and other the laws now in force concerning attomics and folicitors.

CAP. XXVII.

An a8 for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duteby of Lancafter which adjoineth thereto.

TX^HEREAS for want of an eafy and fpeedy method for the Amended by * * recovery of fmall debts, many ill-difpoted persons, who have M^eo*** c.41. contrasted small debts within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafter which adjoineth thereto, and refufe to pay the debts which they have fo contrasted\ to the lofs and prejudice of their creditors, and to the detriment of ufeful credit within the said city and liberty of Westminster, and the said part of the dutchy aforesaid: for the remedy of the said inconvenience, and for the providing an eafy and fpeedy method for the recovery of small debts within the laid city and liberty of IVeflminJler, and the said part of the dutchy aforesaid 5 may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enalted ; and be it enalted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, aud by the authority of the lame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every The paridii-the parishioners of the several and refpeltive parishes within the onereofWeft-faid city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and the said part of the jj* t£eJr dutchy aforesaid, who have a right to aflemble in veftry, with- veftries on in their refpe&ive parishes, and They arc hereby refpelhvely im- 1 May yearly, powered and required to meet on the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and fo on the fame day in every fucceeding year, provided the fame shall not fall on a Sunday; and if it (hould, then upon the next day at ten of the clock in the forenoon, in the several and re-fpeltive veftries in every of their refpeltive parilhes, and nomi- and nominate nate and aflign in the whole, the number of two hundred and com,™f-forty two of the moft fubftantial and difereet persons refiding loncrl'VIJS* within their refpeclive parishes, who are to be commiflioners for the purposes hereafter-mentioned and exprefled ; to be appointed by such parishioners of the said several parishes, in man- st. Margaret ner following; (that is to fay) of the parish of Saint Margaret 30, to nominate and appoint thirty of the said persons; of the parish St* J°hn 10, of Saint John the Evangelijl, other twenty of the said persons; of st Gec^eHa-~	forty two of the said persons ; noversifuare"

the parish of Saint James, other

of the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, other thirty of the 30, laid persons ; of the parish of Saint Anne, other twenty four of St* Anne 14* the said persons ; of the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, other	m

forty of the said persons ; of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, st* Clement ’ as well within the liberty of Wejlminfter as without, other twenty Danes *4, four of the said persons 5 of the parish of Saint Mary le Strand, St- Mary le other twelve of the said persons; and of the parish of Saint Paul, f^Paul Co-Covent Garden, other twenty of the laid persons: and the church- ve‘nt Garden

G 3	wardens	19.

Churchwardens to make a lifts, and affix one on the church

€6	Annovicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27.	[1750.

wardens of each refpeftivp parish for the time being, or one them, (hall, within two days after such nomination, caufe two lifts to be made out of the leveral persons fo respectively nominated and appointed, as aforesaid 5 and shall caufe one of the door, and de- said lifts, or a true copy thereof, to be fixed or ftuck up on the t Vfhl r °hlier c^urc^ door eac^ refpeftive pari(h *, and shall deliver, or caufe h^iliffi. 8 to delivered, the other of the said lifts to the high bailiff of the said city and liberty, or his deputy, who shall forthwith caufe a copy of such lifts to be made and ftuck up in the feverai places where the said commiffioners shall affemble; which said persons fo nominated and returned by and for the said feverai parilhes refpeftively, as aforesaid, from time to time, shall be, and are hereby declared, conftituted, and appointed commiffioners to hear and determine all such matters of debt as are hereafter mentioned \ and such commiffioners, fo from time to Commiffion- time to be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby crs conftituted conftituted a court of juftice, by the name of The court of re-ftice^ JU" iuefis for the city and liberty of Weftminftcr, and that part of the dutch? of Lancafter, which adjoineth thereto; and the said com-Three to hold miffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho-tfie court, rized, impowered, and required to affemble, (it, and hold the /aid court, in and for the said feverai parilhes, in such feverai divifions, and on such days, and in such manner, as is herein after-mentioned $ videlicet, The commiffioners of the pari(hes in Sf. Marga- of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelifty on every Tuefday Vet, every	in every week, or oftner, if neceffary, in fomc convenient part

Tuefday j	Qf the fajd parjfty 0f Saint Margaret; thp commiflioners of the

in St. James's, parilhes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James, and Saint every Wed. June, on every TVednefday in every week, or oftner, if neceflary, fiefday; jn fome convenient part of the said parish of Saint James \ and andin Sr. Paul the commiffioners of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Co~ Covent Gar- venf Garden, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, on every Thurfday in every week, or oftner, if neCeffary, in fome ponvenient part of the said parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden; pnd such commiffioners, fo to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall have power and authority, by virtue of this aft, to hear hounce^udge- iand determine, in their refpeftive divifions, all such caufesas ment, &c. are herein after-mentioned, ar\d to pronounce such judgement. None to he anj make such decree, and to award execution thereupon, with upon an exe- c°fts> against the bodies, or against the goods and chattels of all cution, longer and every the person or persons against whom they shall give such than 40 days, judgement, br make such decree, as to them shall feem juft ir> law or equity; fo as no person shall remain in prison upon an execution, tor a longer space than forty days.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of afting as a cOmmiffioner, in the execution of the powers given by this aft, unless such perfon, at the time of his nomination, and also during the time he shall fo aft as a commiflioner, in the execution of the powers given by this aft, shall be feifed of lands, * ‘	tenements.

den> every Thurfday;

and to pro -

Qualification bt com mil. (toners.



175°-] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 27.	87

tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, clear of all incumbrances, or be poflefled of a perfonal estate of the value of five hundred pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Perfons fum-if any person or persons fummoned by virtue of this aft, shall moned, not not perform such order as the said commiflioners, or any three conforming, or more of them shall make and fet down for or concerning ^cd# cora* such debts as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and

for the laid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, after perfonal  service of the said order, and due proof thereof made, to commit such person or persons to one of his Majesty’s gaols within the city and liberty of JVejlminfier, there to remain until he, fhe, or they shall perfom such order, fo as no person fo im-prifoned shall remain in prison for a longer space of time than forty days.

IV.	And for the more orderly and regular proceeding in the The high bai-feid court, and to prevent any undue preference or delay, inliff to Tum-fummoning the said commiflioners to attend the bufinefs of the mon a certain iaid court be it further enafled1 by the authority aforesaid. That "^iffioners the said high bailiff, who is hereby impowered and required monthly, from time to time fo to do, fhall, within two days next after

fuch several lifts shall be returned to him as aforesaid, fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, the first seven persons named in each lift containing forty two and forty, the first five m each lift containing thirty, the first four in each lift containing twenty four and twenty, and the first two in each lift containing twelve, to attend as commiflioners of the said court, in their refpeftive di-vifions, for the month of Mayr and fo the like number of persons out of every lift, as they shall ftand in order and rotation therein refpeftively, to serve as commiflioners in their refpeftive divifions, from month to month, during the term for which they are chofen commiflioners.

V.	Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Such comm'ff-Ihall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exclude or debafany fioncrs as are of the persons who shall be nominated and returned for com- n.ot in rota:: miflioners as aforesaid (although they be not in rotation) from t,on>KQa>r ^ fittting in the said court, in each refpeftive divifion, but that ail

fuch commiflioners shall and may, as often as they shall refpec-tively think fit, fit and give judgement therein; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof riotwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Power given That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand to reliant* to seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for aou* every reliant and inhabitant within the said city and liberty, or

the laid part of the said dutchy aforesaid, and to and for all and every person and persons renting or keeping any fhop, fhed, ftall, or ftand, or feeking a livelihood within the said city and liberty of Wejiminjler, or in the said part of the said dutchy aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts due or owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty lhillings, by any person or persons whatsoever,

G 4	inhabiting

 L-ooQle

88	Anno	viccfimo	tcrdo	Georgii IL c.27^	[	1750.

Clerks to fum- inhabiting or fecking a livelihood within the said city and liberty debt r'C	Weflmnfter*	or in that part of the said dutchy aforesaid, to

c «°r* apply to the said clerks of the said court, or one of them, who shall caufe such debtor or debtors fo inhabiting or feekinga livelihood as aforesaid, to be warned or fummoned by the said high bailiff, or his officer or officers (who aft hereby appointed, authorized, and required, to execute all warrants, precepts, and procefs of the said court of requefts) by writing left at the dwelling-houfe, or place of abode, (hop, fhed, flail, (land, or any other place of dealing of such debtor or debtors, to appear before the commiffioners of the said court, to be held in and for such divifion, where such debtor or debtors shall inhabit or re-fide as aforesaid; and that the said commiffioners, or any three or more of them, fhall, after the return of such fummons as aforesaid, have full power and authority by virtue of this adt, to make, or caufe to be made, such alls, order or orders, decrees, judgements, and proceedings, between such party or parties, plaintiffs, and his, her* or their debtor or debtors, defendants, touching such debts, not amounting to the sum of forty (hillings, as they shall find to (land with equity and good confcience; Orders 8cc. an<*	a<^s>	decrees,	judgements, and proceedings, order

to beregifter- or orders, shall be entered and regiflred in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk or clerks of the said court j and shall be obferved, performed, and kept in all parts, as well by the plaintiff as by the debtor or defendant.

VII. And for the more folemn determination of matters and caufcs which shall be depending in the said court intended to be ty tbi® a&>lt IS hereby further enabled. That it (hall

Upo

Dr tl

ot the fummons, the commiffioners to give judgement.

ed and ob-(erved.

Commiffioners may ad-miniltcr oaths

In an aftion fbr a debt un

Sec. * and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, or any three or more of them, to adminifter an path to the plaintiff or defendant, add to such witness or witneffes, as shall be produced by each party ; and also to all the officers of the said court, for or concerning any bufinefs relative thereunto, if the fame commiffioners, or any three or more of them, shall think it meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, der o s fued That if any adtion of debt, or adtion on the cafe upon an Af-for in°anyUe fumpfe* for the recovery of any debt to be fued or profecuted bther court, against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King's the defendant courts at iVeJiminJier, or elfewhere, out of the said court of remay pltad this qUefts, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money, not Tv m # c* amounting to the sum of forty (hillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action. That at the time of commencing such adtion, the defendant was inhabitant and reliant within the said city and liberty of IVeJiminJier^ or that part of the dutchy a-forefaid, and was liable to be warned or fummoned before the said court of requefts, without pleading any other matter fpecially; and in cafe the plaintiff, in any such atfion, shall declare fpr the sum of forty (hillings, or any sum of money exceeding the sum of forty (billings, the defendant may plead generally (over and above such matters as aforesaid) that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such adtion, indebted tp the plaintiff





89

1750.I Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27.

iiv any fum or Aims of money amounting to the sum of forty (hillings, without pleading any other matter fpecially, whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonAiited, or discontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs against him, or judgement ... be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have fall cods.	111100 s*

IX.	Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and Plaintiff may for the plaintiff, in such aftion, afterwards to profecute the said afterwards fue defendant for the recovery of his said debt in the said court of MUefb.Urt ° requefts j such verdift or judgement obtained against him as aforesaid, in any wile notwithstanding.

X.	And for the more effeftual eftablilhing of the said court of requefts, and the better enforcing the orders and decrees which shall be made by the (aid commiffioners $ and that the said commiffioners may be invefted with proper power and authority, and be free and exempt from s*ny infult or abufes; be

it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any per- Method of fon or persons shall contemptuoufly affront, infult, or abufe all andpunilf-or any of the commiffioners of the said court, during their fit- ment» when ting in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the any shall inlaid high bailiff, or his deputy, officer or officers, by order of ^ the court« the (aid commiffioners then fitting, or any three or more of them, to take such person or persons fo offending as aforesaid into cu-ftody, and carry him, her, or them, before one or more of his Majesty’s juftice or juftices of the peace for the said city and liberty of JVeJlminftery to anfwer such affront, infult, or abufe j and upon the faft alledged being duly proved, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, against him, her, or them 5 then, and in such cafe, the said juftice or juftices shall proceed to punilh such person or persons fo offending as nor^heimpri-aforefaid, by fine or imprifonment, or both 5 provided that the fonment 10 fine on any one person do not exceed the sum of twenty (hil- days, lings; ana that the imprifonment be for no longer time than ten days.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The fine to be That upon the nonpayment of the said fine, fo to be impofed levied by

or fet upon every person convifted of offending as aforesaid, it diftrefs and shall and may be lawful for the said juftice or juftices to iffue a warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feals, for levying the said fine or fines fo impofed, upon the goods and chattels of every such offender or offenders, being then refiant or inhabiting within the said city and liberty of JViJlminfter, or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed in five days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deduc- ' ting the reasonable charges of such fale; which fine or fines, towards the when levied or received by virtue of this aft, shall be immedi- fi*PP°rt of the ately paid over into the hands of the churchwardens or over- P°°r* feers of the poor of the parith wherein every such offender (hall, at the time of such offence committed, inhabit, dwell, or feek a livelihood, towards the fapport and maintenance of the poor

of





90	Anno	viccfitno tertio Gegrgii II. c. 27.	[1750.

Where the of the lame pari(h 5 and if such offender or offenders shall not be °fft refif	reliant or inhabiting within the said city and liberty of Wiji~'

ll he h^to tninjler^ or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, or shall not have t>ecommitted, any goods or chattels within the said city and liberty of fVejl-minjlerj or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, whereot such fine or fines can be levied as aforesaid; then and in such cafe, and upon the nonpayment of such fine or fines, it shall and may be lawful for the said juft ice or juftices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit such offender or offenders to one of his Majesty’s gaols within the city or liberty of Wejlminfter> there to remain for the space of one calendar month, unless he, (he, or they, fooner pay the said fine or On payment fines fo impofed as aforesaid; in which cafe, he, (he, or they, on of the fine the payment of such fine or fines, are to be forthwith discharged out Sittvgwh cufiQ(ty > and ^ne or fines, when levied or received, shall be immediately paid over into the hands of the said churchwardens or overfeers of the poor for the purposes aforesaid.

Copy of the XII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

* 1ul	That the clerks of the said court, or one of them, mall fix, or

in AecouitsP cau^c to	or	UP* *n mo^ Pu^hck part of the

refpedive places where such court shall be held in the several di-vifions aforesaid, or other place where the said commiflioners shall fit to do bufinefs as aforesaid, a true copy of the two laft preceding claufes of this ad, to the end that no person or persons shall or may pretend ignorance in the premises.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any person or persons shall make oath, or give evidence, in any caufe depending in the said court of requefts, whereby he, (he, or they, shall commit any wilful or corrupt perjury, and shall thereof be duly convided according to law, then every such person or persons shall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as any other person or persons convided of wilful perjury according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That Thomas Smithy Stephen Popham, Harman VereljU and John Spranger, gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby conftituted and appointed clerks of the said court of requefts during their re-fpedive good behaviourj who shall and are hereby impowered and required to iffue out and regifter all fummons, warrants, precepts, ads, orders, decrees, judgements, attachments, and proceedings of the said court; and shall keep proper books, wherein shall be entered and regiftred all ads, orders, and proceedings of the fame court j and that no clerk of the said court shall ad as a juftice of the peace within the limits of the jurif-didion of the said court.

On the death, XV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, removal, or That it shall and may be.lawful to and for the commiflioners retignation of who shall be fitting and ading in court, on the next court day commTffion*^ a^ter death, refignation, or removal of any of the said clerks ers to be Turn- appointed by this ad, or fo foon after as the fame is publickly moned, and known, or the major part of them, to caufe the whole number tied another.	of

Penalty of perjury.

Clerks of the court.

and their of* fice.

No clerk to ad as a juftice.

 

1750.] Anno vicdimo tertio Georgii II. c.27/	91

of commiffioners to be fummoned to meet at fome convenient

place to be appointed for that purpofe, within four days next

after their being fummoned as aforesaid; and such commiflion-

ers, at such meeting, or the major part of them then present,

are hereby authorized and required to eled another person or

persons in the room of such of the said clerks fo dying, refign-	r

ing, or being removed, as aforesaid, for the ufe and purpofes

in this ad contained; and fo from time to time, upon every

vacancy of the said office of clerk, for ever.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-That no person or persons shall be capable of ading as com- ers to be miffioner or commiflioners, in the execution of the powers fwontt-given by this ad, until such time as he and they shall have re-fpedively taken an oath to the effed following:

I A. B. do jwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and boneft- The oath.

/y, according to the bejl of my judgement, hear and determine such matters and things as/hall be brought before me, bj virtue of an aft of parliament (intituled, An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of Weftrnn-filer, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafier which adjoineth thereto) without favour or ajfeftion to either party; and that I am now feifed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, clear of all incumbrances \ or that I am pojfejfed of a perfonal ejlate of the value of five hundred pounds.

Which oath the said clerks, or one of them, are or is hereby j® be adminl-itnpowered and required to adminifter in open court; a me-morial whereof shall be entered in the remitters of the said court, giftered.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

That the several fees hereafter limited and exprefled, and no Feet allowed other fee or fees, shall and may be taken for the refpedlivc fer- to be taken byJ vices of the said high bailiff ana clerks j that is to fay,	MimS^rlerks

• For iffuing out every fummons, to the clerk or clerks, three pence.

For the  service of such fummons, to the high bailiff, three pence.

For every hearing, to the clerk or clerks, three pence; to the high bailiff, one penny.

For an attachment against the defendant for not appearing to the fummons, to the clerk or clerks, fix pence; to the high bailiff, one (hilling and two pence.

For an execution, to the clerk or clerks, ten pence; to the high bailiff, one (hilling and two pence.

For paying money into court, to the clerk or clerks, seven pence.

For acknowledging fatisfa&ion in full, to the clerk or clerks, four pence.

For fearching the books, to the clerk or clerks, two pence.

For calling the defendant before the court, when he refufes

to

6



g2	Anno	vicefimo	tertio Georgii II. C. 27.	[1750.

to ’appear, to the clerk or clerks, two pence j to the high bailiff, two pence.

For a nonfuit on the plaintiffs not appearing to the clerk or clerks, two pence:

See. taking greater fees,

cCCu

Table of the A table of which fees shall be hung up by the clerks of the said fees to be court, or one of them, in fome publick or confpicuous part of hung up in the every place where the said commiflioners shall meet for the pur-courts. p0fes aforefajd . to the end that all persons may at all times fee and read the fame.

Penalty on the XVIII. And be it further enacted. That if the said high high bailiff, bailiff for the time being, or any of his officers, or the said clerks, or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or Other fee or fees than as above-mentioned, or otherwise mi(be-have, that then, upon complaint made to the said commiflion-ers fitting in court, of the (aid offence or offences, such complaint being duly proved upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, against him or them fo offending, as aforesaid, the said commiflioners shall proceed to punilh such person or persons fo offending, as aforesaid, by fine, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for any one offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of the said commiflioners, ortny three of them (rendering to the owner the overplus, after the charges of such diftrefs and fale are deduced) and to be paid over by Application the said commiflioners, and applied to the ufe of the Tick in the ofthe penalty. Wtftminfier infirmary.

Method of XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, proceeding That if upon complaint made by any person or persons of the against clerks mifbehaviour of any clerk or clerks appointed or to be appoint-Wbere the of- ed by virtue of this a<ft, or of any clerk or clerks taking or de-a^rater*™-8 man(*ing any greater or other fees than as above-mentioned, it »iSiMnt.PU- ^all aPPcar t0 the commiflioners then present, that such offence deferves a greater punishment than is before provided, it shall and may be lawful for the commiflioners then fitting in court, or the major part of them, in cafe they shall fo think fit, to caufe the whole number of commiflioners to be fummon-ed to meet as foon as conveniently may be, by publick notice to be given in the several parish churches aforesaid, by the pa-ri(h clerks thereof (which notice the said parilh clerks are hereby required and directed to give without fee or reward) immediately after divine service, on the Sunday morning next before such meeting is to be held (fuch Sunday to he arleaft three days before the day appointed for such meeting) to examine into the merits of such complaint; and if it shall then appear to the commiflioners, being not lefs than sixty present, or to the major part of them, that such clerk or clerks hath or have been guilty of a grofs mi(behaviour, or breach of duty in his or their office, that then it (hall^and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or the major part of them, to fufpend or remove such clerk or clerks from his or their said office, and to

ele&

 v^ooQie

93

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgn II. c. 27.

ele£t another person or persons in the room of the person or persons fo removed.

XX.	Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein Certain debt*

contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any	to

leafe of lands or tenements, or on any other real contrad, nor JJ-,y to any debt which shall arise by reason of any caufe-concerning teftament or matrimony, or any thing concerning, or properly belonging to the ecclefiaftical court, albeit the fame shall be under forty (hillings 5 any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, No fuit for

That ho adion or fuit for any debt not amounting to the fum debts recover-of forty (hillings, and recoverable by virtue of this ad in the be'# said court of requefts, shall be brought against any person re- brought in fiding or inhabiting within the jurifdidion thereof, in any other any other court whatsoever.	r	court.

XXII.	And whereas the four council of the ancient court of the Marftialfea, and court of his Majesty's palace of Westminster, who hold their offices for the terms of their natural lives refpetttvely, and who have been made chargeable by parliament, and actually af-feffed to the land tax for their freeholds in their said offices, will Ju-JIain great lofs by this present aRy unless a compenfation Jball be made to them for the fame; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the said high bailiff, and the clerks of the said *ol. per au-court of requefts for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby required, out of the fees limited or to be limited to him and each^o^he’ ° them, by virtue of this present ad, to pay, or caufe to be paid, four council of in equal proportions, unto John Lawfon, Lomax Martyn, George the court of Weller, and John Le Grofs Spelmany efquires, the present council Marflialfca. of the said court of the Marjhalfea, and court of his Majesty’s

palace of Weftminjlery as a compenfation for the lofs they will fuftain in their said offices by this present ad, for and during the terms of their refpedive natural lives, the yearly fum of twenty pounds apiece, of lawful money of Great Britain (free and clear of and from all charges and deductions whatsoever) to be paid to them feverally and refpedively, yearly and every year, at or upon the several feaft days following ; that is to fay, The feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, the feaft of the nativity of our Lord, the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Maryy and the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to begin and to be made at or upon the feaft day of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any adion or fuit shall be brought or commenced against adioni. any person or persons for any matter or thing done or to be done in purfuance of this ad, then, and in such cafe, such adion or fuit shall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards\ and the de-* fendant or defendants, in such adion or fuit, (lull and may

plead



94

General ifToe.

Treble cofts. Publick ad.

13 & i^Canz c 4. f. 6.

Anno vicefioio tertio Georgii II. c. 28. ’	[1750,

plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his or their adion or adions, fuit or fuits; or if, upon verdid or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cods, and have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That this ad shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and all other persons whatsoever, without fpe-cialTy pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to explain part of an aft paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for the uniformity of publick prayers, and adminiftration of facraments ; and also part of an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the mi-nifters of the church to be of found religion.

# \JiT HERE AS by an aft paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth * * years of the reign of the late King Charles the Seco'ndy intituled\ An act for the uniformity of publick prayers, and adminiftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies; and for eftablilhing the form of making, ordaining, and confe-crating biftiops, priefts, and deacons, in the church of England; it was enaftedy That every person who Jhould thereafter be presented or collated, or put into any eccleftajiical benefice or promotion, within England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, Jhould y in the churchy chapely or place of publick worjhipy belonging to his said benefice or promotion, within two months next after that he Jhall be in the actual pojfeffton of the said ecclefiaftical benefice or protnotiony upon fome Lords dayy openly, publicly and folemnly read the morning and evening prayers appointed to be read by and according to the book of common prayer, at the times thereby appointed or to be appointed; and after such reading thereof \ Jhould openly and publickfyy before the congregation there affembledy declare his unfeigned ajfent and confent to the ufe of all things therein contained and prefcribedy according to the form therein before appointed; and that all and every such person wno Jhould (without fome lawful impediment, to be allowed and approved by the ordinary of the place) neglcft or ref ufe to do the fame within the time aforesaidy or (in cafe of such impediment, within one month after such impediment removed) Jhould (ipfo fado) be deprived of all his said ecclefiaflical benefices and promotions; aud that from thenceforth it Jhould and might be lawful to and for all patrons and donors of all and ftngular the said eccleftajiical benefices and promotionsy or any of them, according to their refpeftive rights and titlesy to present or collate to the famey as though .. the person or persons fo offending or ncglefting were dead: and it was

b

i75°-] Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH II. c.28.

by the said afl {amongfi other things) further enafled, That every par-fon, vicar, curate, leflurer, and every other person in holy orders, Jhould, before his or their refpeflive admijjion to be incumbent, or have Pjffiffion of any parfonage, vicarage, 0r curate's place or lecture* jubfcribe the declaration or acknowledgement therein dire fled before the refpeflive archbijhop, bijbop, or ordinary of the diocefe, upon pain that all and every of the persons afore-mentioned, failing in such fub-fcription, Jhould lofe and forfeit such refpeflive parfonage, vicarage, curate's place, *r leflure, and Jhould be utterly difabled and (ipfo fadto) deprived of the fame; and that every such refpeflive parfonage, vicarage, curate's place,	leflure, Jhould be void, as if such per-

fon fo failing were naturally dead; that after such fubfcription made, rtwy parfon, vicar, curate, *r leflurer Jhould procure a certificate under the band and feal of the refpeflive archbijhop, bijbop, or ordinary of the diocefe (who were thereby enjoined and required, upon demand, to make and deliver the fame) and Jhould publickly and openly read the fame, together with the declaration or acknowledgement therein mentioned, upon fome Lord's day within three months then next following, in his parijh church where he was to officiate, in the prefeme of the congregation there ajfembled, in the time of divine fervid, upon pain, that every person failing therein, Jhould loje such parfonage, vicarage, or benefice, curate's place,	leflurer's place re-

fpeflively,	Jhould be utterly difabled and (ipfo fa<5to) deprived of

the fame; that the said parjonage, vicarage,	benefice, curate's

place, or leflurer's place Jhould be void, as if he were naturally dead: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether the allowance and approbation of any lawful impediment before-mentioned, doth extend to both the said before-recited cafes, or whether any archbijhop, bijhop, or other ordinary, hath pozver by the said afl to allow and approve of any lawful impediment, as to reading the said lafl-mentioned certificate and declaration, within the time limited by the said afl : for the obviating thereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituarl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That every allowance and approbation of any lawful impediment already given and declared, or which shall hereafter be given and declared, in pur-fuance of the said a<d, by any archbimop, bifhop, or ordinary, to any person for or in refpedt of not reading in the church, chapel, or place of publick worfhip, belonging to his benefice or promotion, within two months next after that he shall be in the actual pofleflion of the said benefice or promotion, upon fome Lord’s day, openly, publickly, and folemnly, the morning and evening prayers, appointed to be read by and according to the said book or common prayer, and for or in refpe<fl of not openly and publickly, before the congregation there aflembled, declaring his unfeigned aflent and confent to the ufe of all things therein contained and preferibed, shall extend, and be condrued to extend, to the not reading the said lad-mentioned certificate *nd declaration, although the fame be not mentioned in the faid

allowance

Allowance of a lawful impediment extended to the not reading the certificate and declaration within ^ the time limited.





g6	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.28.	[1750.

allowance and approbation, for the like time as the said allowance and approbation shall extend to.

23 Eliz. c. x». II. And whereas by an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a(51 for the minifters of the church to be of found religion; it was (amongji other things) enabled. That every person who Jhould be admitted to a benefice with cure, except that within two months after his induftion, he fbould publictly read the articles therein mentioned, in the fame church where-of he fbould have cure, in the time of common prayer there, with declaration of his unfeigned affent thereunto, Jhould be, upon every such default (ipfo fadto) immediately deprived: and whereas it hath happened, and may hereafter happen, through ficknefs^ or other lawful impediment, that divers persons have been, and may be hindered from reading the said articles, and making the Jfaid declaration, within the time dire fted by the said aft, and yet Juch perfon, after such ficknefs, or other lawful impediment removed, hath read, and may hereafter read the said articles, and male the said declaration; and Perfons who ** *s reafinable that such persons fbould be deemed to have complied with fliall read the the true intent ana meaning of the said aft; be it therefore further articles and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who hath declaration at already read, or who shall hereafter read the said articles, and ^^?ngCthe hath mac*e» or ft1*!! hereafter make the said declaration, at the morning and fame time that he did read, or shall hereafter read the morning evening pray- and evening prayer, and declare his unfeigned affent and con-*	fent to the ufe of all things therein contained and preferibed,

according to the diredtions of the said in part recited adi of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, shall be, and is hereby declared and adjudged to have arededared to complied with the true intent and meaning of the said adt of ftiavecomplied the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, although

tent of* *eIiz k®e were not» °r may ft0t reac* w^n the *Pacc °f two en o S3 IE* months after such perfon’s indu&ion into any benefice with

cure; and that every such person (hall, and he is hereby declared to be freed and difenarged from any deprivation, or other forfeiture by virtue of the said adt j any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of III. Provided always, That this adt shall not extend to re-this aft. (lore any person to any parfonage, vicarage, or benefice, curate’s place, or ledturer’s place, which, for want of reading such certificate and declaration, within the time direSed by the said first in part recited adt, or of reading the said articles and declaration concerning the fame, according to the said lad-mentioned adt, hath been forfeited or become void, and is already filled up or enjoyed by any person or persons whatsoever.

CAP.



1750.] Anno vicefuno tertio Georgii II. c. 29 ..

97

CAP. XXIX.

An act to encourage the importhtion of pig and bar iron from bis Majeftfs colonies in America •, and to prevent the ereftion of any mill or other engine for flitting or rolling of iron •, or any plateing forge to work with a tilt ham-mer; or any furnace for making Jleel in any of the said colonies.

WHEREAS the importation of bar iron from his Majeflys colonies in America, into the port of London, and the importation of pig iron from the said colonies, into any port of Great Britain, and the manufacture of such bar and pig iron in Great *

Britain, will be a great advantage not only to the said colonies, but

alfo to this kingdom, by furnijhing the manufacturers of iron with a

Jupply of that ufeful and  necessary commodity, and by means thereof

large Jums of money, now annually paid for iron to foreigner j, will

be faved to this kingdom, and a greater quantity of the woolhn^ and

other manufactures of Great Britain, will be exported to America,

in exchange for such iron fo imported; be it therefore enaded by

the King’s molt excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and

confent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in

this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

lame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one Pig iron made

thou fond seven hundred and fifty, the several and refpedive fub- in the Brittfh

fidies, cuftoms, impofitions, rates, and duties, now payable on America™

pig iron, made in and imported from his Majesty’s colonies in ^mported^

America, into any port of Great Britain, shall ceafe, determine, free j and bar

and be no longer paid ; and that from and after the said twenty iron into the

fourth day of June, no fubfidy, cuftom, impofition, rate, or Port *-on-

duty whatsoever, shall be payable upon bar iron made in anddon*

imported from the said colonies into the port of- London $ any

law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife not-

withftanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Penalty of ex-no such bar iron fo imported into the port of London, shall beP°rtl,!&» °r afterwards exported, or shall be carried coaftwife to be landed i^^oaftw^fe at any other port or place of Great Britain, except for the ufe except for the* of his Majesty’s dock yards, upon pain, that all such bar Iron King's yards, fo exported, or carried coaftwile, and every (hip or veflel, on board of which any such bar iron shall be fo exported, or car-	^

ried coaftwife, shall be fubjed to such forfeiture and feizure, as any prohibited or uncuftomed goods, or any goods clandeftinely exported or imported, or any (hip or veflel on board of which any such goods shall be exported or imported, are now liable by law j and also upon pain, that every perfon, fo exporting such bar iron, or fending the fame coaftwife, and the mafter or commander, and mariners of every (hip or veflel, on board of which any such bar iron shall be fo exported or carried coaftwife, shall be fubjeft to such and the like punilhments and penalties as the mafter or commander, or mariners of any (hip

Vot. XX.

H

or





$8	Anno	viccfimo	tertio	Georgii	II. c. 29.	[1750.

or veflel, laden with any prohibited or uncuftomed goods, or goods clandeftinely exported or imported, are now liable to by Officersgrant- law; and that no officer of his Majesty’s customs shall lign or que* for*«- grant any cocquet, fufferance, tranfire, let-pafs, warrant, or porting there- certificate whatsoever, for exporting or carrying coaftwife, ex-of,	cept for the ufe of his Majesty’s dock yards, any such bar iron

fo imported into the port of London, upon pain, that every officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, fo offending, shall forfeit and to forfeit aool. pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered by adlion, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJiminfier, and to be applied, one moiety to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall fue for the end his office, fame, and shall also lofe and forfeit his office, and be incapable of ferving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office of truft dr profit whatsoever; and that if any such cocquet, fufferance, tranfire, let-pafs, warrant, or certificate whatsoever, shall be figned or granted, the fame shall be void, and of no effedt whatsoever.

No bar iron III. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid. That to be carried no bar iron whatsoever shall be permitted to be carried coaftwife, fefs^hefdatin" un^e^s mention be made in the certificate to be granted for that be paid. ^ purpofe, of the day on which the fubfidies, cuftoms, impofitions, rates, and duties, payable upon the importation thereof, were paid, and of the name of the person or persons by whom the fame were paid. ~

Penalty of car-	IV. And it is hereby further enadled. That no bar iron im-

ryihgby land ported into the port of London, by virtue or in purfuance of this anyTuch iron shall be carried or conveyed bv land carriage to any place eyon io beyond ten miles from any part or the port of London, except to his Majesty’s dock yards for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and if any person or persons shall carry and convey, or caufe or procure to be carried or conveyed upon horfe-back, or in any waggon* cart, or other carriage, any iron fo imported, to any place beyond the limits prefcribed by this a<ft, every person fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight of such iron.

V.	And that the importers of foreign pig and bar iron, not made in and imported from the said colonies, may not, upon any pretence whatsoever, claim the exemption hereby granted 5 be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That every merchant, trader, fadlor, or other perfon, loading any pig or bar iron on board any (hip or veffel in any of his Majesty’s colonies in America^ (hall, before the clearing out of the said (hip or veffel for any port of Great Britain, make oath before the governor or lieutenant governor, collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them (which oath every such governor or lieutenant governor, collector, and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, is hereby impowered and required to adininifter without fee or reward) that the pig or bar

iron

miles from London.

Oath to be made of the place where the iron was made, and to whom confined.



99

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio GeorCii II. c* 29*

iron fo (hipped, the true weight whereof shall in such oath be expreffed, was made at	within	the	colony of

in which oath also the name or names of the person or persons to whom the said iron shall be fold or configned, shall be exprefied ; and thereupon the said governor. Certificate to lieutenant governor, colle&or, and comptroller of the cuftoms, be given* and naval officer, or any two of them, shall deliver to such merchant, trader, fadtor, or other perfon, fo making oath as afore-faid, a certificate, under their hands and feal of office, of such oath having been made before them.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That Rujes to

no person or persons importing any pig or bar iron into Great obferved in the Britain from his Majesty’s colonies in America, shall import the importation of fame duty-free as aforesaid, unless such pig or bar iron shall be iron* damped with fome mark denoting the colony or place where the fame was made; and unless such person or persons shall produce such certificate to the chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain where the fame shall be imported; and unless oath shall be made before the said chief officer of the cuftoms, by the mafter or commanding officer of the (hip or ve del, importing such pig or bar iron (which oath such chief officer is hereby impowered and required to adminifter without fee or reward) that the iron fo imported is the fame iron mentioned in the said certificate.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority a- Iron not forefaid. That all pig or bar iron imported into Great Britain, marked, and which (hafl not be fo damped and certified as aforesaid, to be made certified, to in his Majesty’s colonies in America, shall bt fubjedt to the pay- pay thedutie** ment of the fame fubfidies, cuftoms, impofitions, rates, and

duties, to which such iron was liable before the making of this a<5i.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That if any governor, lieutenant governor, colledtor, or comp- falfe ccrtifi-troller of the cuftoms, naval officer or chief officer of the cuf- catcs> toms as aforesaid, shall falfely make any such certificate, every

perfon fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, and also forfeit and lofe his office, and be incapable of ferving his Majesty, his heirs and successors in any office of truft or profit; or it any merchant,&oaths j fadtor, trader, and mafter, or commanding officer of any (hip or veffel, shall falfely make any oath required by this a<5t, every such offender shall incur the puniftunent infixed by the laws of this realm for wilful and corrupt perjury; and it any person an(j 0f conn-(hall knowingly counterfeit any such (lamp, or shall counterfeit terfeiting the any such certificate, or publilh the fame, knowing it to be coun- (lamps, *>r terfeit, every such person fo offending shall incur the punilh- certificate, ment inflidled by the laws of this realm for forgery.

IX.	And, that pig and bar iron made in his Majesty’s colonies in America may be further manufa&ured in this kingdom,

be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and so mill for after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun- flitting of

H 3	dred^onjorplatc-





furnace for fteel to be eretted, &c. in America.

Penalty of 2001.

to be deemed a common nuifance;

ed,

ioo	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. Z9.	[1750.

ing forge; or dred and fifty, no mill or other engine for flitting or rolling of

XiM A<k X/\ v*	•	" I «	sm	|	(	|	,	.	|	^	^

iron, or any platemg-forgc to work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making fteel, shall be eretted, or after such erection, continued, in any of his Majesty’s colonies in America ; and if any person or persons shall erett, or caufe to be erected, or after such erettion, continue, or caufe to be continued, in any of the said colonies, any such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, every person or persons fo offending, (hall, for every such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

X. And it is hereby further enatted by the authority afore-faid. That every such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, fo erected or continued, contrary to the directions of this att, shall be and the go- deemed a common nuifance; and that every governor, lieute-yemor to caufe nant governor, or commander in chief of any of his Majesty’s it to be abat- coionies jn Jmerica, where any such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, shall be eretted or continued, (hall, upon information to him made and given, upon the oath of any two or more credible witnefles, that any such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, hath been fo eretted or continued (which oath such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) order and caufe every such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, to be abated within the space of thirty days next after such information given and made as aforesaid ; and if any governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, shall neglett or refufe fo to do, within the time herein before limited for that purpofe, every such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall from thenceforth be difabled to hold or enjoy any office of truft or profit under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XI. And it is hereby further enatted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures by this att in-flitted for falfely making any (lamp or certificate, herein before diretted, or for eretting or continuing any mill, engine, plate-ing forge, or furnace prohibited by this att, or for refufing or ne-gletting to abate the fame, shall and may be fued for and recovered by attion, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeflminJler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any or the courts of record in his Majesty’s colonies in America refpettively, wherein the offender shall dwell at the time when the offence shall be committed, or at the time when such attion, bill, plaint, or information shall be brought; and every such attion, bill, plaint, or information, to be brought in Great Britain, shall be laid either in the county where any such offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall dwell at the time when such attion, bill, plaint, or information shall be brought.

Application of XII. And be it further enatted by the authority aforesaid, the penalties. That all such penalties and forfeitures shall be applied, one moiety

Penalty of $00 L &c.

Method of recovering the penalties. ,

 v^ooQie

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 29^	101

ety to the ufe of his Maiefty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or personsas shall fue for the fame.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- *roft imported faid, That all bar iron which shall be imported from any of his ^entered,at> Majesty’s colonies in America into the port of London, by virtue the cuftom-or unaer the authority of this present ad, shall be entered at houfe in Loathe cuftom-houfe in London 5 and every bar of the said iron fo^on, entered, shall be marked or (lamped with such mark or (lamp

as the commiflioners of his Majesty’s customs shall for that pur-pofe order or dired, in three different parts of every such bar and to be (that is to fay) two of the said marks or (lamps at the	*

of one yard from each end of such bar, and the other of them p^ts.^ at or near the middle thereof.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enabled. That if any person Penalty of shall counterfeit, or willfully deftroy or deface, any of the said counterfeiting marks or (lamps, with an intent to convey or carry the fame to®^

any place ten miles from any part of the port of London, contrary	p	*

to the true meaning of this ad, every person fo offending, and being thereof legally convided, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at l¥ejl~ minfler; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall fue for the fame.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Governors to That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, every tranfmit certi-governor or lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of any fo^flitdng^* of his Majesty’s colonies in America^ shall forthwith tranfmit to^^ &c,5 the commiflioners for trade, and plantations, a Certificate under

his hand and feal of office, containing a particular account of every mill or engine for flitting and rolling of iron; and every plateing forge to work with a tilt hammer; and every furnace for making fteel, at the time of the commencement or this ad, ereded in his colony; expreffing also in the said certificate such of them as are ufed, and the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors of each such mill, engine, forge and furnace, and the place where each such mill, engine, forge, and furnace is ereded, and the number of engines, forges, and furnaces in the said colony; and if any governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, shall negled or refufe fo to do within fix * months after the said twenty fourth day of June, every such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief fo offending, shall be fubjed to such penalties and forfeitures, as any governor, or lieutenant governor of any of the said colonies is liable to for any offence committed against this ad, to be recovered in like manner, as is by this ad diredel for the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any adion or fuit shall be commenced a^ainft any per- adions.

fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in any such adion or fuit may plead the (general iffuc, and give this ad and the fpecjal matter in evi- General iflue, ~	H	3	dence,

 (^ooQle

JOZ	Anno	vicefimo	tertio Georgii II. c. 30.	[ 1750;

dence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it {hall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants5 and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon a verdift or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Treble cofts. {hall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

Publick aft. XVil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft shall be deemed a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

WHEREAS many persons, living, refuting^ tradings or dealing within the several parijhes, liberties, precinfts, hamlets, and places herein after mentioned, do contraft several debts, which in the whole amount yearly to a great sum of money, and although such debtors are well able to pay their refpeftive debts, yet often refufe fo to do, prefuming on the difeouragements their creditors he under from the expence they are unavoidably put unto in fuing for the fame, and the delays they meet with even after judgement; and as providing an eafy and fpeedy method for recovering of fmall debts, will greatly contribute to the promoting indujlry, and jupporting and encouraging ufeful credit; may it therefore please your mod excellent Ma-jedy, that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such parishioners or inhabitants of the several and refpeftive parities, liberties, precinfts, Parifhionersto hamlets, and places within the said Tower Hamlets, (the precinft meetonTuel- of the said Tower-within only excepted) as have a right to af-day after Ea- femble and meet for the choice of officers in their several and re-and tonomi- ^Pe<^lve vedries, or other places of meeting for tranfafting the nate 240com- publick bufinvfs of such parishes, liberties, precinfts, hamlets, jnifiioners, or places, and they or the greater number of them fo aflembled viz.St.Mary as aforesaid, are hereby respectively impowered and required on Whitechapel, t^e <pueJ}jay next after the feaft 0f Eajlcr, or within one month ChriftChurch, a^ter Eajler, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-»i 5	dred and fifty ; and on every Tucfday next after the fead of Eaf-

Lc?.na[^ ted, in every fucceeding year, to nominate, aflign, and appoint St JohnHack- *n	the	number of two hundred and forty of the mod

ney 1S; fubdantial and difereet persons refiding within their refpeftive St. Matthew parishes, liberties, precinfts, hamlets, and places, who shall Bethnal Green each be feifed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the va-8 *	lue

 L^ooQle

J75°.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30*	103

lue of twenty pounds per annum, clear of all incumbrances, or St. Mary, poflefled of a perfonal estate of the value of five hundred pounds Stratford Bow or more, clear of all incumbrances, to be commiflidners for the Bromley St. purposes herein after mentioned and exprefled in manner fol- Leonard 3 { lowing; videlicet, such parishioners of the parish of Saint Mary St. Anne 8 ; Whitechapel, to nominate, aflign, and appoint thirty ohe of the St. Paul Shad-faid persons; such parishioners of the parish of Chrijl Church st? Georeeiti other twenty one; such parishioners of the parish of Saint Leo- st! John Wap-nard Shoreditb, other twenty; such parishioners of the parish ping 175 of Saint John Hackney, other eighteen; such parishioners of the St.Sotolph parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, other eight; such pari-fhioners of the parish of Saint Mary, Stratford Bow, other four i Trinity Mino-fuch parishioners of the parish ofBromley Saint Leonard, other three; ries 3; such parishioners of the parish of Saint Anne, other eight 5 such End Old parishioners of the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, other fixteeen; Jew Town % such parishioners of the parish of Saint George, other eighteen ; Radcliffe 151 such parishioners of the parish of Saint John Wapping, other fe- Poplar and venteen; such parishioners of the parish of SaintBotolph without Blackwall 7; Aldgate, commonly called the liberty of Eajl Smithfield, other Wlth" fifteen; such parishioners of the parifn of Trinity Minories, other <$t# Kathe-three 5 such parishioners or inhabitants of the hamlet of Mile rine’s 7 5 End Old Town, other eight; such parishioners or inhabitants of Well Clofe 3 ; the hamlet of Mile End New Town, other three; such parish-ioners or inhabitants of the hamlet of Radcliffe, other fifteen; Norton such parishioners or inhabitants of the hamlet of Poplar and gate 5; Blackwall, otherTeven; (which said laft-mentioned four hamlets, are within the parish of Saint Dunjlan Stebunheath, otherwise Stepney,\n the county ofMiddlefex) iuch inhabitants of the precind of the Tower-without, other fix; such inhabitants of the precindt of Saint Katherine's, other feven; such inhabitants of the pre-cindt of Well-Clofe, other three; such inhabitants of the precindt of the Old Artillery Ground, other four; and such inhabitants of the liberty of Norton Falgate, other five; and the churchwardens of each of the said refpedtive parishes or hamlets, and the over-feers of the poor of each of the refpedtive liberties, precindts, or places aforesaid, for the time being, or one of them, lhall, Two lifts to within two days next after every such nomination, caufe two lifts be made out) to be made out, of the several persons fo refpedtively nominated, afligned, and appointed as aforesaid; and the said refpedtive One to be churchwardens shall caufe one of the lifts, or a true copy there- church^oor of, to be fixed and ftuck up at the church door of each refpec- one in * tive parish; and the overfeers of the poor of each liberty, pre- fome publick cinct, or place aforesaid, not being a parish of itfelf, shall also place, caufe one of the said lifts, or a true copy thereof, to be fixed and ftuck up in fome publick and convenient place, in each of their refpedtive liberties, precindts, or places aforesaid, not being a parish of itfelf; and such churchwardens and overfeers of the Notice to he poor refpedtively shall forthwith give or caufe to be given given to the notice to all and every the commiflioners fo nominated, af- commiflion-figned, and appointed, for each of their refpedtive parishes,er,# liberties, precindts, hamlets, and places, ot their being fo appointed commiflioners as aforesaid; and shall also within

H 4	two



io4	Anno	vicefimo	tertio Georgii II. c. 30.	[1750.

K lift to be two days after every nomination of commiflioners, purfuant to court houlfethe this a<^> caufe a true copy of such lifts to be made and wrote e* fair in one com pleat lift, taking the’feveral parishes, liberties, precindls, hamlets, and places in order as chey ftand in this a and shall flick up the fame in fome convenient part of the court-houfe, or other convenient place, to be provided by the (aid commiflioners, or the major part of them, at fome general meeting to be held for that purpofe; which said persons, fo nominated and returned by the said several parishes, liberties, preempts, hamlets, and places refpe&ively as aforesaid, from time to time, are hereby declared, conftituted, and appointed to be commiflioners to hear and determine all such matters of debt as Commiflion- are herein after-mentioned ; and such commiflioners are hereby ers conftituted conftituted a court of juftice, by the name of The Court of Re-a court. qUeji$ jor /fo Tower Hamlets; and the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them* arc hereby authorized, impowered, and required to aflemble, fit, and hold the said court twice in every week, videlicet, on every Tuefday and Friday, or oftener, if need be, in a court-houfe to be provided as aforesaid for that purpofe, in the said parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, or in fome other convenient place near or thereunto adjoining: and the laid commiflioners, fo to be afligned and appointed for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall have power and authority, by virtue of this adf, to give judgement and decree, and to award execution thereupon, with cofts, against the bodies, or against the goods and chattels of all and every the person or persons against whom they shall give any judgement or decree, as to them shall feem juft in law or equity, fo as no person shall remain in cuftody upon an execution for any longer /pace of time than forty days.

II.	And be it enaPled by the authority aforesaid, That if any plaintiff or creditor, defendant or debtor (after being duly warned or fummoned to appear in the said court by one of the beadles herein after directed to be chofen) (hall, without fome juft caufe to be allowed by the said commiflioners in court, or any three or more of them, refufe to appear in the said court before the said commiflioners, or shall not perform such order as th$ said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, shall make or fet down for or concerning such debts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, to commit every such person to the common gaol or houfe of correction for the said county of Middle-fex, or to the gaol for the liberty of the Tower of London, if such person shall refidc in the said liberty, there to remain until he, (he, or they shall perform the order of the said commiflioners, fo as ho person shall remain in cuftody for any longer space of time than forty days.

III.	And, for the more orderly and regular proceeding in the said court, and that no undue preference may be made or given in fummoning the said commiflioners to attend the bufmefs of the said court, be it further enacted by the authority afore-

' raid;

Three to fit Tuefday and Friday week-

and to give judgement, &c.

Perfons not aopearing on fummon9,

or not conforming.

may be com-* mitted.



1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.30.	105

faid, That the said beadles, or one of them, who are hereby Commiflion-impowered ’and required, from time to time, fo to do, shall c”^ytcIMl yearly fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, the first five persons m n . out of the first sixty named in the said complete lift, the first five persons out of the fecond sixty named in the said complete lift, the first five persons out of the third sixty named in the laid complete lift, the first five persons out of the fourth sixty named in the fame lift (making in all twenty peribns) to attend as com-miifioners of the said court for one calendar month, to commence at and upon the first day of May in each year; and fo the like number of five persons next (landing, and fucceffively following in each of the said sixty names, as they shall (land in order and rotation upon the said complete lift, to serve as com-miflioners from month to month, during the term for which they are fo chofen commifiioners.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Commiffion-(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exclude or debar any ?[?.not m ^7 of the persons who shall be nominated, appointed, and returned on may * for commifiioners as aforesaid, being duly qualified as aforesaid,

from fitting in the said court, although they be not in rotation j but that all such commifiioners shall and may, fo often as they shall refpe&ively think fit, fit and give judgement therein; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That from Power to fue and after the said first day of May, one tnoufand seven hundred redants for and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or ^cr aos^ Un* persons who now have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts

owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty (hillings, by any person or persons whatsoever, refiding or inhabiting, or keeping any (hop, (hed, flail, or (land, or feek-ing a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the diftrieft herein before deferibed, or any part thereof, to caufe such debtor or debtors, fo reliant, inhabiting, or keeping any (hop, (hed, flail, or (land, or feeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing, as afore- =n laid, to be warned or fummoned by one of the said beadles, who Beadletofum-Is hereby appointed, authorized, and required to execute all mon the debt-warrants, precepts, and procefs of the said court of requefts, by or, &c. perfonal service, or by writing left at the dwelling-houfe, or place of abode, (hop, (hed, (fall, Hand, or any other place of dealing of such debtor or debtors, to appear before the commif-fioners of the said court, to be held at or in the said court-houfe, or other place to be provided, as aforesaid; and that the After fum-faid commifiioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, after monsthecom-fuch fummons as aforesaid, have full, power and authority, by miflioiter* virtue of this a6l, from time to time, to make or caufe to be udgc" made, such adls, order or orders, decrees, judgements, and proceedings, between such party or parties, plaintiffs, and his, her, or their debtor or debtors, defendants, touching such debts, not amounting to the sum of forty (hillings, as they shall find to (land tvith equity and good confidence $ and all such alls, order or

orders,'



io 6

Orders, &c. of the court to be regiftred.

Coramifllon* ers may admi-nifter oaths to the parties.

If aftion for debt under 40 s. shall be fued in any other court,

the plaintiff to pay coils |

unlefs the judge certify there was a reasonable caufe ot action.

then the plaintiff to have coils.

Method of proceeding when anyAall infult the court.

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII II. c. 30.	[1750.

orders, decrees, judgements, and proceedings, shall be entred and regiftred in a book or books, to be kept for that purpose by the clerks of the said court, or one of them, and shall be ob-ferved, performed, and kept in all parts, as well by the plaintiff, as the debtor or defendant.

VI.	And for the more due and regular proceeding in the said court intended to be eftablifhed by this a<5l, it is hereby further enadled. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commifli-oners, or any three or more of them, to adminifter an oath to the plaintiff or defendant, and to such witness or wltnefles as shall be produced by each party, and also to all or any of the officers of the said court, for or concerning any bufinefs relative thereunto, if the fame commiffioners, or any three or more of them, shall fo think it meet.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if in any adlion of debt, or adlion on the cale upon an JJJumpfit for recovery of any debt to be fued or profecuted a-gainft any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King’s courts at IVeJlminJler, or elfewhere, out of the said court of re-queds, and it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court where such a<Slion shall be fued or profecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in such adlion doth not amount to the sum of forty (hillings, and the defendant in such adlion shall duly prove, by fufficient teftimony, to be allowed by any the judge or judges of the court where such a<5lion shall depend, that at the time of commencing such adtion, such defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the diftridl herein before defcribed, or any part thereof, and was liable to be warned or fummoned before the said court of requefts for such debt, then, and in such cafe, the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any cods of fuit; but shall award that the said plaintiff shall pay fo much ordinary cods to the party defendant, as such defendant shall judly prove before the (aid judge or judges it hath truly cod him in defence of the said fuit.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That where the plaintiff shall upon any adlion brought in any of the King’s courts at IVeJlminJler, or in any of the courts of great fedion of Walc$y or counties palatine, obtain a verdidl for lefs than forty (hillings, if the judge or judges, who shall try the said caufe, shall certify, that there was a probable or reafonable caufe of action for forty (hillings or more, in every such cafe, the plaintiff shall not be liable to pay cods, but shall recover his cods of fuit, as if this ac5l had not been made.

IX.	And, for the more effedlual establishing of the said court of requeds, and the better enforcing the orders and decrees which shall be made by the said commiffioners; and that the said commiffioners may be inveded with proper power arid authority,. and be free and exempt from any infults or abufes; be it furtner ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall contemptuoufly affront, infult, or abufe all of £riy of the Commiffioners of the said court, during their fitting

2	in



1750.3 Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH II. c. 30.	107

in the laid court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said beadles, or one of them, by order of the said commiffioners then fitting, or the major part of them, being three or more, to take such person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, into cuftody, and carry him, her, or them before one or more of his Majesty’s juftice orjuftices of the peace for the county of Afiddlefex, if the said offence be committed within the said county; or before one or more juftice orjuftices of the peace for the liberty of his Ma-jefty’s Tower of London, if the offence be committed within that liberty, to anfwer such affront, infult, or abufe; and upon the fa€t alledged being duly proved, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnelTes, against him, her, or them, then, and in such cafe, the said juftice or juftices shall proceed to punifti such person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, by fine not exceeding twenty (hillings, which fine shall be imme- Fine not to diately paid into the hands of the (aid juftice or juftices, before excccd aos* whom such offender or offenders shall be carried ; and if such offender or offenders shall not fo pay the said fine in manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said juftice or juftices for the said county of Middlesex, or the liberty of theTower aforesaid, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol, or houfe of correction for the said county of Mxddlefex, or to the said gaol for the said liberty, where the said offence shall happen refpedtively to be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding the space of one calendar month, or until j?or the impri-he, (he, or they mall have paid the said fine; and such fine, month! °nC when received by the said juftice orjuftices, shall be immediately paid over into the hands of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the pari(h, liberty, hamlet, precinCt, or place, where such offence shall be committed^ or where the party shall refide at the time of committing such offence, to be applied to- Applicationof wards the relief of the poor of such pari(h, liberty, precindf, the fine, hamlet, or place.

X.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid. That Copy of the the clerks of the said court, or one of them, mall fix, or caufe Sawalfe to**be to be fixed or ftuck up, in the moft publick part of the court hung up -m houfe aforesaid, for the (aid Tower Hamlets, or other place where the court, the said commiffioners shall fit to do bufinefs as aforesaid, a true

copy of the preceding claufe of this adl, to the end that no person or persons shall or may pretend ignorance in the premifies.

XI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That Penalty of in cafe any person or persons shall make oath, or give evidence, P^Wy* in anv caufe depending in the said court of requefts, whereby

he, me, or they, shall commit any wilful or corrupt perjury, and thereof be duly convi&ed according to law, then every such person or persons (nail incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties, as any other person or persons convi&ed of wilful perjury, according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the Commilfion-commiffioners fo nominated, affigned, ana appointed as afore- erstomeeton

faid,',Ma*,7S°>





and choofe clerks, and beadles.

Commiflion-ers difqualifi-

108	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	GeoRGII II. c. 30.'	[*750#

faid, shall and may meet at the said court-houfe, or fome other convenient place in the said Tower Hamlets, on Tuefday the first day of May> ill the year one thoofand seven hundred and fifty, or within one month afterwards, in the forenoon of the fame day; and then and there the said commiflioners, or the greater number of them then present, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required by ballot to choofe clerks of the said court, not exceeding four, nor lefs than two; and also beadles of the fame court, not exceeding four; who shall continue clerks and beadles of the said court, during fo long time as they shall behave themselves well in their refpedive offices.

XIII.	Provided always. That no commiffioner shall be capable of holding the office of clerk, or any other place of profit ed from being belonging to the said court.

O^the death XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, or refignation That it shall and may be lawful for the said commiflioners in of any of the court, or the major part of them then present, on the next clerks or bea- court day after the death or refignation of the said clerks or mfffioners'to* keac^es> or any or eit^icr °f them, or fo foon after as the fame is publickly known ; and they are hereby required to caufe the whole number of commiflioners to be fummoned, who next before such death or refignation were nominated and returned as aforesaid (by giving them four days notice at lead) to meet at the place aforesaid, within twenty days next after their being fummoned as aforesaid ; and such commiflioners at such meeting are hereby authorized, impowered, and required by ballot to choofe another person or persons, in the room of such clerks and beadles, or any or either of them, fo dying or refigning as aforesaid, for the ufes and purposes in this ad contained; and fo, from time to time, upon every such vacancy of the said office of clerk or beadle, for ever,

XV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall be capable of ading as a com-miflioner or commiflioners in the execution of the powers given by this ad, until such time as he and they shall refpedively have taken an oath to the effed following;

ele£t others.

"Commiflron ers to be fworn.

The oath.

I A. B. do J\wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeJUyy according to the hejl of my judgement, hear and determine such matters and things as Jkall be brought before me, by virtue of an aft of parliament (intituled, An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets) without favour or affection to cither party ; and that I am now feifed of lands, tenements^ or hereditamentj, of the value of twenty pounds per annum, clear of all incumbrances, or that I am poffejfed of a perfonal ejlate of the value of five hundred pounds, clear of all incumbrances what-foever.

Which oath three of the persons to be affigned, nominated, and appointed commiflioners as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to adminifier, or caufe to be adminiftered, and a memorial thereof shall be entered in the regifter of the said court.

XVI. And

6

1750.] AnndvicefimoterrioGeoRGIIII. c.30.	109

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. The fee* of That the several fees and fums of money hereafter limited and	and

expreffed, and no more or greater fees shall and may be taken bca for the refpeftive services of the clerks and beadles; that is to fay.

For every fummons, to the clerks, three pence; to the beadles, two pence.

For every hearing, to the clerks, three pence.

For calling the defendant before the court, when he or (he refufe to appear, to the clerks, two pence; to the beadles, one penny.

For an attachment against the defendant for not appearing to the fummons, to the clerks, fix pence; to the beadles, one (hilling.

For an execution, to the clerks, eight pence; to the beadles, one (hilling.

For paying money into court, to the clerks, fix pence.

For acknowledging fatisfadhon in full, to the clerks, four pence.

For acknowledging fatisfadtion in part, to the clerks, two pence.

For fearching the books, to the clerks, two pence.

For a nonfuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the clerks, two pence.

XVII.	Provided always. That a yearly account shall be given An account upon oath, by the said several clerks and beadles, before the said upon oath, of commiffioners, fitting in court, or any three of them, of the a- tl?e ftes» t(jJ* mount of the fees by them feverally received; and that if the ff^helame exfees hereby appointed to be taken for the services of the clerks, ceed 2001, to (hall, in anyone year, exceed two hundred pounds to each each clerk, or clerk, clear of all charges; and the fees for the services of the beadles, exceed sixty pounds to each beadle, clear of all charges, fJrplus to^be it shall and may be lawful for the commiffioners at a general divided, meeting to be held and fummoned for that purpofe, to order the furplus to be divided between the clerks and beadles in proportion to their refpe&ive fums of two hundred pounds, and sixty pounds per annum> and to order for the future that the said fees ' f be reduced, fo as to bring in, as near as may be, the said re- juced (pe&ive fums of two hundred pounds a year to each of the * clerks, and the said refpe&ive fums of sixty pounds a year to each of the beadles; and if at any time after such reduction, the bufinefs of the said court shall decline, fo as not to produce the said feyeral fums of two hundred pounds a year to each clerk, and the said several fums of sixty pounds a year to each beadle, it shall be lawful for the said commiffioners at a general meeting as aforesaid, to reduce the number of clerks, or increafe the fees again, fo as they do not at any time exceed the present fettled fees.

XVIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That a Table of the

table



no	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30*	[*75°*

fees to be	table of the aforesaid fees shall be hung up by the clerks of the

hung up.	faid court, or one of them, in fome publick and confpicuous part

of the said court-houfe, or other place where the said commifli-oners shall meet for the purposes aforesaid, to the end that all persons concerned may at all times fee and read over the fame ; Penaltyoftak- and if the said clerks or beadles, or either of them, for the time ing greater being, shall take or demand any greater or other fees than as a-fees, &c. bove-mentioned, or shall otherwise mifbehave himfelf or them-felves in the execution of his or their office, then he or they for every such offence shall forfeit and pay such fine, not exceeding the lum of twenty pounds, as the said commiflioners, or any three of them shall affefs, to be applied to the ufe of the lick, in the London infirmary.

Proceeding XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, against clerks, That upon complaint made by any person or persons, of the &c. where the mi(behaviour or breach of duty of the clerks or beadles, or any fervesa great-or e‘^er °f them, to be appointed by virtue of this aft, or of, cr puniih- any clerk or clerks, beadle or beadles, in taking or demanding ment.	any greater or other fees than as above-mentioned; and if it

(hall appear to the said commilfioners, or the major part of them then present, that such complaint deferves a greater punifhment, then such commiflioners fo fitting in court are hereby direfted and required to caufe the whole number of commiflioners to be fummoned to meet as foon as conveniently may be, by notice in writing to be given to all the said commiflioners respectively by the beadles aforesaid, or any other person or persons the com-miffioners shall direct, at lead four days before the holding of such meeting; and the said commiflioners fo fummoned, and then present, being not lefs than fixty, shall and may examine into the merits of such complaint; and if it shall then appear to the said commiflioners, or the major part of them, that such clerks or beadles, or any or either of them, have or hath been guilty of milbehaviour or breach of duty as aforesaid, in his or their office, or in taking any greater or other fees than above-mentioned, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or the major part of them, to fufpend or remove such clerks and beadles, or any or either of them, from his or their said office, and to call another general meeting of the whole commiflioners, by giving two days notice at lead, in writing, as aforesaid, and within eight days next after the removal of such clerks or beadles, or any or either of them ; at which meeting all the commiflioners, or the greater part of them, shall and may choofe by ballot a clerk or clerks, beadle or beadles of the said court, in the room of such clerk or clerks, beadle or beadles fo removed as aforesaid.

Certain debts XX. Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein excepted. contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any leafe of lands or tenements, or any other real contraft, nor ta any other debt that shall arise by reason of any caufe concerning teftament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclefiadicial court, albeit the fame shall be under

Ill

1750,] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.

der forty (hillings ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,^0 fujt fa That no adion or fuit for any debt not amounting to the fum debts recover-of forty (hillings, and recoverable by virtue of this ad in the able by this laid court of requefts, shall be brought against any person refid-ing or inhabiting within the jurifdidion thereof, in any othercouru ** court whatsoever.

XXII.	And whereas the four council of the ancient court of the Mar(halfea,^«i of the court of his Majeflys palace ofWestminster, who bold their office for the terms of their natural lives refpeftively, and who have been made chargeable by parliament, and aftually offefifed to the land tax for their freeholds in their said offices, will fuflain great lofs by this present aft, unless a compenfation Jball be made to them

for the fame \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid, | pep ann# That the clerks of the (aid court of requefts for the time being to be paid (hall, and they are hereby required out of the fees limited or to yearly to each be limited to tne said clerks by virtue of this present ad, to pay of the/°?rh or caufe to be paid unto John Lawfon, Lomax Martyn, ^r^Mar&aUea.C Weller, and John Le Grojs Spelman, efquires, the present council of the said ancient court of the Mar/halfea, and the court of his Majesty’s palace of Wejlminjler, as a compenfation for the lofs they will fuftain in their said offices by this present ad, for and during the terms of their refpedive natural lives, the yearly fum of thirty pounds a piece, of lawful money of Great Bri~ tain, (free and clear of and from all charges and dedudions what-* foever) to be paid to them Severally and refpedively, yearly and every year, at or upon the several feaft days following; that is to fay, the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel; the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrifl ; the feaft of the annunciation of the Blefled Virgin Mary ; and the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to begin and to be made at or (Upon the feaft day of Saint Adi-ehael the Archangel, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

XXIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained This ad not shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain the ancient1? extend to court of record, held for and within the liberty of the Tower of

London, from holding plea of any perfonal adion, the caufe of within, &c, which shall arise within the precind of the fortrefs of the said Tower commonly called The precinftof the Tower within, orfrom holding plea of any perfonal adion (other than adions for debts not amounting to the value of forty (hillings, the caufe of which shall arise in any part of the liberty of the said Tower, out of the said precind of the Tower within) or to take away or abridge any jurifdidion, authority, privilege, immunity, or exemption, which the chief governor of the said Tower, or his deputy or deputies, or any officers or minifters, or inhabitants within the (aid liberty, enjoys or enjoy, or ought to enjoy by virtue of any law, ulage,cuftom, prefeription, grant, charter, or commiffion ; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And





112

Limitation of attions.

General iffue.

Treble cofts.

Publick aft.

Free trade to Africa.

Traders in* corporated, &c.

Their name,

TAnno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31?	[1750.

XXIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or fuit shall be brought or commenced iagaind any per-fon or persons for any matter or thing done or to be done in purfuance of this aft, then and in such cafe such aftion or fuit shall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after the faft committed, and pot afterwards, and the defendant or defendants in such aftion or fuit to be brought shall and may plead the general ifTue, and give this aft, and the fpe-cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difconti-nue his, her, or their aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits j or if upon verdift or demurrer, judgement shall be given againd the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cods, and have such remedy for the fame, a9 any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XXV,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid> That this aft shall be deemed, adjuaged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, judices, and all other persons whatsoever, without fpeci-ally pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for extending and improving the trade to Africa.

WHEREAS the trade to and from Africa is very advantageous to Great Britain, and  necessary for the supplying the plantations and colonies thereunto belonging with a fujpcient number of negroes, at reafonable rates \ and for that purpose the said trade ought to be free and open to all his Majesty's Jubiefts; therefore be it enafted, and it is hereby enacted by the Ring’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Tliat it shall and may be lawful for all his Majesty’s fubjefts to trade and traffick to and from any port or place in Africa, between the port of Sallee in South Barbary, and the Cape of Good Hope, when, and at such times, and in such manner, and in or with such quantity of goods, wares, or merchandizes, as he or they shall think fit, without any redraint whatsoever, fave as is herein after exprefled.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all his Majesty’s fubjefts, who shall trade to or from any of the ports or places of Africa, between Cape Blanco, and the Cape of Good Hope, shall for ever hereafter be a body corporate and politick, in name, and in deed, by the name, of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and by the fame name shall have perpetual fuc-ceffion, and shall have a common feal; and by that name shall and may fue, and maybe fued, and do any other aft, matter and thing, which any other body corporate or politick, as fuch, can or may lawfully do.

n3

1750.]	Anno vifceflme tertio GeoRGH It. c. 31.

III.	And, the better to uphold, maintain, and defend, all futh forts, feftories, and fettlements, on the coalt of Africa* asnow^re erefted, or hereafter shall be thought neceflary to be crewed, for the securing and better carrying on the said trade, f

be it further enacted by the authority afcirefaid, That all and fcttfement*, every the Britifb forts, fettlements, and faftories on the coaft and faftories, of Africa, beginning at Cape Blanco aforesaid, and extending &c. of the from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclufive, arid all other Royal African the regions, countries, dominions,' territories, continents, ve^^mthe coafts, pons, bays, rivers, and places* lying and being with-new company, in the aforesaid limits, and the lflands neat* adjoining to thofe coafts, and comprehended within thofe limits, which are now claimed by, or are in the poflefllon of, the Royal African Company of England, or which may be hereafter in the poflefllon of the company hereby eftablilhed* (hall, from and after the palling of an aft of parliament for diverting the African company of their charter, forts, caftles, and military (lores, canoe men, caftle Haves, and all other their property on the coaft of Africa, their goods and merchandizes only excepted, be abfolutely veiled in the said new company eftablilhed by this aft and their fucceflors, to the intent and purpose that the said forts, fettlements, and premifles, shall be employed at all times hereafter, only for the* protection, encouragement, and defence, of the said trade.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Companypro*

faid. That it shall not be lawful for the company eftablifhed by hibited to this aft, to trade to or from Africa in their corporate of joint ca- [ofn^caMcity^ parity, or to have any joint or transferable (lock, or to borrow &c.	*

or take up any fum or fums of money on their common feal.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A comfnittee the direftion and management of the affairs of the said company °£”ine to be hereby eftablilhed, shall be in and by a committee of nine per-

fons, to be chofen annually, as hereafter is mentioned, who are nagC the af-to meet and affemble together, from time to time, as often as fairs of the (half be neceflary, at fome place in the city of London ; and the company, committee-men for the time being, or any five or more of them, or the major part of them fo aflembled, (nail, from and after the palling such aft of parliament for diverting the African company of their charter, forts, caftles, and military (lores, canoe men, caftle (laves, and all other their property on the coaft of Africa, as aforesaid, or before the palling such aft, fo far as the said Af± rican company shall confent thereto, have full power, from time to time, to make orders for the governing, maintaining, preferv-ing, and improving the forts and faftories already built, or which hereafter shall be built, within the limits aforesaid ; and to appoint governors, deputy governors, or any other officers, civil or military, of or for the said forts and fettlements, and them to remove and difplace when they shall fee fit, and to make orders and regulations for the better government of the said officers and fervants abroad, and to take fecurity from them for their good behaviour, and for their paying due obedience to the regulations eftablilhed by this aft* ana to such other orders and re 1	the	faid	committee	(hall,	from	time	to	time,	think

I

proper

by 



114 Anno vicelimo tertio Georg liII. 0.31.	[*750.

No reftraint proper to make; fo as no orders or regulations, to be made by thetrsde °or	^ coinm‘ttee> AmiII tend t0 lay *ny reftraint whatfoevef

traders/* °r on th* said trade or traders to or from Africa, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Traders who That the traders, or persons intending to trade to or from Af-for their free- rica> who, in order to be admitted into the freedom of the said dom in the company, (hall, on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thou-company, to fand seven hundred and fifty, have paid into the hands of the meet on xo chamberlain of the city of London, the sum of forty (hillings each choofcTthe first ^or their freedom in the said company, shall or may meet and committee $ aflemble on the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the guildhall of the said city; and they, or the ma-jor part of them fo aflembled, shall or may choofe three persons: and that in like manner such others of the traders to or from Africa who, in order to be admitted into the freedom of the said new company, (hall, on or before the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fifty, have paid into the hands of the clerk of themerchants hall in thecity of Brijlol, the sum of forty (hillings each for their freedom of the said company, shall or may aflem-ble on the tenth day of July, one {houfand seven hundred and fifty, in feme convenient place in the city of Brijlol and they* or the major part pf them fo afiembled, mall choofe three other persons ; and that in like manner such other of the traders to or from Africa, who, in order to be admitted into the freedom of the said new company, (hall, on or before the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have paid into the hands of the town clerk of Liverpool, the ium of forty (hillings each for their freedom in the said company, shall or may aflemble on the said tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the town hall of Liverpool; and they, or the major part of them, who shall be fo aflembled, shall and may choofe three other persons; and the nine persons fo to be cho-fen in the manner before exprefled, shall be the first annual com-who are to m‘ttee f°r managing the affairs of the said company, and shall contirme for continue in office for one year, and until others shall be chofen one year* in their room refpe&ively, as is herein after mentioned.

VII.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-Ele&ionsto be faid. That in all future elections, the said committee of nine on 3 July persons shall annually, on the third day of July in every year, yearly. be nominated and chofen as follows; that is to fay, three of the said committee shall be nominated and chofen by the major part of the freemen of the said companv, admitted to the freedom of the said company in London, who (nail aflemble for that purpose at London; three other persons to be of the said committee, shall be chofen and nominated by the major part of the freemen of the said company admitted to the freedom of the (aid company in Brijlol, who shall aflemble for that purpose at Brijloland three other persons to be of the said committee, shall be chofen and nominated by the major part of the freemen of the said company admitted to the freedom of the hid company in the

com-



175°0	Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. C. 3 r.	115

town of Liverpool who shall aflemble for that purpose at Liverpool•

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the major part of the freemen of the said company, Power to made free at London^ aflembled for that purpose at London, from c^°°re. ot^cv time to time, at their will and pleafure, to choofe and supply one ^^ntlie" or more committee-man, or committee-men, in the place or room of thole* places of any of the committee-men by them chofen, that shall who foall die, happen to die, be removed, or refufe to adt 5 and in like man- &c*

ner. That it shall and may be lawful for the major part of the freemen of the said company, made free at BriJloly aflembled for that purpose at BriJloly from time to time, at their will and pleafure, to choofe and supply one or more committee-man or committee-men, in the place or places of any of the committee-men by them chofen, that shall happen to die, be removed, or refufe to adt: and that it shall and may be lawful for the major part of the freemen of the said company, made free at Liverpool, aflembled for that purpose at Liverpool, from time to time, at their will and pleafure, to choofe and supply one or more committeeman, or committee-men, in the place or places of any of the committee-men by them chofen, that shall happen to die, be removed, or refufe to adi: and publick notice lhall be inserted 10 days no- . in the London Gazette, previous to every such eledtion, by thetice of such committee for managing the affairs of the said company, of the	lt^e

time and place when and where such election is to be had, ten £ondolii Ga-days at leaft before the time appointed for such eledtion.	zette.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further cnadted by the autho- no ejeft;on rity aforesaid. That in cafe at the time appointed for the (irflbe made by and other eledtions of the said committee-men, the traders ad- the traders of mitted to their freedom, in any one or more of the said cities one town and towns refpedtively, shall negledt to proceed to such choice;

in that Cafe, luch other of the persons who shall be chofen by the other, (Hall

the traders admitted to their freedom in the other of the said manage the

cities or towns, or the major part of them, though lefs in num- affairs.

ber than nine, shall or may adt as the committee for managing

the affairs of the said company, until the next annual election ;

and that all eledtions of committee-men for managing the affairs

of the find company, shall be determined by the majority of where 3 July

votes then present ; and that in all cafes, where the third day of shall be a Sun-

July shall happen to fall or be on a Sunday, the annual election day, the elec-

of committee-men shall be had and made on Monday the fourth t,/)n

day of uly.	,he*th’

X.	Provided always, That in cafe of an equality of votes, jn equality of

the lord mayor of London, the mayor of Brijioly and the mayor votes, the of Liverpool refpedtively, shall and may determine which of such mayor to de-persons shall be the committee-man or committee-men.	tcrmiqe.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatpjrft meeting the said committee for managing the affairs of the said new of the com-company, shall meet together for the iirft time on the fir ft Monv m,ttce*

day in Augujty one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and shall then fettle the manner of their future meetings, and of the notices and fummons to be fent for that purpofe, from time to time,

I 2	to



n6	Annovicefimotcrtio Georgii II. c.31.	[1750.

No orders of to the members of the (aid committee; and no order or reiolu-the commit- t;on Qf the said committee, to which all the members of the aif are'not faic* conimittee, present at the making thereof, shall not be con-contenting, to Tenting, shall be valid or binding, urdefs the fame shall be ap-be valid, un- proved and confirmed at a subsequent meeting of the Taid com-lefi confinned mittee, at which all the members of the said committee shall meedw ^ he present, or of which, such of them as shall happen to be ab-fent, shall have had the ufual notice.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That on every meeting of the said committee, when the time prefixed for entering on bufinefs shall be come, and the said nine committee-men, or fo many of them as are neceflary to make chairmanto a comm*ttee> shall he present, before they enter upon bufinefs, be chofen. a chairman shall be chofen by lot out of the committee-men then present, who shall take the chair for that meeting; and shall not be permitted to give his vote that day on any queftion before the said committee, unless there shall happen to be an e-. quality of votes on any queftion or queftions; in all which cafes m^abfent at ^ cha*rman shall be at liberty to give his vote on which the'choiaTof (*deof the queftion he shall judge to be right; and to prevent the chairman any of the (aid committee-men from being defignedly abfent not to vote, when a chairman is to be chofen, every committee-man, who shall not be present at the choice of the chairman, shall not be permitted to vote on any queftion before the committee that day; but shall be at liberty to be present, and give his opinion in all matters whatsoever, as any other committee-man may do : and all matters which shall be decided by a plurality of votes of such committee-men as shall be intitled to vote, (haft be deemed and taken to be decided by a majority of committee-men present; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

.	XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

ing 4o*!on or That such of his Majesty’s fubje&s, who (hall, on or before the before jo said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty June, 1750, to pay to the chamberlain of London, the clerk of the merchants be the 1fad hall in Brijlol, or the town clerk of Liverpool refpe&ively, the mem rs, . fum Qf forty (hillings each, for their freedom in the laid company, shall be the first freemen and members of the said new company eftablifhed by this a<ft: and that, from and after the (aid thirtieth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and fifty, any other of his Majesty’s fubje&s, trading, or intending to trade to or from Africa, shall and may be admitted to be a freeman or member of the said company at London, Brijlol, or Liverpool, upon his payment of the sum of forty (hillings for the fame, to such person or persons, as the committee for managing the affairs of the said company (hall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint to receive the fame in London, Brijlol, or Liverpool, refpetfively.

Perfons ad- XIV. Provided always. That no persons fo admitted, after mined after the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and to voreatany	teintitled	to	vote for the election of any committee-

•leftion for * naan, until one year after such admifiion. a year.	2 XV.	And

*75°J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 31.	117

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, C*?5ficat*#0^ That the chamberlain of London, the clerk of the merchants ad“ hall in Brtjiol, the town clerk of Liverpool, and such other per- mi

Ions whom the committee for managing the affairs of the said company (hall, at any time hereafter, appoint to receive the said liims of forty (hillings for the admiflion of persons into the freedom of the said company, (hall, upon their receiving the fame,fign and deliver a certificate to the person paying the lame, certifying his having paid the sum of forty (hillings for his being admitted into the freedom of the said company; for which F f . certificate there shall be paid to the person appointed to receive cmificato* the (aid fums of forty (hillings, the sum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more, as a fee or reward for his trouble therein. Names of the and the names and places of abode of every person paying the company to said fum of forty (hillings, shall be entered in any book or books be entered, which the person receiving the fame is hereby required to keep for that purpofe.

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, S®1"1 r®fe*Te<* That the chamberlain of London, the clerk of the merchants hall ^\dto at BrijloU and the town clerk of Liverpool, shall refpedlively pay the order of over the several fums of forty (hillings, which shall have been ttyc commit-paid to them for freedoms of the said company, to such person toe»

or persons whom the committee of the said company shall authorize to receive the fame * and (hall, at the fame time, deliver over the books, in which the names and places of abode of the persons who shall have refpedlively paid the said fums of forty (hillings each for their freedoms in the said company, shall have been entered, to such person or persons as the said committee shall appoint to receive the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enadled by the authorify aforesaid. Receivers to That the person or persons who (hall, from time to time, be ap- annuaily* and pointed by the said committee at London, Brijioly and Liverpool deliver lilts to receive the (aid fums of forty (hillings, payable by persons of the names, on their being admitted into the freedom of the said company,

(hall annually, or oftener, if required by the said committee, pay and deliver over all such fums, which shall have been paid to them refoedlively for freedoms in the said company, together with lifts of the names and places of abode of the persons from whom they shall have refpedlively received the fame, to the said committee, or as they (hall, from time to time, diredl.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority, aforesaid, liftof the That a true and exadl lift (hall, from time to time, be made company to and kept at the office or place where the said committee shall be kept at the tranfadl their bufinefs in London, of the names and places of0 cc* abode of all persons admitted into the freedom of the said company, diftinguithingthe place where each person was admitted ;

which lift shall annually, ten days at lead before the annual e-r an5* ledlions, be printed and delivered, without fee or reward, toanlTbeforc the such of the persons admitted into the freedom of the said com- eleaion*. pany, who shall defire the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

I 3	That

n8	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31.	[1750.

None to be That no person shall be capable of being chofen, or adling as a cbofen into committee-man, above three years fucceffively j and two or above™™ ear*more Pcrf°ns, who shall be in copartnerfhip in trade, shall not iucce/Hvely, bp capable to be chofen or aas committee-men, during the &c.	fame time or year: and the said nine persons or any of them,

fhall not, during such time as they shall be of the said committee, in any manner, dire&ly or indirectly, trade jointly, or in pr to trade in copartnerlnip to Africa, or lade, or catife to be laden, any goods partnerfhip, or merchandizes on board the fame (hip, in which any one of £c*	► the said nine committee-men (hall, for that voyage, nave be-

fore laden goods to be carried to any place in Africa.

Committee XX. And be it further enabled, That the said committee may veft the shall and may, from time to time, invert such part of the mo-money in the ney in their hands, as they shall judge neceffary, in the purchafe ^ood^to be of goods and ftores, which, after the fame are infured, which lent to Africa t^ieY are hereby impowered and, required to procure to be done, for the ufe of* are to be fent and exported to Africa, there to be fold, difpofed the fettle- . of, and applied for the foie ufe, prefervation, and improvement mentsj 0jf the forts and (ettlements there, and for the payment of the falaries and wages to the officers, and other persons employed for keeping and preferving the said forts and fettlements, and but not carry ^ot ot^erw,^!: hut lt not he lawful for the said committee pn a trade to *° carry, or caufe to be carried, or exported from Africa, anv and from A- negroes, or other goods, in return for the said goods they shall frica.	f0 export from Grtat Britain, or in any other manner to carry

on any trade to or from Africa: and a juft and true account of Books of the the said committee’s receipts and payments (hall, from time to receipts and tjmCj he kept in a book or books for that purpose : which book or books shall be open at the office or place where the said committee shall tranfacl the affairs and bufinefs of the said company in London, jto be perufed at all feafonable times by any perform admitted to the freedom of the said company, without fee or reward.

XXL And. be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners for trade and plantations are hereby authorized and impowered from time to time, in cafe any of th™commu °f ^ committee-men, or any officer or fervant appointed by tee-men?offi- *hem, ^a^l he guilty of any mifbehaviour, contrary to the true

payments to be opened*

Thccommif-fioners for trade may

intent and meaning of this act, to remove any of the said com-m ttee-men, officers, or fervants. from their employments, giving notice of such removal, ana fpecifying the caufes thereof, to the said committee, and when a committee-man, shall be fo removed, the said committee shall give notice forthwith to the tee-man, no- mayor Qf the city or town by whom the said committee-man

ccrs, &c.

Pn removal of a commit-

tee to be £iyen,

was chofen, to elect another in the room or Read of him fo removed ; and if an officer or fervant shall be fo removed, the said committee are hereby impowered to appoint another in the room or ftead of him or them fo removed, pommiffion- * XXII. Provided nevertheless. That whenever any commit-; ers to fummon tee-man shall be charged with milbehaviour yi his employment, and hear any the commiflioners for trade and plantations shall fummon fuch

com-

1750.J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgn II. c. 31.	119

committee-man to appear before them, and (hall, in cafe he at- committee-tends, hear such committee-man ; and upon his attendance or "»»»charged default, examine into the truth of the said charge, before they viour!"1* * shall remove him from his employment as aforesaid $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Committee to That the said committe-fiiall, and they are hereby required to give the com-render a juft and perfect account of all their tranfa&ions once a “dfioner* an year, to the cotnmiffioncrs for trade and plantations, or oftener, fy of^he^if^" if thereunto required by the laid commiuioners, or any three or proceedings, more of them ; in which shall be contained an account of all &c.

the monies received and disburfed by the said committee, or their order \ and also an account of all the orders and inftruc-tions given by the said committee, a&.well to their officers and fervants in Great Britain, as on the coaft of Africa ; and all the anfwers given thereto by the said officers and iervants employed by the said committee $ and of all other matters or thing what* foever which shall be tranfadled by the said committee.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, Application That the said committee, out of the monies they shall receive, the monies shall dedudfc annually a fum, not exceeding the sum of eight (^commit-hundred pounds, for defraying, in thd first place, the (alaries oftcc#

their clerics and agents at London, Brijlol* and Liverpool, the houfe-rent of their office in London, and all other charges df management, commiffion or agency, in England$ and the refi-due of the said eight hundred pounds shall be (hared and divided amongft themfelves, as they shall iudge proper, as a com-penfation for their trouble ana attendance in the said office of committee-men; and the reft of the monies which the said committee shall receive for the admillion of persons into the freedom of the said company, or otherwise, shall be applied and appropriated wholly to the maintenance, fupport, and improvement of the forts and fettlements already built, or which hereafter shall be built, on the coaft of Africa* which (Hall be in the pofteflioq of the said company; and for keeping them in good repair; and for providing ammunition, and other (lores, and officers and soldiers to defend the fame$ and for paying the (aid officers and foldiers; and to and for no other ufe or purpose whatsoever.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, commjttfe at That the said committee (hall, within one month after the ex- the expiration piration of the year for or during which they shall have been of the year, to chofen committee-men, lay before the curfitor baron of the lay thejr ac-court of exchequer* an account of all the money received by the committee during the preceding year, and of the application baron j * thereof, upon oath $ and the said curfitor baron (hall, within

one month after the said account shall be laid before him, examine, pafs, and audite the fame; and for the better difeovering of the truth of such account, the said curfitor baron is hereby impowered to examine any of the said committee-men, and joch other person or persons as he shall judge neccflary, upon

14	oath.

no	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii II. C.31.	[1750:

oath, touching the articles or particulars in such account ex-preffed, or such of them as the said curfitor baron shall think fit; which account, fo audited and paffed by the curfitor baron, shall be final and conclufive, and shall be a fair and abfolute difcharge to the said committee-men, without their being compelled to give or render any further or other account thereof; and the said committee (hall, every feflion of parliament, lay before the parliament a copy of such armual account, audited as aforefajd, and of all orders and regulations made by them in the preceding year, relating to the said forts and fettlements, or the government of their officers or fervants employed Therein; and copies of every such annual account, orders, and regulations, shall be annually laid before a general meeting of the members of the said company, to be had in London, Brjftol, and Liverpool refpeCtively ; of which fourteen days notice shall be previoufly given in the London Gazette.

XXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, to be obftruc- That no officer, or any other person to be employed by the laid *c4r	committee,	at any of the forts or fettlements built or to be built

in Africa, shall at any time hereafter, in any manner, or on any pretence, obftruCt or hinder any of his Majesty’s fubje&s in The buildings trading; and that the forts, warehoufes, and buildings, already to be free for ereCted, or which shall hereafter be ereCled, by the said company, shall and may at all times hereafter be free and open to all his Majesty’s fubje&s, to be ufed as warehoufes for depofit-ing gunpowder, gold, elephants teeth, wax, gums, and drugs, and no other goods, and forfafety XXVII. Provided nevertheless. That the said forts, ware-of their per- fcoufes, anj buildings, may and (hall, in cafe of neceflity or I>,#	danger,	be free and open to all his Majesty’s fubjeCts, for the

fafery of their persons, and fecurity of all their effeCts whatfo-ever.

XXVIII. And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Thaf it shall and may be lawful for" any of his Majesty’s fubjeCts

find a copy thereof, and of their proceedings, before the parliament,

and before a general meeting-

Traders not

warehoufes$

Traders may h^ild houfes

under the pro- trading to Africa, for the fecurity of their goods or (laves, to

tc&ion ot the____A r ^	.	   c	V



penalty on mailers of yeffels committing violence, &c. on natives.

ereCt houfes and warehoufes, under the protection of the said forts, or eltewhere in any other part of Africa within the limits aforesaid, for the better carrying on of his or their trade there ; which houfes and warehoufes shall be the property of the person or persons who shall build the fame; but shall not be dif-pofed of, or lett, to any foreigner wbatfoever.

XXIX. And be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid. That no commander or mafter of any (hip trading to Africa, shall by fraud, force, or violence, or by any other indirect practice whatsoever, take on board, or carry away from thecoaft of Africa, any negro or native of the said country, or commit, or fuffer to be committed, any violence on the natives, to the prejudice of the said trade; and that every person fo offending, lhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety thereof fo the ufe of the said company hereby eftablifhed, and their fuc-

ceffors,

121

175°.] Anno vicefimo tcrrio Georgii II. c. 31*

ceffors, for and towards the Maintaining the said forts and fettle* ments, and the other moiety to and for the ufe of him or them who Mall inform or fue for the fame.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, InftniCtion* to That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commif- ^

fioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Gfeat 0fSw^r> Britain for the time being, (hall, from time to time, give in* to infpe& the (I ruCtions to the captains of such of his Majesty’s (hips of war condition of as shall be Rationed or ordered to cruife within the limits afore-	.

laid, from time to time, to infpeCl and report to them the (late ^(^>bcfbre> and condition in which the said forts and fettlements shall be; parliament# and the officers of such forts are required to permit such captains to view and infpedt the fame; and copies of all such reports (hall, every session of parliament, be laid before parliament.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Officer* of the

That such commiffion officers of his Majesty’s navy, as the	to	the

lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for ex- Condition of ccuting the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the fort*, &c. time being, shall appoint for that purpofe, shall infpeCl and examine the (late and condition of the forts and fettlements on

the coall of Africa, in the pofleffion of the said royal African company, and of the number of soldiers therein, and also the Hate aod condition of the military (lores, caflles, (laves, canoes, and other veflels and things, belonging to the said company, and neqeffary for the ufe and defence of the said forts and fettle-riients, and shall with all poffible difpatch report how they find the fame, to the said lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the said office; and the said company, and their officers and fervants, are hereby required to permit the said officers of the navy to make such infpe&ion and examination, and to aflift them therein ; a copy of which report shall be laid before parliament at the beginning of the next feffion.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-That the accountant general of the high court of Chancery for ers appointed the time being, and such two of the other mailers of the said cxaipme court, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain for the time creditor, being, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the

time being, or the lords commiffioners for the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, (hall, from time to time, nominate for that purpofe, shall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed commiffioners for examining into the claims of the creditors of the said royal African company: and such commiffioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required, by the examination of the parties interefted, or the tefti-mony of witnefles upon oath, or by the infpeelion and examination of the books, deeds, writings, and accounts of the said company, and their creditors refpe&ively, or otherwise, according to their difcretion, to examine into the said claims, and to enquire and (late how and when the fame were refpe&ively incurred, and for what confideration the fame were originally, really, and bona fide, contracted or became due; and upon what

confi-

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGJI II. c. 31.	[1750.

confideration, and when the claimants became refpedively in-titled thereto* together with their opinion of the juftnefs and reafonablenefs of such debts refpedively; and for that purpose all and every the creditors of the said company are hereby required on or before the refpedive days and times hereafter limited and appointed for that purpofe, to deliver or caufe to be delivered in writing under their refpedive hands, or the bands of persons by them refpedively authorized, unto such officer or officers, ana at such place within the city of London^ as the said commiffioners, or any two of them shall appoint, of which notice ffiall be given in the London Gazette a juft and true account of their refpedive claims upon the said company, together with a true copy of the fecurities by which they refpedively claim the fame, and such of the said creditors as refide in Great Britain or Ireland,, shall make their refpedive claims on or before the thirtieth day of Augujl, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and such of them as are refident on the coaft of Africa, or elle-where beyond the feas, shall make their refpedive claims on or before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the directors and officers of the said company, and all other persons whatsoever, whom the said commit* fioners, or any. two of them shall think fit to examine, touching the matters aforesaid, are hereby ftridly required and enjoined to attend the said commiffioners, from time to time, and at all such times and places as the said commiffioners, or any two of them, shall under their hands require or appoint, and: to give the bed and trued information they can, touching the.faid claims, and to produce all books, papers, deeds, or records relating thereto, in their refpedive cuftorly or power, as the said commiffioners, or any twp of them mall dired; and the said commiffioners, or any two of them are hereby authorized to admi-nifter an oarh, for the better difeoyery of the truth of the fads, touching which such examination or inqpiry shall be made ; and Time for they are hereby required to clofe and finifh their examinations of doting their ajj t^e ciajms that shall be made by such of the said creditors, examina ions. wjj0 refide in Great Britain or Ireland, at the far theft, on or before the thirty first day of January, one thousand feven'hundred and fifty, and of all the claims that shall be made.by such of the said creditors who refide in Africa, or any other pans beyond the feas, on or before the twenty eighth day of February, Accounts to one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and the said commif-be laid before f10ners fViall lay accounts of their proceedings before the parlia-parliament. ment with a]1 conV€nient fpeed.

Perfons fum- XXXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, monednotap-That in cafe any person or persons fummoned to appear before pearing, &c. the said commiffioners, shall wilfully negled or refufe to appear t0’ttedC°m' anc* ejfai™ned touching the matters and things by this ad di-mi ' reded to be inquired into, or shall refufe to anfwcr, or shall not fully anfwer to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners present at the time of such examination, or any two of them, all queftions put to him, her, or thepn, by the said commiffioners, or any

twq



1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31.	123

two of them, as well by word of mouth as by interrogatories in writing 5 or shall refufe or wilfully negleCt to produce, from time to time, to the said commiffioners, or any two of them, all books of accounts, papers, and writings, in their cuftody or power, relating to the matters herein directed to be inquired into by the said commiffioners, as the said commilnoners, or any two of them, (hall, from time to time direct, then and in every such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, or any two of them, by warrant under thair hands and feals, to commit him, her, or them, to such prison, as the said commiffioners, or any two of them, shall think fit, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such person or persons shall fubmit him, her, or themfelves, to the said cpmmiffioners, and produce before them such books of accounts, papers, and writings, upon oath, and full anfwer make, to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners, to all such queftions as shall be put to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft; and the said commiffioners, in every cafe where any person or persons shall be by them committed for refufing to anfwer, or for not fully anfwering any queftion or queftions put to him, her, or them, by the said commif-fioners, by word of mouth, or upon interrogatories, shall in their warrants of commitment fpecify such queftion or queftions.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- The African faid. That the said royal African company, their directors, offi-

cers, and fervants, and every of them, (hall, for the space of difpofing of one year, to be computed from the feventeenth day of March, ftores, &c. one thousand (even hundred and forty nine, be, and they are hereby reftrained and difabled from affigning, transferring, or difpoling of all or any their military ftores, ammunition, (laves, canoes, veffels, and things necefTary for the ufe or defence of their forts aqd fettlements; and all actions, fuits, and procefs. Suits for mo-depending, or which shall be hereafter commenced or profecut- ney due by cd by any person or persons for recovery of any debt or fum of *hem» ftayed money due, or pretended to be due, from the said company, or for x ycar* from any person or persons, for or in refpeCt of any debt or debts contracted for or on behalf of the said company, shall be, and the fame are hereby flayed for the space of one year, to be computed from the said feventeenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine.

XXXV.	And whereas David Crichton, late one of the chief agents of the said company at Cape Coaft Caftle, now a prisoner* for debt in the cuftody of the Jberiffs of the city of London, did, with two others of the said company's agents or Jervants there (to. wit) Thomas Chalmer and James Craik, in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five, contract a debt at Cape Coaft Caftle aforesaid, of fourteen hundred pounds, for and on the behalf of the said company, for the support and maintenance of their forts and fervants : and whereas the said David Crichton now ftands charged in the cuftody of the said Jberiffs, in execution, on a judgment given in the court of King's Bench, at the fuit of one William

1*4	Anno	vlcefimo tertio Georgii II. C. 31. f 1750.

liam Stead, for the debt aforesaid, which, together with coafis of fuit, and interest thereon, amounts in the whole to the sum of fixteen hundred and four pounds, fixleen fallings y and fix pence, upon a judgment obtainedagainfi him in his Majefiy's court ^/King’s Bench, by the (aid William Stead; be it therefore enabled by the autho-David Crich- rity aforesaid. That the said David Crichton be forthwith dif-charged out of the cuftody of the said (heriffs upon the said behalf of* the DwM Crichton's giving a new judgment to the said William company, to Steady for the laid fum of fixteen hundred and four pounds, fix* be difcharged. teen (hillings, and (lx pence, with (lay of execution thereon, for one year, to be computed from the said feventeenth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and forty nine: and further, That the said David Crichton do enter into a bond to the said William Steady with two fureties to be approved of by one of the judges of the court of King's Bench, in double the penalty of the said fum of fixteen hundred and four pounds, fixteen (hillings, and fix pence, with which the said David Crichton (lands charged in cuftody, with condition that he the said David Crichton will not withdraw himfelf out of Englandy but will always be ready, either m London or Middlesexy at the expiration of the said year, to be fubjedt to any procefs the said William Stead shall think proper to take out against him.

Expences of	XXX VI. And be it further etjaCled by the authority aforesaid,

this ad. That the expences of obtaining and pafling this a£l, shall be defrayed and paid by the said committee for managing the affairs of the said new company, out of the first monies they shall receive for the admiflions of persons into the freedom thereof; commit n and exPcnccs °f	commiflioners, their officers and

^mmt on- fcrvant9j an(j Qf t^c inquiry to be made in purfuance of this aCl, shall be defrayed, in the first place, out of such compenfa-tion as shall be hereafter granted-by parliament, on the said royal African company’s being diverted of their charter, lands, forts, caftles, (laves, and other effe&s.

Penalties how XXXVII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-to be recover- faid, That the penalties infli&ed by this a<5l may be fued for and recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westminstery or in any of the courts of his Majesty’s plantations or colonies in Americay wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and all and every offence and offences which any person or persons shall be guilty of on the high fea, or on (hore, within the limits before mentioned, contrary to this a<fl, shall be enquired of and determined in his Majesty’s court of King's Bench at Westminstery or before such commiflioners, and in such county of this realm, as shall be afligned by his Majesty’s commiflion, and by good and lawful men of the fame county.

Limitation of XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enaCled by the authority fcftions. aforesaid, That if any aCtion or adlions shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons for what he or they (hall

do,



2750.] Aiino vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 32.	12$

do, or caufe to be done, in purfuance of this aft, then, and in every such cafe, such person or persons ihall and may plead the general ifliie, and give this a ft and the fpecial matter in evi- General iffue. dence; any law of ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfta ruling.

^ XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Publick aft.

faid. That this aft shall be deemed and t?ken to be a publick

aft, and shall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices,

and other persons whatsoever, without fpeciaUy pleading the

fame.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for granting to bis Majesty certain duties upon such fpecies of fail cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, during the time therein limited.

WHEREAS large bounties have been granted and allowed by the parliament of Ireland on fail cloth of the manufafture of that kingdom, which hath encouraged the importation of confederate quantities of the said manufafture into Great Britain, which may tend to the prejudice of the Jaid manufafture in this kingdom: we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty, your heirs and fuccefTors, such duties on fail cloth imported from Ireland as are herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the twenty ninth day Duties on the. of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the several importation of duties following shall be levied and paid to his Majesty, his heirs canvas, and fucceflors, upon all canvas or lail cloth of the manufafture or co * of Ireland, imported into Great Britain (on which the several bounties of four pence, and two pence a yard refpeftively, granted4by an aft of parliament made in Ireland in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, shall have been allowed) that is to fay. For each yard of all such canvas or fail cloth imported as aforesaid, of the value of fourteen pence a yard, and upwards, a duty of four pence; and for each yard Method of of such canvas or fail cloth, imported as aforesaid, of the value levying and of ten pence a yard, and under fourteen pence a yard, a duty of duties-* **** two pence: which refpeftive duties shall be levied, recovered, u lc * and paid, by such means and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and shall be applied to the fame ufes and purposes, as the duties now payable upon the importation of foreign fail cloth are collefted, levied, and applied.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, in order to and for afcer-prev^nt frauds, and to afeertain upon what canvas or fail cloth the (aid bpunties Qf four pence and two pence shall have been *r f^| clotli»

paid.



12 6

the bounties shall have been paid.

Duties to be paid as long as the bounties shall continue,

Officer of the customs may examine the pieces on importation, &Ci

Method of af-certaining the duties.

Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii II. c.33.	[1750.

paid. That no canvas or fail cloth shall be imported from Ire-land into this kingdom but in wh6le or entire bolts or pieces; and if the loops or double threads of the said bolts or pieces fo imported, which by the said a6i of parliament made in Ireland, in the nineteenth year of his present Majeftv’s reign, are directed to be part of the warp at the middle of that end of the web which is laft in weaving, shall be cut off; or if such bolts or pieces be (tamped with an impreffion, importing the payment of either of the said bounties, then, and in either of the said cafes, such canvas or fail cloth shall be deemed to have received the said bounty, and be liable to the payment of the refpeCtive duties laid and made payable by virtue of this adh

HI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That the said several duties of four pence and two pence a yard by this adt impofed, shall continue and be paid on all such canvas and fail cloth imported into Great Britainy for fo long time as the refpedlive bounties allowed by virtue or in confequence of the said adt of the parliament of Ireland shall continue, and no longer.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon the importation of any canvas or fail cloth from Ireland into this kingdom, it shall be lawful for the colledtor, comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuftoms, to open, view, and examine the fame ; and if it shall appear that either of the said bounties has been paid, and no regular entry of such canvas or fail cloth has been made at such port where the fame was fo imported, then, and in such cafe, all the canvas or fail cloth fo omitted to be entered as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and feized by any officer of the cuftoms.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That if any difpute shall arise touching the duty which ought to be paid upon such canvas or fail cloth, such duty shall be afeer-tained in the fame manner, and under the fame forfeitures and penalties, as duties upon goods and commodities imported into this kingdom, and fubjedt to payment of duties ad Valorem, are afeertained.

CAP. XXXUI.

An all for preventing delays and expences in the proceedings in the county court of Middlesex •, and for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts in the said county court.

WHEREAS Jberiffs in their several county courts hold plea of all perfonalaftions where the debt or damages do not amount to forty Jhillings: and whereas the proceedings in the county court s* in such a Cl ion s have been found to be vexatious, expenfrve, and dilatory : for remedy thereof in the county of Middlesex, and for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the said county \ may it please your Majeftv, that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and

with



127

f75°*I Anno viccfimoterrio Georgii II. c. 33.

with the advice and conient of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons* in this present parliament*aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the twenty fourth Suitors of the day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, it (nail and c^n2[cCcoun may be lawful to and for the fuitors of the county court of *y clerk^may* Middleftx, together with the county clerk of the said county in determine county court aflembled, or the major part of them the said fuits for debt county clerk and fuitorp fo aflembled, upon any plaint to be under 4.0s. m entered in the said county court in any fuit where the debt or damages shall not amount to the sum of forty (hillings* to pro- ’ ceed in a fummary way, and from time to time to make such order or decree* orders or decrees, as shall feem to them, or the major -part of them fo aflembled* to be juft and agreeable to equity and good confcience; and for the better difeovery of the and examine truth* and more fpeedy obtaining the end of such fuits, be it tbe parties further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and uP°n oatlu may be lawful for the said fuitors and county clerk in the county court aforesaid, to examine the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, and their witnefles, viva voce, upon their several corporal oaths.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from Times and

and after the said twenty fourth day of June, it shall and may be places ap-lawful for the (heriff of Middlesex, by his county clerk, to hold	[he

his county court, for the proceeding in purfuance of and under county^ourt. the authority of this ad, on Thurfday in every week, at fome convenient place, within the hundred of Offuljlon in the county of Middlesex, and on the first Tuefday in every month, at fome convenient place within the hundreds of IJlewortb or EUhorne, and

on the laft Tuefday in every month, at fome convenient place within the hundred of Edmonton; provided always. That the monthly court of the said (heriff shall nevertheless be held and kept as has been accuftomed.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That such vvijo fliall be persons, and such persons only, shall be deemed and taken to deemed luit-be fuitors of the said county court to be held by and under the or*, authority of this ad, as arc qualified to serve on juries on trials

at Nift Prius in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at JVeJlminJler, by virtue of the laws in being.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from No plaints, or

and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no plaint to be court8 ma^be entered in the said county court, as aforesaid, nor any or- removed^ * der or orders or other proceedings to be had thereupon by	1

virtue of this ad, shall be removed out of the said court

by any writ of Recordari facias Loquelam, Certiorari, or fa'fe

Semen t, orotherwife howfoever ; but such order or orders except plaints 1 be made by the said fuitors and county clerk shall be final in replevin, and conclufiveto all parties whatsoever ; provided nevertheless, that all plaints in replevin shall be proceeded in, and removeable in the fame manner, as if this ad had not been made; provided who may be alfo, That no person or persons shall be liable to be fummoned fummoned to to the said county court at the fuit of any plaintiff or plaintiffs,thc court.

other

Parties not conforming, may be committed.

118	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Georgii	II.	c.	33.	[175a.

other than such person or persons as was or were liable to bd Jurisdiction offummoned to the county court of Middlesex, before this a61 wad the county made, and that this act shall not extend to give the said county ^n^d'by thiscourt any jurifdi6lion to hold plea of, or to hear or determine aft.	any a6tion, caufe or fuit, other than such a&ion, caufe, or fuit;

as the county court of Middkfex might have held plea of by plaint before the making of this a6h.

V.	And be it ena6ted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, after any plaint shall have been entered as aforesaid, and the defendant or de^ fendants shall have been duly fummoned, and either the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said plaint named, or the defendant of defendants shall neglect or refufe to abide by and perform such order or orders, as the said fuitors and county clerk (hall, from time to time, make, pronounce, and fet down in writing; thenit shall and may be lawful to and for the county clerk tor the time being, by warrant in writing under his feal, to commit such plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, to the county gaol of the said county, or any other common gaol within the said county, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, or any (horter space of time, at the diferetion of the said fuitors and county clerk; provided nevertheless, that if the person or persons fo committed (hall, before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they shall be committed, perform such order or orders, then he, (he, or they shall forthwith be discharged.

VI.	And be it enafled by the authority aforesaid, That in any cafe where the said fuitors and county clerk shall have made any order or decree for the payment of money, it shall and may be lawful for the said county clerk, at the prayer of the party profecuting such order or decree, to iffue a precept under his leal in the nature of a writ of Fieri Facias, which precept shall be dire&ed to one of the bailiffs attending the said court/ who is hereby authorized to levy the fum or fums of money mentioned in such precept, in tlje fame manner as any (heriff may levy money by virtue of any writ of Fieri Facias iffuing out of any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJiminJler.

VII.	And be it enaefted by the authority aforesaid, That the

ever month unc*er	of	Middkfex	for the time being, after the said tvv^n-

threellftsoi ’ *y fourth day of June, (hall, fix days before the end of every *» freehold- month, deliver to the county clerk of the said county three fe-ers, to attend, veral lifts, each lift containing the names and places of abode of

twelve persons, to be by the said (heriff taken from the freeholders book of the said county of Middlesex, as fuitors to attend the said county court for the fucceedine month for the fe-veral divifions hereafter named; that is to lay, one lift for the hundred of OJfulfton, one for the hundred of IJkworth and El-thorne, and one for the hundred of Edmonton; and the county clerk of the said county shall caufe the said persons in the said several lifts named, to be fummoned to attend the said court at the time and place to be mentioned in the said fummons; for

each

Where an order for payment ot money shall be knade, the tountv clerk tnay iflfue a precept for levying.

tinder (heriff to deliver



129

i750. J Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII II. c. 3$.

each of which lids the said county clerk shall pay the (aid under fheriff the sum of four pence, and no more; and no other fuitor, except the persons fo fummoned, shall have any voice in the said county court, held under the authority of this aft; and no None to at-perfon shall be liable to be put upon such lift to attend the said fend but once court as a fuitor thereof, oftner than once in every year.	in a year-

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any fuitor fo qua- suitors not lifted as aforesaid, after having been duly fummoned to attend attending, to the said court, shall negleft or refufe to attend according to such he amerced fummons, and there shall not be a fufficient number of fuitors 20 ••

to proceed in the bufinefs of the said court, then it shall and may be lawful for the said county clerk to amerce such fuitor as shall not attend in any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h where the said court shall fit* to be recovered by the overfeers of the poor of the said parilh for the time being, or any one of them; by plaint in the said county court, in the fame manner as any other debt or demand may be recovered in the said court under the authority of this aft.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- wbemhein-forefaid. That no person or persons refiding or dwelling within habitants of the hundreds of Goare, Eltbome, Spelthorney or IJlewortb, shall particular

be liable or obliged to attend the said county court, either as a Pla^,es ftiall o,c fuitor or defendant, in any other place than within the said hun- t0 at* dreds of Ifleworth or Eltbome \ and no person or persons refiding or dwelling within the hundred at Edmonton, shall be liable or obliged to attend the said court in any other place than within the said hundred of Edmonton.	'

X.	And be it further enacted, That every fuitor attending Suitors to be the said court, before he enters on the hearing or determining f^orn*

any matter in controverfy, shall take the following oath to be adminiftered by the said county clerk or his deputy, who id hereby authorized to adminifter the fame, that is to fay,

I,Swear, That I will impartially and truly bear and determine the The oath.

fever a I matters in controverfy which Jhall be brought before mef as a fuitor of this courts according to the evidence, and the left of my fkiU and judgement.

So help me God.

XI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall be guilty of any contempt or difturbance of the said court, fitting the court, then it shall and may be Penalty on lawful for the said fuitors and county clerk to order such person contempt or or persons to be taken into the cuftody of any officer or officers difturbance of attending the said court, which officer or officers is and are thc couru hereby requited and authorized to detain such person or persons in his or their cuftody during the fitting of the said court, and the said fuitors and county clerk may, if they think fit, amerce such person or persons, in any fum, not exceeding forty (hillings, to the ufe of the poor of the parish where the said court Vot. XX.	K H	(kail

130	Anno	vieefimo	tertio GeoRGII XL c.	[1750^

(hall fit, to be recovered by the overfeers of the poor of the laid parith for the time being, or any one of them, by plaint, in the said county court, in the fame manner as any other debt or demand may be recovered in the said court under the authority of this adh

County clerk*, XII. And be it further enabled. That the county clerk for and officers the time being, and the other officers of the said court, shall re-fees.	Ceive	and	take	the	fees under-written, and no other or greater

fees, that is to fay.

The county clerk for entering the plaint, four pence.

For every warrant, four pence.

For every fummons, four pence.

For every order, eight pence.

For entering every order, four,pence.

For hearing, fix pence.

For execution, four pence.

For entering the appearance of the defendant or defendants, fix pence.

The crier for every call, one penny.

The officer for fummoning, four pence.

The officer for execution on the gooJs, two (hillings.

On the perfon, three (hillings.

Table of fees to be hung up.

William Whittaker efquire, continued county clerk.

Sheriff to appoint future ^county clerks.

County clerk to be (worn.

A table of which fees shall be publickly hung up in every place where the said county court shall be held.

XIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That William Whitaker of the Middle Temple, London, efquire, the present county clerk of the said county of Middlesex, shall continue county clerk of the said county, fo long as he shall behave himfelf well in the said office; and from and after the refigna-tion, removal, or death of the said William IVhitakei■, and fo often as the said office shall become vacant, the (heriff of the county of Middlesex for the time being, shall appoint a fufficient person to be county clerk of the said county, who at the time of such appointment shall be of the degree of an utter barrifter of three years (landing at the bar, and be approved by the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners of the great feal, the lord chief iuftice of the court of King's Bench, and the lord chief juftice of the court of Common Pleas for the time being, or any two of them, which person fo appointed and approved shall continue county clerk fo long as he shall behave himfelf well.

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said William Whitaker (hall, within one month after the said twenty fourth day of June, and every fucceeding county clerk of the said county, within one month after his appointment and approbation as aforesaid, take the following oath in the county court aforesaid, that is to fay.

The oath.

1

A. B. do	fwear,	That I will well <md truly execute the office of

county clerk of the comity of Middlesex, according to the bejl of

my



,75°*J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.33.

my still and knowledge > and that I will net deny er delay jujlice, and vuill not by myfelf, or knowingly by any deputies, clerks, or fervatUS tender me, or by any other ptrfon or ptrfons, receive or take, or caufe, or permit, or fujfer ‘to be received or. taken, ony greater or ether fees in my said office of county clerk, than such as are directed to be taken in and by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his ma-jefty King George the Second, intituled. An a<& for preventing delays and expences in the proceedings in the county court of Middlesex, and for the more eafy and fpcedy recovery of small debts within the laid county court.

So help me God.

Which oath shall and may be adminiftered by any two fuitors CUth to be re* present, and shall be entered in the county court book, and giftered* figned by the (aid county clerk, and attefted by the fuitors present at the adminiftration thereof.

XV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it County clerk shall and may be lawful to and for the county clerk of the said may appoint county for the time being, to appoint his fuflScient deputy to hlsdePuty* a<5t for him in the said office of county clerk, which deputy in

the abfencc of the said county clerk, shall have the feme autho-rity as if himfelf was present, provided ncverthelefs that fiich deputy be of the degree of an utter bai-rifter of three years (landing at the bar, and provided such deputy be nominated by the said county clerk in open court, three weeks at the lead before his appointment, and the majority of the fuitors present at the said appointment aflent thereto; and the said deputy shall at Deputy to bt every court before he proceeds to the hearing or determining (Worn. ' any matter in controverfy, take the oath herein before dire&ed to be taken by the fuitors of the said court, except the words,

As a fuitor of this court, which oath shall and may be adminiftered by any two of the fuitors present.

XVI.	And be it cnadted by the authority aforesaid, That if Method of the said county clerk, or any other county clerk of the said coun- proceeding ty, shall not behave himfdt well in his said office, it shall and ^erk may be lawful for any twenty four or more freeholders of the for misbeba* feia county, to apply by petition to the lord high chancellor, viour.

lord keeper or commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, thereby complaining of the mifbehaviourof the said county clerk, and upon such petition it shall and may be lawful for thd said lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffioners of the great feal, the lord chief juftice of the court of Kings Bench, and the lord chief juftice of the coun of Common Pleas for the time being, or any two of them, to meet together, and to hear and determine the said complaint in a fummary way; and in cafe the said county clerk shall be found, upon due examination and proof before them, to have been guilty of any such mifbehavi* our in the said office, then and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord high chancellor, lord keeper or commiffi-oners, and the said chief juftices, or any two of them, to amove {fee said county clerk from his said office.

K 2	XVII. And

132 Penalty of perjury.

Officers, &c. fued for acting*

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 33.	[1750.

XVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall make oath, or give evidence in any caufe depending in the said county court, whereby he, (he, or they shall commit wilful and corrupt perjury, and thereof be duly convidted, then every such person of persons shall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties, as any other person or persons convidted of wilful and corrupt peijury is or are liable to by the laws and ftatutes now in being.

XVIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforelaid. That in cafe any adtion or fuit shall at any time hereafter be commenced or brought against any member, officer, or minifter of the said county court, or against any other person or persons, for or in refpedt of his or their adting in purfuance of or under the authority of this adt, That it shall and may be lawful for such per-

may plead the f°n *n CVCI7	a&i°n or <uit to plead the general iflue, and give

general iflue. this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, and the warrant or precept under the feal of the (aid county clerk, being duly proved in any such adtion or fuit, shall be deemed a fumcient proof of the authority of the said county court, and of all other proceedings in the said court, previous to the ifluing of such warrant or precept; and in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such adtion or fuit shall have a verdidt pafs against him or them, be nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or fuit the defendant or defendants (hall, in any of the said cafes, be allowed double cofts.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any adtion of debt, or adtion upon JJfumpfitj shall be commenced and profe-

_ cuted after the said twenty fourth day of June, in any of his Maxell are lia- jefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfier, ana the defendant or defen-inVhe^ county ^ants, a* the time of such adtion brought, shall live or refide in court, Y the said county of Middlesex, and be liable to be fummoned to the said county court, and the jury upon the trial of such caufe shall find the damages for the plaintiff under the value of forty (hillings, unless the judge shall in open court certify on the back of the record, that the freehold, or title to the plaintiff’s land, principally came in queftion, or that an adt of bankruptcy principally the defendant camc in queftion at such trial, then, and in such cafe, no cofts shall to have double awarded to the plaintiff in such adtion, but the defendant or cofts.	defendants	(hall be intitled to, and. recover double cofts of fuit.

This adt not XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-to extend to forefaid, That nothing in this adt contained (nail extend, or be the Tower, or conftrued to extend, to his Majesty’s Tower of London, or the the Tower several pari(hes, liberties, precindts, hamlets, and places, within Hamlets, the Tower Hamlets.

or to the city XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-and liberty of forefaid, That nothing in this adt contained, shall extend, or be Westminster. conftrued to extend, to the city and liberty of JVeJlminjhr> and ' the precindts of the fame, and (o much of the several parilhes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, in the county of Middlesex, as lies without the city and liberty of JVejltninjler; and also in the precindts of the Savoy, adjoining thereto.

XXII. And

Double cofts.

In fuits pro-fecuted at Wefttninfter,

 L^ooQle

l7S°J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 34.	133

XXII. And be it further enaded, That this ad shall be deem- Publick act ed a publick ad.

CAP. XXXIV.

An all for permitting raw Jilk of the growth or produce of Perfia, purebafed in Ruflia, to be imported into this kingdom from any port or place belonging to the empire of Ruflia.

WHEREAS by an all made in the fourteenth year of his pre- 14 Geo. 1.

fent MajeJlfs reign (intituled, An act for opening a trade c. 36. to and from Perfia through Ruff a) it is (amongfi other things) en-altedj That from and after the, twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fond seven hundred and forty one, it Jhall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, free, or to be free, of the fellowjhip of Englifh merchants for dtfeovery of new trades, commonly called The Rtffia Company, exclufive of allothers, to bring and import into this kingdom, in British built flipping, navigated according to law,, from any port or place of or belonging to the Czar or Emperor of Ruflia, raw filky or any other goods or commodities of the growth, produce or manufallure of Perfia (provided such manufallure be made of the growth or produce of Per fia) being pur chafed by barter with woollen, or other manufaHureSy goods, or commodities, exported from Great Britain to Ruflia, and from thence carried into Perfia {gold and fiver in coin or bullion excepted) or with the produce arifing from the fales of such manufallures, goods, or commodities, fo exported to Ruf-fia, and carried into Perfia, as aforesaid, and not otherwise: and it is by the said all also further enalledy That no filky or other produce, commodities, or manufallures of Perfia, Jhall be imported into Great Britain through Ruflia, by virtue of the said all, unless the importer or importers thereof do take an oath9 or (being of the people called Quakers) a folemn affirmation, before the collellor, customer, or comptroller of bis Maiefys customs (who are by the said all impowered to adminijler the fame) at the port or place of importation, that9 to the beft of bis or their knowledge and belief the filky and other the pro-ducey commoditiesy or manufallures<?/rerfia, contained in his or their entry or entries, was or were really and truly pur chafed by barter with woolleny or other manufaHureSy goods, or commoditiesy exported from Great Britain to Ruflia, and from thence carried into Perfia {not being gold or filver in coin or bullion) or with the produce arifing from the fales of such woolleny or other manufaHureSy goodsy or commoditiesy fo exported as aforesaidy and not otherwise; and that in default of taking such oath or affirmation all such filky or other the produce, commoditiesy or manufallures of Perfia, fo imported from Ruflia, Jhall be liable to be feized andJorfeitedy in like manner, as if the fame had been imported contrary to the all made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secondy intituledy An act for encouraging and increafing of (hipping aftd navigation: and whereaSy foon after the commencement of the Jaid all made in the fourteenth year of his present Majcfiy's reigriy a very beneficial trade bftwefn Great Britain and Perfia, through Ruflia, was openedf by

K 3	means





134	An no vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 34.	[1750.

means whereof great quantities of raw filk* and other the goods and commodities* of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Perfia, were imported into this kingdom, in return for the woollen and other manufactures^ goods, and commodities of Great Britain, upon much eafur and more advantageous terms than such filk* and other goods and commodities of the growth, produce* or manufacture of Perfia could have been otherwise procured: but whereas the said trade between Great Britain and Perfia, through Ruffia, hath been, for fame time paft* interrupted, the fubjeds of Great Britain not having been of late permitted to tranfport Britilh manufactures* goods, and commodities into Perfia, through the dominions or territories of or belonging to the empire of Ruffia, in confequence whereof the importation of raw filk* and other commodities of the growth* produce, or manufacture of rer-fia, from Ruffia, hath been difeontinued: and whereas it would be of great advantage to the trade of this kingdom in general* as well as contribute to the increafe and improvement of the felk manufactures in particular* if raw felk of the growth or produce of Perfia, pur-chafed in Ruffia, were permitted to be imported from any of the countries, dominions* or territories of the empire of Ruffia, in return for woollen and other manufactures exported from Great Britain to Ruffia, although the fame be rot carried from thence into Perfia; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand (even hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, free or to be free, of the said fellowlhip of Englijh merchants for difcovery of An exdnfive new tra(*cs> commonly called. The Ruffia Company, exclufive of right granted aM others, to bring and import into this kingdom, in Briti/b totheRuflia built (hipping, navigated according to law, from any port or

!>)ace within the countries, territories, or dominions of or be-onging to the empire of Ruffia, raw filk of the growth or produce of Perfia* which shall be purchafed by barter with woollen or other manufactures, goods, or commodities exported from Great Britain to Ruffia, although the fame be not carried from thence into Perfia* (gold and filver in coin or bullion excepted) or with the produce arifing from the fale of such manufactures, goods, or commodities, exported from Great Britain to Ruffia as aforesaid, and not otherwise, upon paying, or securing to be paid, the customs and other duties now payable for the fame, by any law now in force, according to such rules, methods, and directions, and in the fame manner and form, and with such allowances, abatements, difeounts, and drawbacks, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, as are by law prescribed and praCtifed, on the importation of raw filk of the growth or produce of Perfia* imported into this kingdom from any port or place in the Levant feas, by any person or persons free of the Levant or Turkey company; any thing in the said aCt made in the fourteenth year of his prefau Majesty’s reign, or 2	in

company, to import from Ruffia, raw filk of the produce of





I75a«] Anno viccfimo tertio GboROH II. G.35, 36.	135

in the said -a6t made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled. An act for encouraging and increafing of /hipping and navigation, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by theautho- Importers to

rity aforesaid. That no filk of the gtowth or produce of Perfia\ make oath of fhaU be imported into Great Britain, from any of the countries, dominions, or territories of or belonging to the empire of Ru/Jta, barte^with y hy virtue of this a<d, unlefe the importer or importers thereof goods export-do make oath before the collector, cuftomer, or comptroller of ed from Great his Majesty’s customs (who are hereby impowered and required	t0

to adminifter such oath) at the port or place of importation, that K a* to the bed of his or their*knowledge and belief the filk contained in his or their entry or entries was really and truly purchafed by< barter with woollen or other manufactures, goods, or commodities, exported from Great Britain to Ru/fia (not being gold or filver in coin or bullion) or with the produce arifing from the file of fiich woollen, or other manufactures, goods, or commodities, fo exported as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and in default of making such oath, all such filk fo imported from any of the countries, dominions, or territories of or belonging to the empire of Ruffta, shall be liable to be feized and forfeited, in like manner as if the fame had been imported contrary to the said adt made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for encouraging and increafing of /hipping and navigation,

III.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained shall ex- Rights of the tend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive the corporation of Eaft India the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft company re-IndieSy of any of the powers, privileges, franchifes, and benefits lervc * which'do or shall belong to them, or which they could or might

have had and enjoyed in any manner whatsoever, if this aCt had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That Publick ad. this aCt shall be deemed a publick aCt, and shall be judicially

taken notice of as such by all judges, juflices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for making a better and more effedual provifion for the relief of the poor, for the cleaning the ftreets, and for keeping a nightly jwatch, within the pari(h of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for fettling a ftipend or maintenance upon the redor of the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, and his fuccelTors, in lieu of ty thes.

K4

CAP*

J



.Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c. 37,	[1750.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for building a bridge crofs the river of Thames, from Hampton Court in the county of Middleiex, to Eaft Moulfey in the county of Surry.

WHEREAS many mifchiefs and inconvenitncies would be pre-vented9 and great benefit would arise to the inhabitants of the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and to the publick in general, if a bridge were built crofs the river of Thames, from Hampton Court in the county of Middlesex, to the oppofite Jhore at Eaft Moulfey in the County of Surry: and whereas by virtue of letters patent, under the great feal', bearing date the twelfth day of March, in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, James Clarke efquire is become pojfejfed of the manor of Eaft Moulfey, with the appurtenances, in the county of Surry; and also all that pojfage of water upon the river of Thames, called Hampton Court Ferry, between Eaft Moulfey and Hampton Court, and is intitled to the premiffes for the term of twenty fix years9 or thereabouts, now remaining unexpired9 and yet to come9 of the term of years granted by the said letters patent: and forafmuch as the said James Clarke hath made his mojl humble fuit to your Majesty % that your Majesty would be gracioujly pleafed to give leave, that he the said James Clarke may build a bridge crofs the said river,from Eaft Moulfey to Hampton Court; and your Majesty hath been gracioujly pleafed to fignify your confent thereto; may it therefore please yoiir fyjajefty, that it may be enacted,

James Clarke efquire impowered to build a bridge crofs tbe Thames from Hampton Court to Eaft Moulfey; and to turn and make a highway or bridge leading to the fame; making (atisfadtion for the damage. Five commiflioners of the land tax for Middlesex and Surry, to fettle the damage in cafe of difpute. If the parties shall be diflatisfied, pjr retule to treat, the commiflioners are to iflfue their precept to the (herilf, to retprn a jury, to inquire and aflefs the recompence ; their verdidts, and the judgements of the commiflioners thereon, to be binding. Upon payment, or tender of the money, the premifles may be ufed. Commiflioners may fine the (heriff, and others, making default 40 s. If in building the bridge any damage shall be done, for which no recompence has been ipade, the commiflioners are to afcertain the fame by a jury. Care to be taken that there be no overflowing occafioned by the bridge. Meeting of the commiflioners not to be above 6 miles diltant from the place in queftion. The bridge vefted in Jan\es Clarke, efquire, and his heiys. Tolls: for every coach, See. drawn by 6 horfes, as. 6d. by 4 horfes, is. 6d. by left than 4 horfes, is. For every waggon, &c. drawn by 4 horfes, ;s. 6d. and by lefs than 4 horfes, 1 s. For every horfe, See. not drawing; jr d. For every foot paflenger on Sundays, id. and on other days One halfpenny. For every drove of neat cattle, 1 a d. per (core. For every drove of calves, hogs, iheep, or lambs, 6d. per (core. If after expiration of the term granted by letters patent to James Clarke,efquire, the King shall pay the expences of building the bridge, the right of the laid Clarke and ,tae tolls are to ceafe, and the bridge is to veil in bis Majesty. A paflage of a6o feet to be left for the water. Wilful damaging the bridge, felony. When the bridge shall be dangerous, a ferry may fee provided; and to continue no longer than the bridge be repaired. Matters to make good the damage which their boatmen shall do to the bridge. Bridge not rateable, &c.

CAP.



*37

1750.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii II. c.38,39.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repairing the road from the city of York over Skipbridge to Boiroughbridge in the county of York,

Certain tolls granted for 11 years•

CAP. XXXIX.

An ail for the more effectual repairing and preferving the piers and harbour of Whitby in the county of York,

WHEREAS by an ail of parliament made and pajfed in the , Ann*, ft. i.

firjl year of the reign of her late majejly <%ueen Anne, inti- c. 19. * tukd, An act for the rebuilding and repairing the piers of the town and port of IVhitby in the county of Yorky several duties were granted and laid upon all Jhips and vejfels entering within the piers of the said port, and upon certain goods and merchandizes therein particularly mentioned\ landed within the haven or piers of the fend port of Whitby, and Jhipped off from Whitby aforesaid; and also a duty of one farthing per chalder on all coals loaded at Newcaftle upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blythe, Seaton-fluice, Cullercoates, or any other harbour, colliery, or place that was, or was reputed to bey a member of the said port of Newcaftle upon Tyne, for the term of nine years, to commence from the firjl day of May, one thou-fand Jcven hundred and two; with such proviftons for the due colieft-ingy accounting for, and applying of the said duties, and other powerSy matters ana things relating thereto, and for keeping clear the said harbour, as in the fame aft is particularly mentioned* and contained:

Private.

tdined thereiny and all the duties and fums of money thereby grantedy and made payable, were continued and made payable, and to be in full force and virtue, until the firjl day of May, which Jbould be in the year of our Lord one tboufand seven hundred and twenty three: and whereas by another aft of parliament made and pajfed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Fir/?, (inti- yGeo.i.c. 16. iuledy An act for the better preferving and keeping in repair the piers of the town and port of IVhitby in the county of York j and for explaining and making more effeftual the fcveral afts patted for lengthening and repairing the piers of Bridlington alias Burlington in the said county;) all and every the said duties and fums of money granted and impofed by the said aft of the firjl year of her said late Majesty, and continued by the said aft of the Jeventh year of her reign as aforesaidy (fave and except the said duty of one farthing per chalder) were made perpetual, and enacted to be paid to the truj-tees therein named and their fuccejfors for every to the end that the piers and harbour of Whitby aforesaid might be prefervedy kepty and continued in good repair: and whereas by another aft of parliament made and pajfed in the eighth year of bis present Majesty s reigtiy (intit uledy An act for lengthening the wen pier of the harbour of SGeo.i.c.se. Whitby in the county 0? York; and for improving the said harbour) reciting the Jaid former afts $ and also recitwgy that by and

with



*38

Anno vicefimo tertkv Georgii IJ. c. 39.	F1750.

with the said several duties and fums of money collected and received by virtue thereof the jhid piers bad been rebuilt, finijhedy and com-pletedy and had been preferved* kept, and continued in good repair; but that neverthelefiy for fame years then pafl, the entrance into the said port <7/* Whitby had been rendered very narrow and difficulty by reason of a bank of fand which was then, and forfome time pafi had been gathering about the head of the weft pier of the said harbour of . Whitby, and would in time, tf not preventedy intirely flop and choak up the fame; and inafntuch as the said fand-bedy and the further in-treafe thereof in the judgement and underftanding of experienced per-fins might and could only be remedied and prevented by lengthening and extending the said wefi pier one hundred yards further into the fea; therefore that the find piers and harbour might be improved, and made as featre for cottiers and coafting veffels as might bty and for lengthening and extending the said weft piery it was enaftedy That from and after the firfi day of ]tine,- one thousand seven hundred and thirty fivey the said duty of one farthing per chaldery granted by the said a ft of the firfi year. of the reign of her said late majefiy £%uem Anne, and continued by the said aft of the seventh year of her reign {but which had eeafii from the firfi day ofmzyy one thousand seven hundred and twenty three) Jhould be paid to the trufiees nominated and appointed tn or by virtue of the find aft of the seventh year of his late Majefiy*s reign for the term of thirty one yearSy to commence and be computedfrom the faidfirfi day of J une, one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty fivey for the purposes of ore faid; and the said aft of the firfi year of her said late Majefiy* s reign, and all and every the claufeSy provifionSy penaltieSy mattersy and things therein containedy touching the said duty of one farthing per chalder thereby granted (fave and except as to the powers and authorities thereby vefied in the trufiees therein namedy and to be named purfiuant theretOy and a claufe therein coniaintd touching the ceafing of the said duty on raising fix thousand pounds y as therein mentioned) were revived and continued for the fame term of thirty one years, with several other powers and claufes relating to the said dutyy and work propofed to be done, and the regulating the said harbour, as by the said J ever a I afts, relation thereunto respectively being had, may more at large appear: and whereas pur-fuuant to the said lafi-mentioned aft of the eighth year of the reign of bis present Majefiy, and by and with the several duties and fums of money eollefted and received by virtue thereof and of the other afts aforesaidy the said wefi pier of the said harbour ^Whitby bath been lengthened one hundred yards, and terminated with a firong circular bead, whereon is erefted a commodious battery, with a ftrovg parapet y and embrasures for five pieces of cannony which pretefts the entrance cf the said harboury as also fitch fhips as may be obliged to take fbelter in the road from an enemy; but for carrying on the said work, the trufiees nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the faidfeveral afts of the seventh year of bis late Majefiy, and eighth year of his present Majefiy, have been neceffitated to borrow at times, several fums of money on the said fund of one farthing per chaldery amounting to fix thousand two hundred pounds, which now remains charged thereon $ and the said trufiees have employed the refi of thedui'tes granted as afore-



1750.] Anno vicefimo terrio Georgii II. c. 40.

/aid) as they arofe, in rebuilding and repairing other parts of the said piers, and in getting up quarries at the mouth cf the said harbour, in order to deepen the channel j which has bad fogood an effeft, that it has encouraged the inhabitants a/'Whitby aforesaid, and others, to build in the said harbour much larger Jlips than were formerly ufed: and whereas the wejl and eaji piers have been greatly fbaken with the feas; and the marie, or foft rocky on which they were built, is worn away in several place j, by the great quantity offand fcoured out of the said harbour, which has occafionei their finking, and the walls thereof to bulge out; and the communication between the town and the wejl pier is in a great meafure interrupted; and it is abfolutely  necessary for the fecurity of the Jaid harbour, that the said parts of the Jaid eaji and weft piers Jhould be rebuilt, or repaired and raifed; and it would be a great improvement of the said harbour, and tend very much to the advantage and fafety of all colliers and coafting vejfels, if the remaining part of the jtone rock at the entrance of the said harbour was taken away, and the way repaired and made fufficient, from the said town Whitby to the said wejl pier, with proper moorings forjbips along the fame; but as the expence of the said works cannot be provided for without fome additional duty, the said perpetualfund granted by thefaid aft of the seventh year of his late Majejlfs reign, producing yearly one hundredandforty pounds,or thereabouts*, andthe said duty ofonefarthing per cbalder will raife little if any thing more than will pay the principal monies borrowed thereon, and the interejl thereof n:w due, and which may incur during the remainder of the said term of thirty one years: to the end therefore that the laid weft and eaft piers may be rebuilt or repaired and raised where needful, and the remaining part of the done rock at the entrance of the said harbour may be taken away, and the way from the weft pier to the said town of Whitby may be repaired and made fufficient, and proper moorings for (hips may be placed thereon, as shall be judged expedient, and the said harbour may be further improved •, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted,

An additional duty of one farthing a chalder laid on coals for 31 years. Powers given by the recited a&, to be exercifed by the truftees with regard to the preient duty. Truftees may borrow money on the credit of the duties; and contract for the work and materials: and for the purchafe of houfes and grounds, for making the way fr om the weft pier to the town more convenient. Owners refuting to treat, juft ices to impanel a jury, who are to afiefs the rccompence. Upon payment of the money, the lands, &c. to veil in the truftees. The weft and eaft piers, &c. yen-ed in the truftees. Perfon to be appointed, who is to direct the moorings, See. of (hips. Veflels belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted from the duties.

CAP. XL.

An a& for repairing and widening the roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Sakhoufc, in the county of Cumberland.

Certain tolls granted for tt years*

Amo



Anno vicefimo quarto Georgn II. c. i, 2.	[1751*

*

Anno Regni GEORGIIII. Magna Britannia,	Franci, vice-

Jimo quarto.

AT the •parliament begun andholden at Westminster, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, the twenty first year of the reign our fovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of	, of Great Britain, France,

and Ireland,	King, defender of the , &c.	And from

thence continued by several prorogations to the feventeentb day of January, 1750. being the fourth session of tins fent parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the  service of the year one thouland seven hundred and fifty one. EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions one hundred tboufand pounds, to be raised by annuities and a lottery, and charged on the finking fund-, redeemable by parliament.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts^ the commpns of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the  necessary fupplies which we have chear-fully granted to your Majesty in the eafieft manner we are able for the benefit of your fubjefts, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this aft do give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of two millions one hundred thousand pounds, to be raised in such manner and form as is herein after direfted; and to that end and purpose do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the annuities which by this aft shall be granted and made pay-Annuities on able in refpeft of the said principal fum of two millions one *hioo*oool to^undred thoijfand*pounds, until redemption thereof by parlia-be raifed°by fnent, in manner herein after mentioned, shall be charged and this aft, chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which shall from charged on the time to time arise and be remaining in the receipt of his Ma-fmking fund. jefty’s exchequer of or for the furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund; and the said furplufles, excefles or overplus mows are hereby appropriated for * that purpose accordingly,

6	II,	And

*75*•]	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 2l	141

II.	And for or towards raising the said fum or fums of money Natives or fo-not exceeding in the whole the said fum of two millions one rci£ncrs /°ay hundred thousand pounds for the purposes aforesaid, it is here- chief caOifer by further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and 0f the fouth-may be lawful to ana for any person or performs, natives or fo- fea company, reigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay unto the first or chief cafhier or calhiers of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the Swtb*Seas9 and other parts of Amcricay and for encouraging the filhery, commonly called the South-Sea Company, at or before the refpedfive days and times by this alimited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million four hundred 1,400,0001. thousand pounds, in part of the said whole fum of two millions fortheour-one hundred thousand pounds, for the abfolute purcbafe of any of annui certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the several and refpedlive times herein after appointed for the payment of the several and refpe&ive fums by them fubfcribed or contributed, and to be paid and payable to iuch contributor or contributors, or such as he, (he or thev shall nominate, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, (ucceflors and afiigns refpe&ively, in manner herein after mentioned, fo as such ca(hier or cafhiers do first give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the com-miflioners of the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly an-fwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the fame; which annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the rate of three pounds per an- at the rate num for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any 31. pCr cent, greater .or lefs fum fo to be advanced and paid 5 and the pur-perann. chafe-money for every such annuity at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the laid ca(hier or cafhiers as afore- Times for faid, at or before the refpedlive days and times herein after li- payment, mited; that is to fay, ten pounds per centum part thereof by way of depofit, on or before the fifteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred.and fifty, fifteen pounds per centumy other part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one then next enfuing 5 fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the feventeenth day of June then next enfuing; twenty-five pounds per centumy other part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of Auguft then next enfuing; ten pounds per centumy other part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth day of Otto-her then next enfuing; ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twentieth day of November then next enfuing; and the remaining fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following; all which annuities fo to be purchafed shall be paid and payable at two of the moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijiy and of the birth of our Lord Chrift, or within fix days after every of the

 L,oogle

14*

Ca(hiertogive receipt for each payment,

which fliall be afTignable by indorfement,

Contributors names to be entered in a book.

and a copy tranfmitted to the exchequer.

Contributors paying the confideration-money*

Anno vicelimo quarto Georgii IL c. 2.	{17512

laid feaft days; the first payment thereof to be computed and paid at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on the whole fum to be paid by such contributors for the purchafe of any part of the raid annuities, from the said several and refpec-tive times of paying and advancing the lame as aforesaid, unto the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which ihall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fcven hundred and fifty one, or within fix days after the said feaft day: neverthelefe the said annuities shall be redeemable ,according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and not otherwise; and the said calhier or cafhiers of the said governor and company for the time being is or are hereby authorized and required upon the advancing and paying to him or them any such fum or films of money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing figned by himfelf orthemfelves for each payment to the contributor or payer thereof (which receipts shall be aflignable by indorfement thereupon, made at any time before the said twentieth day of December one thousand fe%en hundred and fifty one, and no longer) and, from time to time, to pay into the receipt of his Majesty*s excheftjuer, all the monies which he or they •mall receive of or for the said fum not exceeding one million four hundred thousand pounds, as faft as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft; and to account for ail the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majesty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

III.	And it is hereby enabled. That in the office of the ac-comptant general of the said governor and company for the time being, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which there shall be fairly entered the names of all who shall be contributors for such annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum as aforesaid, and of all persons by whofe hands the said contributors shall pay in any of the said films upon this aft, and also the fum fo paid; to which book or books it shall be lawful for the said refpeftive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs and affigns, from time to time at all feafonable times to have refort, and to mfpeft the fame without any fee or charge; and the said accomptant general for the time being, shall on or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty*s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

IV.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every contributor and contributors upon this aft, duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe-money, at the rate aforesaid, at or before the refpeftive days and times in this aft before limited in that behalf, for such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, (he or they shall appoint, his, her or their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs and affigns

(hall



i 751.] Anno viccfmKxjuartoGEOJRCU IL C. 2.	143

(hall hav«, receive and enjoy, be untitled, by virtue of this to have eftate* ad, to have, receive and enjoy the refpe&ivc annuity and an-,n *“•

• • r ■	1 r i J J r ■ r . . • ' r»	lUlUlCS.

auities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this act appro-	9

priated or appointed .for payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and fare estates and inter efts therein for ever, fabjedt only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this ad herein after contained concerning the fame ; and that the several and free from refpe&ive annuities payable in purfuance of this ad, after thetaxes* rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all and every the principal fams for which tire fame are to be payable, shall be free from all taxes and impofitious whatsoever.

V.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any such contributor as afore-Contributors laid, who fhall, on or before the said fifteenth day of March not making one thousand seven hundred and fifty, have advanced to the said S°°d their cafaier or calhiers ten pounds per centum, by wav of depofit as ^th^n^he aforesaid, in part of his, her or their purchafe-money * and times, such contributor, his, her or their executors, administrators, facceflors or afligns, shall not advance and pay to the (aid cafhier

or cafliiers fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of May then next enfuing; and fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the feven-teenth day of June then next enfuing; and twenty five pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of Juguft then next enfuing; and ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the t wenty eighth day of October then next enfuing; and ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twentieth day of November then next enfuing * and the remaining fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following; then, and in forfeit all they every such cafe refpe&ively, fo much of the confideration-mo- havJf Pai<*lli ney as shall have been a&ually paid in part thereof onlv, to the par ’ said cafhier or cafhiers for such refpe&ive annuity, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this a (ft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe any contributor or con- Accomptant tributors for the purchafe of any of the said annuities (hall, after general to give payment of ten pounds per centum, in part of his, her or t^e*r^cllt ln thu purchafe-money, defire that the subsequent payments to be made (^8Sprid. by him, her or them, at the refpe&ive times limited in that be- P half, may immediately be made (lock in the book or books directed to be kept for that purpose in the office of the said accomptant general; and that the principal money, and the annuity attending the fame, be immediately transferrable (except

the ten pounds per centum, which is to remain as a depofit till payment of the whole fam by him, her or them fabferibed for, is fully complcated) it shall be lawful for the said accomptant general, and he is hereby required, upon such requeft made by any such contributor or contributors, to give credit in the said book or books for each refpeClive principal fam by him, her or them fabferibed and paid as aforesaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

VII. And

 CjOOQie

Purchafers to pay vol. per cent, by 15 March 1750.

700,0001. to be railed by a lottery,

at 31. percent.

chargeable on the linking fund.

Annuities payable half-yearly.

Any person may contribute iol. or raore;

and thereby be interefted in the annuities,

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRgHi II. C. i. [1751;

VII.	And it is hereby enacted and declared. That no person or persons whatsoever mall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purchafe or obtain, any of the annuities at the rate aforesaid upon this aft, unlefsthe whole, or ten pounds per cen-turn, part at leaft of the confideration-money for the fame, be advanced and paid to the said cafhicr or camiers, on or before the said fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

VIII.	And whereas it is intended that the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, being the refidue of the said Jum of two millions one hundred thousand pounds, already charged by this aft upon the monies to arise of or for the said furplujfes, excejfes and overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, appropriated for payment thereof in manner before direfted and appointed, /hall be raised by way of a lottery, for the purchafe of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annuities becoming due and payable to the contributors to the lottery herein after-mentioned, their executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, at the said rate of three founds per centum per annum, in refpeft of the laid principal fum of seven hundred thousand pounds, in manner hereafter in this act exprefled, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the pro-vifo herein after contained in that behalf, shall be charged upon the said Sinking fund, and shall commence and be computed from the refpeftive times of paying or advancing the fame, or aiy part thereof, as herein after mentioned, and be paid unto the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one thousand seven hundred ana fifry-one; and shall from thenceforth be paid half-yearly at the feafts of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be due and payable tor the half year ending at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift one thousand seven hundred and fifty two.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That for or towards raising the said fum of seven hundred thousand pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, by paying at or before the refpeftive times by this aft limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after-mentioned, the sum of ten pounds, or divers entire fumsof ten pounds, upon this aft; and that every such contributor or adventurer, for every such fum of ten pounds, which he, (he or they shall fo advance, shall be interefted in such lot or (hare of and in the joint (lock of annuities eftablifhed by this aft, as is herein after-mentioned and appointed in that behalf; and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver or receivers at such time or times, and in such proportions at a time as are herein after-mentioned in that behalf; that is to fay, ten pounds per centum, part thereof, by way of depofit, on or

before

175*'l Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. a.	145

before the fifteenth day of March in the year of our Lord one Times of ad* thousand seven hundred and fifty; fifteen pounds ter centumt	thi

other part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of May then m next entiling; twenty five pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of July then next enfuing; twenty five pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the seventh day of September then next enfuing $ and the remaining twenty five pounds per centum, on or before the seventh day of October then next following.

Commiffioners of the treafury to appoint managers of the lottery, and receivers t and to take fccurity. Receivers shall deliver tickets to the con* tributors. There shall be printed 70,000 tickets; and 10,000 tickets shall be the fortunate tickets, and shall be written upon in manner following, viz. upon two feverally, # 10,0001. principal money } upon four 50001. upon five 30001. upon eight *0001. upon twenty tooo 1. upon forty one $001. upon two hundred tool, upon four hundred and twenty 501. upon nine thousand three hundred sol. Which fums, with 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and 10001. to the laft drawn, will amount to 340,0001. which beipg added to 360,000]. payable op the remaining 60,000 blank tickets, at 6 C each blank, do amount to 700,0001, being the total principal in re-fpe& of the lottery. Manner of drawing the lottery. Prizes to be entered in a book. When the lottery is drawn, a lift of the prizes to be printed. Difputes to be determined by tbe managers. Counterfeiting of tickets or certificates, shall be adjudged felony. Tickets to be difpofed of shall be delivered into the exchequer. Guardians may adventure infants money, fo as such infants names be in the receipts and tickets. Limitation or fale of chances, See. Perfons felling (hares in tickets of which they are not poflefled, Sec. to forfeit 5001. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. EXP.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accomptant That the said accomptant general of the South Sea company for general to the time being, to whom the said certificates are to be diredted Sive as aforesaid, mall, upon receiving and taking in the said certi- ^mw? in the ficates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named there- certificates * in, in the fame book or books with the contributors for the pur-chafe of the annuities not exceeding one million four hundred thousand pounds, herein before directed to be inserted in a book or books, or in any other book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every such certificate; and the persons to whofe credit such prin- whjch may cipal fums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her transferred, or their executors and adminiftrators, shall and may have power toaffign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or pcrfon9, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books, to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant general for that purpofe; and the principal fums fo afBgned or transferred, shall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deem- and carry 3 ed to be ftock transferrable by this adt, according to the powers £^ent* and authority herein after mentioned, until the redemption1 thereof as atorefaid 5 and the said accomptant general of the South Sea company for the time being, is hereby authorized and Certificates to-directed to cancel and file the certificates as they shall from time be cancelled,

Vot. XX.	L



14-6

given in lieu thereof.

Chief cafhier and acoompt-ant general to be appointed.

Monies for payment of the annuities to beiflued from the excheguerby way of im-preil, See.

Anno vicefimo quartoGEORGii EL c. 21	[ 1751«

to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the per* foils bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they have credit in the laid book or books, by reason or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as afordaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

XX VIIL And for the more eafy and fore payment of the fe~ vend and refpedive annuities, amounting in the whole to two millions one hundred thousand pounds, by this ad authorised to be purchafed as aforesaid; it is hereby further eoaded by the authority afortiaid, That the laid governor and company^ and their fucceflors, (hall, from time to time, until the flud fc-veral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum shall be redeemed according to this ad, appoint and employ one fufficient perfon, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief caftiier or cafliiers, and one other fufficient person within the fame office, to be their accomptant general; and that fo much of the monies arifing from time to time into the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the said Sinking fund^ by this ad appropriated for this purpose as aforesaid, as shall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the said several and refpedive annuities, and other payments direded to bepaid or discharged out of the feme, (hall, by order of the commiflion-eri of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive half-yearly feaft days or days of payment, in this ad before appointed for payment thereof, be ifliied and paid at the (aid receipt of exchequer, to the said chief calhier or cafliiers of the said governor and company, and their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the laid (eve* rtd and refpedive annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, at fuck times, and in foch manner and form, as are by this ad pre-feribed in that behalf; and that all and every foch cafhier or cafliiers, to whom the (aid monies shall from time to time be

Accomptant general to in-Iped the caftiien receipts.

Annuities to be a perfonal cfeue, Sec. .

ifliied, shall from time to time without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequerj any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiog.

XXIX. And it is hereby also enaded. That the said ao comptant general for the time being, shall from time to rime infped and examine all receipts and payments of the Cud cafhier or cafliiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, who (nail be entitled to any of the said several and refpedive annuities, after the rate of throe pounds per centum per annum ^ and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate* and the fame shall not be descendible to the heir, and shall not 6	be

ijft'J Anoo vicdano qwarto GgOR<5U II. e. a.

147- '

he liable tt> any foreign sttsfifoocwt by ^ cuftom of	or

othcrwife.j any law, natuteor codom to t&e .contrary .notwj^h-dandieg.

XXX.	And be k further esafted hy *he authority afprpfeid, xb« nanies That ail the memos to beadvanced or contributed, or to which contributed .to any perfbo or persons ihall become wetted upon tins aft, for !* deemed a or towards the ftid fxm not exceeding itwo millions one h.uo-Joint,tocJ‘*4jc* dredthoufsnd pounds, foall be deemed* reputed end taken to bejMeeaptrid or joint flock, onwhiqh dte (aid fevers! opdre-

fpeftive moo hies, after the rate of .there pounds ttntw

ommm, shall be attending; and that all and every person and

peribns, and corporation* whatfeev/cr, in proportion to the

money .by him, her or them advanced, or to which they (hall

beware entitled as aforefeid upon :th«s aft, shall have and be

deemed to have a proportional intereftpndihaee in the bid (took*

and an the annuity .attending the fame, at rthe rote aforefeid

and that the bid whole capital or joint (lock, or any (hare or in- tn(j transfer.

teach therein, and the . proportional annuity attending the feme, ruble.

Stall be affignable .and transferable « this aft dire&s, and not otherwise ; and that there shall oonflaody be kept at ah feafoiv- Book* to be able times, in the office qf the laid aocomptant general for the kept for tnmf-time being, within the city , of Zafdm, a book or books, where- fcr** in all alignments or transfers cf the said whole capital or joint Sock, or .any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefeid, fhaU he entered and regifter-od; which entrfes .(hall be conceived in proper words for that Entries to be purpofe, and shall be %nod by tbe parties making such affign- figned by the ments or transfers, or if such panties be abfeut, by his, her or parties tranf-theif attorney orattornies thereunto lawfully authorised, by writing under his, her or their hands and feus, to be atteiled by *w***<pi»‘ two or more credible wknefles; and that the person or perfoos to whom such transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affign-ing or transferring the laid dock, and the annuities attending the feme, or any pan thereof, or any iotereft therein, (hali te good or available in law ; and that no damp duties whadbever (hallibe charged on the said transfers or any of them; any other law or datute to the contrary notwithdandang.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby crafted by the Tbe company authority aforefeid, That the bid governor and company and to continue a their fuccelfors, (notwithdandiog thered eruption of all or any C07'Pan>;,l!l their own funds, in purfuance cf the aftsfor eftablilbiog the [he annufries0, feme, or any of them,) dull continue a corporation, with all

the.powers, privileges and advantages thereunto, belonging, for the purposes in this aft expretied, till all the annuities to he pncchafedon this aft Hull be.redeemed by parliament, according to. thepmdbhcrein after contained in that behalf; and that the (aid governor and company, or any members thereof, fhajl not iireur any debility for or by radon ;af their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this .aft.

XXXU. Provided aiwpys, and.bt it enafted.by the author

L 2	rity

i48

Commiftion-crs of the treafury to pay the charges of executing this . aft, out of the duties.

and appoint falaries fpr the catfhiers, Sec.

So fee for pay-ment of contribution-money.

Transfers to be made gratis.

Penalty.

Claufe of redemption.

Anno vicelimo quarto Gborgu II. c.a. [1/51.

rity aforesaid, That the commtffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the laid furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, by this granted alt and appropriated as a-forefaid, to difeharge all such incident charges as shall neceifarily attend the execution of this alt, in such manner as to them (haft feem juft and reafonable; and also to fettle and appoint fach allowances (out of the contributions to the lottery aforesaid) as they shall think juft and reafonable, for the service, pains and labour of the receiver or receivers of the contributions to the said lottery, for receiving and accounting for the fame; as also for the service, pains and labour of the caftiier or caftiiers of the the (aid governor and company, for receiving and accounting for the contributions to the annuities granted by this alt; and also such further allowances (out of the said Sinking fund\ by this alt appropriated as aforesaid) as they shall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and refpeltive annuities payable in refpelt thereof; and also for the service, pains and trouble of the accomptant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this alt; all which allowances hereby im-powered to be made as aforesaid, in refpelt to the service, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the ufe and benefit of the (aid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority afore-' faid, That no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken of any

of his Majesty’s fubjelts, for receiving or paying the said contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concerning the fame, or for ifluing the monies for paying the said several annuities, or any of them, or for paying the said annuities or any of them ; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer, great or fmaJI, to be made in purfuance of this ad ; upon pain that the officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee or gratuity contrary to this ad, shall forfeit the futn of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cods of fuit, in any of his Majeftv’s courts of record at Westminster.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any time upon one year’s notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Ex-change in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half-yearly feaft days for payment of the said refpedive annuities, or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament' of the refpedive principal fums for which the said refpedive annuities or either of them shall be payable to such refpedive persons or corporations as shall be entitled to the fame annuities, by payments aot Ids than five hundred, thoufend pounds at a tune; then.



175*'] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 3,4.	149

and not dll then, the said refpefHye annuities shall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and from and after such redemption, the monies arifing from the said Sinkiftg fund, shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as shall be dire&ed by future ad or ads of parliament; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that any vote or refolution of the t , houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, lhall Ije deemed and adjudged to be fuf-fieient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

’ XXXV. And it is hereby enaded. by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the ge- General iflue. neral iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a vefrdid shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cods to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or Treble cofts. plaintiffs.

CAP. III.

for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a# pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham in the county of Lincoln; and for making the fame more effe&uaL The oQu Goo. ». c. 8. omtixued foe a i years.

CAP. IV.

An	aR for enabling bis Majesty to raife the	funs	of

money therein mentioned, by exchequer , to be charged on the Sinking fund j and for impo the ' ers of the treafury to pay off the old and new unsubscribed South Sea annuities out of the supply granted to his jefty for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one and for enabling the bank of England to ' bold general courts, and courts of directors, in the manner therein directed and for giving certain perfqns liberty to fubferibe bank and South Sea annuities omitted to be Jubfcribed purfuant to two atts of the laft fejfion of parliament,

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajftd tn s,Geo.«x.t«.

the twenty third year of his Majesty s ,	,	An

aft for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to fubferibe the fame in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned ; and for redeeming such of the said annuities as shall not be fo fub-

L 3	feribed	j

Anno vfcefimo cjtwrtyGeorgii H. C. 4.	[175?.•

fcribed; and for empowering the Eft India company to ratto certain fums by tramferraM^ annuities, k h amongfi other things enacted, That any perfim or persons, Mies politick or corporate, mo are in: crofted in, or intuitd untoy any part of the national debt inner* rod before Michaelmas, one thousand [even hundred and forty nhter rcMemable by parliament, which carried an interest after the rate of* four pounds per Centura per annum; and which was not fithfcribed in purfuonce of a former a& of the fame session ef portbomcns, and who Jhould}, on or before the thirtieth day of May one thousand fevem hundred and fifty jubf&ibt their names, andfigmfy their conftnt, to accept of an interest of three pounds per centum per annum, to cam* menu from the twenty fifth day of December, one theufand finest hundred and fifty five,fubjft to the fame provides, notices and c lofts of redemption, which their refpeftwefour per cents were liable to9 Jhouldy in Ueu of their prtftnt intereft, be milled unto, and roeetve an inter eft of four pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, one theufand finen hundred and fifty 5 amt from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand /even hundred and fifty, an interest ef three pounds ten /hillings per centum per annum, until the twenty fifth day of December, mo thoufmd feVen hundred and fifty five \ and that ne part of the fame JhoulA be liable to be redeemed until the said twenty fifth day of Du* cember, one theufand seven hundred and fifty five; and that fiuh part ef the national debt incurred before Michaelmas one theufand seven hundred and forty nine, redeemable by law, which carried an inietft of four pounds put centum per annum, and which Jhotdd not be Jvbjcribed before the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, Jhould be redeemed and paid off; and tffat it Jhculd be lawful for the Kings most excellent majefiy, by warrant under his royal pan manualj to aathonte and impiuttr the cetmnff-farters of the treasury, or the high treafurer for the time Being, to raifi by loans or exchequer bills, or by way of fubfeription, or in fucb ower manner as his Majefiy in his great wijaom Jhould think moft for the advantage of the pablicl, from any person or persons, bodies ptdhfrk or corporate, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fitch fieri ef ike national debt, carrying an inter ft of four pounds per centum per annum, redtemabie by law, as Jhould not be fabfiribed in.purfuance of the said recited all, or the said former all, to he charged ortthe Sinking fund, and to be applied to payoff and redeem such part of the national debt fa unfubfermd as aforejaid, upon any terms not exceeding the rate of interest in the said recited ah mentioned: and whereas, finer the paffing of the said all, a great part of the annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, which remained unfubferibedupon the former a&, have been Jme fub-fcribed, fo that the principal fums remaining urfubferibed on the said thirtieth day of May one theufand seven hundred end fifty, upon the annuities payable at the exchequer and bank of England, do amount in the whole to the sum of one million twenty fix thousand four hundredfeventy fix pounds four Jbillings and fix pence; which find fum of One million twenty fix thousand four hundred feventy fix pounds four fiddlings and fix pence, is SifeSted by the fata recited afi to be pend

off



<75*»] Anoo viccfimo quarto Georgii II. c.4#

aid redeemed, at the ftated times, and in the proportions herein after-mentioned, according to the several notices given by the fpeaker of the boufe of commons the laji jeJTton of parliament in that behalf; that is to Jay, the principal Jum of one hundred eighty two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, the amount of tbeunjubfcribed exchequer order payable thereout of the duties upon wrought plate, on the twenty fifth day of March one tbeufand seven hundred and fifty one; and the principal fum of one hundred feventy five tbeufand five hundred feventy one pounds fix Jhillings and one penny, the amount of the unfub-fcribed annuities of the year one tbeufand seven hundred and forty fix% and also the principal fum of feventy one tbeufand seven hundred twenty three pounds nine Jhillings and fix pence, the amount of the ttn-fubfcribed lottery annuities one tbeufand seven hundred and forty feven, both transferable at the bank of England, on the twenty fourth day of June one tbeufand seven hundred and fifty one5 and the principal fum of two hundred and eleven tbeufand fix hundred thirty four pounds fifteen Jhillings, the amount of the unfubftribed annuities of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, transferable as aferefaid, on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and the principal fum of two hundred eighty one tbeufand three hundred twenty one pounds one Jhilling and nine pence, the amount of the unjubftribed annuities of the year one thou-fond seven hundred and forty eight, transfcrrable as aferefaid, on the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty one ; and also the principal fun of one hundred and three thousand nine hundred feventy five pounds twelve Jhillings and two pence, the amount of the unfubjcrtbed annuities of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty mne, transferable as aferefaid, on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one: and whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have propofed to advance and pay into the receipt of bis Majefiy's exchequer the sum of one million twenty fix thousand four hundred Jeventy fix pounds four JbiUisegs and fix pence, at the Jiated times and in the proportions bo-fore mentioned, upon condition that exchequer bills be iffued to them on or before the times the find several fums are propofed to be advanced; which bills are to be made forth at the /aid receipt, and charged on the furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies. Commonly called the Sinking Fund, at an interest not exceeding the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to be paid out of the said Sinking fund, and to commence from the fated times on which the several fums are protefed to be advanced5 and that the principal fums contained in fiuo exchequer bills Jhall be repaid to them out of the first exceffes or farpluf-Jes of the said Sinking fund that Jhall be applied to the payment of the principal of the national debt: and whereas, Jince the making of the said propofol, the sum of thirteen thousand three hundred twenty eight pounds, in bank annuities, is by this aQ directed and allowed to be fubfcribed by the proprietors thereof \ fo that the principal fum to be advanced by the said governor and company, to pay off the remaining unfubftribed annuities before mentioned, will amount to the sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty eight pounds four Jhillings and fix pence tmh: now we, your Majefiy’s mod

L 4	dutiful

 ^.ooQle

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4.	[	175 u

dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in par* liament aflembled, being of opinion that it will be of advantage to the publick to accept of the said propofal, and being also de-firous to leflen the interest of the national debt, as far as mtfy be confident with juftice and publick faith, do moft humbly be-feech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfembled, aud by the authority of the Treafury im- fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commif-rr^0the fi°n^8 bis Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them bank,	now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the

commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, on his Maje-fty’s behalf, to contradt and agree with the said governor and company of the bank England to advance and pay into the said for raifing	receipt of exchequer, any fum or Turns of money not exceeding

1,01	*n t^lc wbole the said reduced fum of one million thirteen thou-

cxchcquer* ^an<* onc hundred forty eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence; failli, 4 for exchequer bills to be made forth at the (aid receipt, in manner hereafter mentioned, in such proportions and at such dated times as are herein before diredted, towards paying off and redeeming the said several unsubscribed annuities, amounting to the (aid fum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence, according to the several notices given by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons in that behalf as aforesaid. it jJ. per cent. H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflbrs, shall have, receive and enjoy, and shall be in-titled by virtue of this adi, to have, receive and enjoy an inte-red or premium, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the said principal fum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence, to be advanced by them into the said receipt of exchequer, in the manner following; that is (ay, on the sum of four hundred fifty two thousand two hundred forty three pounds one (hilling ana nine pence, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty one5 on the sum of two hundred forty fix thousand two hundred ninety four pounds fifteen (hillings and seven pence, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and on the sum of three chundred fourteen thpufand fix hundred ten pounds seven (hillings and two pence, from the twenty ninth day of September payable quar- one thousand (even hundred and fifty one 5 which said interest terly out of or premium shall from time to time be paid to the said governor Sd”B an<* comPany» and their fucceflbrs, by quarterly payments out * * *	of the monies arifing at the said receipt of exchequer, of or for

the said furplufies, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called . the Sinking fundy until such times as the said exchequer bills fo to be ifliied, or any part thereof shall be discharged and cancelled, in the manner and form by this adt hereafter provided.

1751*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4.	155

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, and to prepar® That the said commiffioners of the treafury, or any three

more of them now being, or the high trealurer, or any three *	^

or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer at once, or at the dated times, and in*the proportions herein before direded, in such method and form as they or he shall think mod fafe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills,' containing one common fum or different Turns in the principal monies. To as such bills do not exceed in the whole, the said principal fum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, to bear inte-That the said bills to be made and prepared in purfuance of reft at 31. per this ad, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the said ctnU

rate or premium of three pounds per.centum per amuntj and pro* portionably for any greater or lefs fum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedi Vely; neverthe-lefs the said interest shall be abated and faved upon such of the (aid bills to be made forth by this ad, as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the Hands or power of any receivers or colledors of any taxes, aids or revenues whatloever, payable to hisMajesty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, during such time and times refpedively as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such hands or power as aforesaid.

V.	And it is hereby enaded. That all the said bills shall beand.tobe numbered arithmetically, beginning with N° I. and fo proceed- numbered, mg in an arithmetical progreffion afeending, wherein the common excefs or difference shall always be one, and shall be regi-

ftered accordingly, fo that the principal fum to be contained in every such bill, may regularly be paid off and dilcharged in courfe, according to the number of every such bill, as it (hali ftand in the said regifter, and that the interest upon all and every the fame bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport arid true meaning of this ad; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorfed, printed or written in words at length, or in figures, the fum, after which the principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such courfe as aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this ad.

VI.	And it is hereby further enaded. That all the said bills and made with shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents orcoun-ch«<lue8> terfoils as shall be dirededby the commiffioners of the treafury,

-or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of tne treafury for the time being; and that the person or persons who shall be appointed to pay off the said bills in courfe, shall from time to time have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all the cheques, indents or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, to pc prepared and made by virtue of this ad, from which the fame

and to be placed as cafh in rim excite-

to be current, and fubjeft to such rules, &c. as in the malt aft.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IL C4.	[1751#

feme shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being impofed upon by counterfeit or forged bills$ and that the undertakers or contraftors (or exchanging and circulating the laid bills or such of them as shall be current, shall from time to time have the ufe and cuftody of one other part of all the (aid cheques, indents or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, from which the fame shall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to pre<-vent their being impofed upon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that all the said parts of the said cheques, indents or counterfoils (ha& be delivered back into the exchequer, when the (aid bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, shall be paid off, cancelled and difebarged.

VTI. And it is hereby enafted, That the said commiffioners of the treahery, or any three or more of them now being, or the (aid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, (ball, and they are hereby respectively authorized and impowtred, to caufe such bills, as shall be prepared by virtue of this aft, to be placed as (b much ca(h in the refpeftive offices of the tellers of the laid receipt of the exchequer, each and every of which tellers (hail be (everally charged with the proportion of the said bills, which shall be tfo placed in his office rc^eftively ; any law or uiage to the contrary notwithstanding*

VIII,	And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all the (aid bills to be iffued as aforesaid, (haU be current in Eke manner, and with such privileges and advantages, and fubjeft to such rules and directions as are prescribed and enacted by an aft of this present fclfion of parliament, (intituled. An ail for (Miming aid granting to bis Mcftfty, certain duties upon maltr mum* cyder, and perry, for the fervue of the year one thoufimd seven hundred and fifty one,) for or concerning the ex»-chequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth; and that all and every the claufes and proviibes in the said laft mentioned aft, relating; to the currency, exchanging or receiving the fame lad-mentioned exchequer bills, by any pubEck receivers of aids, taxes or fuppUes, or in hie Majesty's receipt of the exchequer, or for forging, counterfeiting or altering the fame bills, or making out new bills in the room of fiich as shall be filled up with indorfements, loft, burnt, defaced or otherwise de-ftroyed, or for making out exchequer bills of five thousand pounds each, or for making out exchequer bills, without bearing intereft, or for making them afterwards to bear an intereft, or a higher or lower rate of intereft, from time to time, as the contraftors shall agree to, or for preventing any mifapplicatkm of the fund on which the lame are charged, or any other misbehaviour of any officers concerned in the receiving, iffiiing, exchanging, paying off or cancelling the fame left mentioned exchequer bills, or for obliging the contraftors to pay the interest of, or exchange for ready money on demand, the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be iffued, at a rate or premium not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, or for preventing

any

1751.] Anno vicefimo quarto Gxorgii II. c.4.	jig

m (ttririlhiei in a ny(uch contnAon, or for making them not . bottle to be bankrupts on account of (uch contrads, or for ap-poiatinga paymafter er pay mailers, for paying off and cancelling the feme exchequer bilk in due ccwfe and order, (not other-wife altered by this ad) ihall extend, and be conftrued to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this ad authorised to be made forth, as to die exchequer bilk to be made forth in pursuance of the find ad, for continuing and gramme the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry (except such claufes as do charge the feme on the rates or duties continued and granted by the feme ad) as amply, fully and effedually, to aU intents and purposes, as if the fame claufes or proyifocs had been particularly repeated and re-enaded verbatim in this ad.

IX.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefiud, Treafuiytoif-Thot the find commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more fee the monies of them now being, or the fiud high treafurar, or any three or *°vr raore of the commiffioners of the treafiiry for the time being, jnJpVeftTo the fliab or may iffise, or caufe to be iflued, to such paymafter or paymafter. paymafters to be confHtuted as aforefeid, fay way of impreftand

upon acconnt, fo much monies out of the growing produce of the find forpluffes, excefles or overplus monies, called the Sinking Fuad, as ihall from time to time incur and grow due to the fiud contradors, for the interest or premium upon the feid exchequer bills to be made forth by this ad, during the continuance thereof, and inch other payments as are by this a&dired-cd or allowed to be paid or di (charged out of the feme; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwit branding.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autbo- Charges of rity aforefeid, That the fiud commiffioners of the treafury, or making forth any three or more of them now being, or the fiud high treafu- thebills, &c. rer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury JJfthetakfee for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby en- fun<]a * abled, to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed, out

of the growingjproduce of the said Sinking Fund, from time to time, the necefiary charges of making forth the new exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other charges as shall be neceflarily incident in or for the execution of this ad, in relation to the feid bills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	Provided alfij, and it is hereby further enaded by the an- TbebiUtcbar-thority aforefeid. That it is the true intent and meaning of this ged upon the ad, that the exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth, unking fund, not exceeding the sum of one million thirteen thousand one

hundred forty-eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence, as 2-forefaidj shall be, and they are hereby charged upon the find fiirplufies, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund; and that the fame exchequer bills shall from time to time be paid off to the said governor and company out of the first monies that shall from time to time arise into the said receipt of the exchequer, of or for the said Sinking Fund, and ■which shall be applied to the payment of the principal of the

national





156	Anno	vicefitno	quarto	GeorgIi II. C.4.	[*75**

national debt, and not otherwise: and the said commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or. the laid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifli^ oners of thetreafury for the time being, shall and may,, and they are hereby authorized and enabled, to caufe such monies which shall from time to time arise at the said receipt of the exchequer, of or for the said Sinking Fund (except such monies of the said Sinking Fund as are or shall be appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or aftsof parliament in that behalf) to be iffued from time to time to such paymafter to be confti-* tuted as aforeiaid, by way of impreft and upon account, to be by him applied towards the paying off and difcharging the exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth as aforesaid, or any part thereof, in such courfe as aforesaid, at such times, and in such proportions, as the said commiflioners of the trea-fury, or any three or more of them, or the (hid high treafurer for the time being, shall judge to be mod for the advantage of the publick; from which refpeftive time or times of paying off and difcharging the said exchequer bids, or any part thereof, bv such paymafter as aforesaid, a proportional part of the interest or premium payable for such exchequer bills fo paid off or discharged, at the rate aforesaid, shall ceafe and determine; any thing in this or any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

* XII. And whereas your Majestys said dutiful commons did refotve, towards railing the supply granted fo your Majesty, to enable your Majesty to borrow a further fum not exceeding two hundred twenty* five thousand twenty-three pounds seven Jhillings and eleven pence, at an interejl of three pounds per centum per annum, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund: and whereas, fence the making of the said refolution, the sum of forty-eight thousand one hundred twenty-nine founds fexteen/hillings and four pence, in old and new South-Sea annuities, is by this ad? directed and allowed to be fuhfcribed by the proprietors thereof fo that the principal fum now necejjary to be advanced by the said governor and company of the bank of England, will be reduced to the sum of one hundred feventy-ftx thousand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven /hillings and seven pence only 5 be Treafury to it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it contra# for a shall and may also be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his further fum of Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or 7^. by3exchc- t*lc high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners qtier bills,	of the treafury for the time being, on his Majcfty’s behalf, to

contraft and agree with any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, to advance and pay into five said receipt of exchequer, any further fum or fum$ pf money, not exceeding in the wholft tl>c said fum of one hundred fevpnty-fix thousand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and seven pence, for exchequer bills to be made forth at the said receipt, and if-fued to them at such time or times as the (aid cotpmiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the (ay high treafurer, q\ any three or pore of the commiflioners

ij51.]	Anno viccfimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4.	157

of the treafury for the time being, shall think mod convenient

for the advantage of the publick5 which said exchequer bills shall be and are hereby also charged on the said iurplufles, ex- chargeable om

ccfles, or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund,

at an interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, 9

to be paid out of the laid Sinking Fund, and commence from the

time or refpe&ive times on which the said fum not exceeding

one hundred feventy-fix thousand eight hundred ninety-three

pounds eleven (hillings and seven pence, is or shall be advanced

into the said receipt; and that the principal fum contained in

fiich exchequer bills shall be repaid out of the said excefles or

farplufles of the said Sinking Fund that shall be applied to the

payment of the principal of the national debt, in manner herein

after-mentioned and dirc&ed.

XIII.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid, to carry late-That all and every fiich person or persons, bodies politick orreftattherate corporate, (haH have and receive, and shall be intitled, by vir- of P«rcc»-tue of this ad, to have and receive, an interest or premium, af-tum*

ter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the (aid principal fum not exceeding one hundred feventy-fix thousand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and seven pence, fo to be advanced by them into the said receipt of exchequer, to commence from the refpc&ive time or times of advancing the fame as aforesaid $ which said interest or premium shall payable quar-from time to time be paid to them by quarterly payments, out ccri?» of the monies arifing at the said receipt, of or far the said fur-plufles, excefles or overplus monies of the said Sinking Fund as aforesaid, until such times as the said exchequer bills fo 4o be iflfued, or any part thereof, shall *be discharged and cancelled in the manner and form by this a<5t hereafter provided.

XIV.	And be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid. Bill* to be That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflSon* made for tbs «rs of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, fum»

or the said high treafurer, or any three or more of the cotnmif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe exchequer bills to be made forth at the said receipt, for any fum or fum$ money, not exceeding the (aid fum of one hundred feventy-fix thousand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and seven pence, in the fame or like manner, form and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as are herein before ena&ed and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills herein before directed to be made forth; and that all andL every the claufes, provtioes, powers, privileges, ad vantages, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities herein before contained or referred unto, relating to the said exchequer bills (except as before excepted) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth for the said fum, not exceeding one hundred feventy-fix thousand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and feyenpence, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said several claufes or provifoes had been herein again,	.repeated. and re-tn*3cd.

XV.	And





15*	Anno vkefimo quartoGeorgii II. C. 4;

and to be XV. And be it further enaAed by the authority afbre&id, numbered. That all and every the (aid exchequer bills laft-raentaoned, ihaH be numbered arithmetically, beginning from the number which ihall be exprdTed upon the laft of the bills herein before dire&ed to be made forth, and shall be regiftered accordingly, and paid in courfe, according to the dieeftions heron coo tamed in that behalf.

*®	XVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That it is the

tST"** true *ntent an^ meaning of this aft, that the laid exchequer bills hereby directed to be made forth for the laid fum, notek-ceeding one hundred feventy-fix foodand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and (even pence, ihall (from and after the paying off and diichargiog all and every the exchequer bills by this aft before di reded to be made forth for the principal fum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred forty-eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence, and aUtbe intereftand premium due thereupon) be repaid out of the ftrft monies that Ihall from time to time arise intotbe laid receipt, of orfor the said Sinking	FUndt that ihall be applied to the payment of the prin-

cipal of the national debt, and not otherwise $ and the faidcom-miffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or tbe said high treafiirer, or any three or more of the commiilioners of the treafury for the time being, ihall and mar, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to caufo fuck monies of the said Sinking Fund (except such monies of tbe (aid Sinking Fund as are or shall be appropriated to any particular ufc or ufes by any ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) to be iffued from time to time, to such paymafter as shall be appointed in purfu-ance of this ad, by way of impreft and upon account, to beby him applied towards the paying off and difcharging the (aid exchequer bills to be made forth for foe (aid principal fum, not exceeding one hundred feventy-fix thousand eight hunched ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and seven pence, or any part thereof, in such courfe and order, as aforesaid, and at fuoh times, and in such proportions, as the (aid commiffioners of the trea-, iury, or any three or more of them, or foe high tresfumr for the time being, shall think (it; from which tefpedive time or times of paying off the (aid exchequer lulls, or any part thereof, by such paymafter as aforefeid, a proportional pact of the inte-reft or premium payable thereupon, at the time of paying off the fame shall ceafe and determine; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And for obviating all doubts and difficulties wfoiob shall or may arise in relation to the paying off and difeharging the refpedive (locks of old and new South-Sea annuities, as have not been fubfcribed in purfuance of two ad* paffcd in foe laft feflion of parliament, for redeeming the several annuities, carrying an inter eft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, dire&ed to be redeemed and paid off 5 be it further enad-Treafury to by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful pay oft tbe to and for the (aid commiffioners of the treafary, or any three

or



I75i>] Anno vicefimo quarto Qboroii II. c 4.	159

or more of them now being, or the said high treafurer, or any old and new three or more of the oommtffioners of the treasury for the time unfobfcribed being, to iflue and pay, or caufe to be ifliied and paid, out of jjffi-"** any monies arifen or to arise into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for all or any the aids or fupplies granted to hie Majesty for the fcrvioe of the year one thouiand seven hundred and fifty-one, unto the governor and company of merchants of Grtat Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of Amt-rita, and for encouraging the fishery, commonly called the Soa Company, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the torn of two millions two hundred feventy-fix thouiand eight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven fhillitgs and seven pence, beipg she total principal fum remaining due and payable upon die laid unfit bicri bed old and new Sooth-Sea annuities (after dodo&iog the sum of forty-eight thousand one hundred twenty-nine pounds fix teen (hillings and four pence, by this sutt authorized and directed to be fubferibed into the said annuities) at Inch xwfpedive time or times, and in such proportions, by paymems not left by payments than five hundred thouiand pounds at a time, as they shall think not left than moft proper and convenient, towards redeeming and paying off ffy00** ** * the laid annuities; and as the Cud payments of principal money shall from time to time be made, a proportional part of the (aid annuities, and also of the annuities attending thereon, and of the allowances for charges of management, mail cesfe and determine.

XVIU. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, South-fin That die said Awth-Sea company shall forthwith upon the receipt	*»

ef the (aid fum of taro millions two hundred feventy-fix thou-fendeight hundred ninety-three pounds eleven (hillings and fe- theproprw* von pence, or any part thereof, by such payments as aforelaid, tors, or as loon after as cenvesuently may be, divide out and diftri-bute the fame as near as may be anaongft all the fever al proprietors of the laid old and new aamuities refpeCtively, towards finking and difeharging fo much of their (hares or interefts in the laid refpedive annuities, by even and equal dividends amongft them all, in proportion to their refpe&ive (hares or interms therein.

XIX. And to the end, intent and pasrpofe, That all trull edates and interefts in the said capital ftodts of old and new South-Sea annuities, may be preferred and improved for the benefit of the persons concerned therein, with the kaft expence and inconvenience to them; be it ena&ed by the authority a-ferefaid, That in all and every cafes where, in purfuaoce of this Truftees may a<3, any payments or dividends shall be made of the capital of *»y out the any such annuity ftock, as shall be vetted in any person or per- "J^hafeVf fbns in truft fat other persons who have or claim diftin& or dif- j^er (took ferent interefts therein, or for any other ends or purposes, for which the capital ium or annuity ought to be preferred intire, fitch payments or dividends of the capital ftock of annuities, shall siot be paid or applied as dividends of profit, annuity, or inte-reft, but shall remain in the hands of such truftees refoe^lively,

till

 30Qle

i6o	Anno	viccfimoquarto Georgii 11. C.4.	[1751.

till otherwise difpofed of at intered; and for that purpofe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the trudee or trudees who shall receive the fame, at his or their difcretion to lay out or difpofe of the feme, or any part thereof, in the purchafe of fo much other capital dock of annuities of the fame kind, as hath been iubfcribed in purfuance of the said two ads of the lad session of parliament, or either of them, as at the current market price of such annuity dock, the monies received for such dividends, (hall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchafe; which new purchafed dock of annuities shall be transferred to such trudee or trudees, and a receipt or receipts shall be given and figned by the person or persons transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame; and in cafe such trudees respectively, by writing indorfed on or annexed to such receipts, and figned or acknowledged before one of the maders of the high court of chancery, shall declare that the money in the said receipts were the produce of the said dividends of the said capital dock of annuities (which figning or acknowledgement such maders in chancery are hereby required to accept or take, and each and every such mader, before whom the fame shall be done, shall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubferibing his name thereto, for doing whereof such mader shall be paid for each certificate one (hilling and no more) then and in every such cafe, the annuity dock mentioned in such receipts to be transferred, shall refpedively go and be deemed fubjed and liable to the fame truds, for the benefit of the fame persons, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the red of the trud annuity dock remaining in such trudees refpedively will or ought ta be fubjed and liable to, and such trudees refpedively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any lo(s, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the expences of the said trud edates. or in any other	XX. Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained

purchafe. shall extend or be condnied to extend to redrain or prohibit any such trudees from laying out or difpofing of any of the said trud monies in any other purchafes or any other fecurities, whether publick or private, if they shall fo think fit, in the fame manner and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves, as they might have done if this ad had not been made.

XaI. And whereas doubts have arifen with regard to the taking the oaths and affirmation, and fubferibing the declaration appointed by the charter of the governor and company of the bank ^England, to be taken and fuhfcribed by all and every the members of every gene* ral court: and whereas the adminijlering the said oaths and affirmd-tion^ and fubferibing the declaration at every general court, will be a The bank may great delay to the proceedings of the said general court \ be it there-proceed in any fore enaded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may general court lawful for the (aid governor and company in any general niftering the1 court» to proceed to tranfad any bufmefs, without adminider-oaths, &c, ap- ing the said oaths and .affirmation to, or fubferibing the said de-pointed by claration by, *11 or any of the members of the said court, unless their charter, required thereto, by any nine or more of the proprietors preTenr,

qualified

1751.I Aflno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 4."	161

qualified to vote at the said general court according to the charter j any thing in their said charter, or any adt or adts of parliament contained in any wife to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, Court of di. That when any court of directors of the said governor and com- reftori may pany shall be met according to any fummons or appointment, Tallin the*ab and shall have notice or be otherwise fatisfied, that the governor fcncc of the * and deputy governor of the said corporation, will not be present governor or fo as to hold the said court of directors, or in cafe the said go- deputy gover* vemor and deputy governor shall be abfent after the ufual time nor*

of proceeding to bufinefs, that then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said court of diredtors, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to chufe a chairman for that time (which chairman shall also in the like cafe prefide at a general court, if any shall at that time be fummoned to meet) and to proceed to bufinefs, and tranfadl the affairs of the corporation, and that the tranfadhons of the said general court and court of diredtors refpedtively shall be as valid and effectual to all in-tents and purposes, as if the said governor or deputy governor had been present; any thing in the charter of the said corporation, or any adt of aas of parliament contained in any wife to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And whereas fieveral per fins, not being timely apprized of the notice given fior fiutficribing in their fieveral annuities, being in bis Majefiys colonies; in America, and other parts beyond the fieas, or from unavoidable aceidents have been deprived fiubficribing the fame;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the fums Liberty given which were Handing in the refpedtive names of the following to certain per-persons, on the twenty-eighth day of February one thousand seven fcITbebank hundred and forty-nine, shall be intitled to the benefit of the and touth-Tea vote of the houfe of commons, paffed the twenty-ninth day of annuities o-November one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, videlicet, to be Charles Apthorp of Bojlon in New England, to the sum of five pUbr^ant to thousand three hundred twenty-eight pounds in bank annuities, twoaftsofthe John Erving of the fame place to the sum of fix thousand pounds laft feflioa, in bank annuities, Daniel Huger of South Carolina to the sum of eight thousand pounds in old South-Sea annuities, John Smith to the sum of eleven thousand pounds in old South-Sea annuities, and to the sum of two thousand one hundred pounds in new South-Sea annuities, inftead of the like fums fubfcribed to the fecond refolution parted in the fame year, Ralph IVillet to the sum of three thousand pounds in old South-Sea annuities, Elias Mo~ fes Defortis to the sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty-one pounds joint flock in the new South-Sea annuities, Hugh Holmes to the sum of four thousand three hundred pounds old South-Sea annuities, Jokn.Saunderfon to five hundred pounds old South-Sea annuities, John Armftrong to the sum of two hundred and twenty-five pounds old South-Sea annuities, John Jolly to the sum of one thousand pounds old South-Sea annuities, two thousand pounds new South-Sea annuities, one thousand pounds bank annuities, of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-

Vol. XX.	M	feven,



162	Anno	vicefimo	quarto GeoRGH II. C. 5,-8. [175**

feven, and one thousand pounds lottery annuities of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-feven, in as full and ample manner, as if they had feverally and respectively accepted the said terms on or before the said twenty-eighth day of Febru-ary one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.

Smmftanding XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* n” mes of Sa- That ^ums that were landing in the joint names of Samuel muel Edwards Edwards, deceafed, and Hugh Brigges, now Sir Hugh Brigges, and Hugh baronet, on the twenty-eighth day of February one thousand fe-Briggcs, inti- Ven hundred and forty-nine, shall be intitled to the benefit of ^ch/o/the^ vole ^ou^e cocnmons> paffed the twenty-firft day of vote of ii'6 March one thousand seven hundred and fony-nine, videlicet, March 1749. twelve thousand two hundred and ten pounds two (hillings and one penny, in new South-Sea annuities, and thirteen thousand four hundred and forty-three pounds fourteen (hillings and three pence, in old South-Sea annuities, in as full and ample manner, as if they had feverally accepted the said terms on or before the thirtieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty.

CAP. V.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe. EXP. Time give* to 28 Nov. 1751.

CAP. VI.

An act for punching mutiny and defection ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one. Exp. At 3/. in ibe found.

CAP. VIII.

An att for the better carrying on and regulating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis, from the city of London wejiward, to the town of Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

'VX7'HEREAS the rivers 0/* Thames and \&s have, timeout V V of mind, been navigable from the city of London to the village of Bercott in the county of Oxford \ and from the city of Oxford wejiward, beyond Letchlade in the county tf/'Gloucefter: and whereas in and by an all of parliament, made and pajfed in the one and twentieth year of the reign of his late majejly King James the aijac. j.C3*. Eirjl, (intituled, An act for making the river of Thames navigable for barges, boats and lighters, from the village of Bercott in the county of Oxford, unto the univerfity and city of Oxford) the said rivers were made navigable from the Jaid village ^Bercott to the said city of Oxford: and whereas divers abufes have hereto-fore been, and Jlill are committed, by the owners of the several towing-paths , and other pojfages on the banks of the Jaid riverand by

tfo



175*0 Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII II. C. 8.	163

the owners of the locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, ahd other engines in and upon or near adjoining to the /aid rivers: and also by the fevered barge-mafters, and their fervants, navigating thereon ; by reason whereof and other- exnftions, the price of water-carriage, on thofe rivers, hath of late years been very much raifed, contrary to the intent and proviflon of divers wholefome and good laws, made and paffed for the due regulation of the said navigation; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for preventing all abufes and exaftions, which Corrtmiflia-may or can leflen the navigation of the said rivers, and rendei'ne.rs r? Put the fame lefs ufeful to the publick, all and every person or per- ecuum/"6** fons who are or shall be aflefted and charged, and do and shall pay towards the aid granted unto his Majesty by an aft of this present feflion of parliament, (intituled. An act for granting art aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one) ot towards any future aid, by any future aft or afts of parliament* for granting an aid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuceeftors, by a land tax in Great Britain, for and in refpeft of an estate in lands, tenements or hereditaments in his or their pofleffion, of of fome person in truft for him or them, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds in any or either, or all of the several counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Oxon, Glomefler and lVilts\ and also the vice-chancellor, and the heads of colleges and halls in the univerfity of Oxford; and the mayor or chief officer fof the time being of the corporation and borough towns, lying upon the said rivers, shall be and are hereby conftituted commiffi-oners for putting in execution all and fingular the powers in this aft contained; and that all and every person and persons con* ftituted and appointed a commiflioner or commiflioners by virtue or inpurfuance of this aft, before he and they respectively take upon himfelf or themselves to aft as a commilfioner or commifli* oners under this aft (other than the adminiftering the oath following to one another, which they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required to do) do and shall take and fubferibe the following oath :

I A, B. do fwear. That I will without favour or affeftion, truly ^ Oath to be faithfully and impartially execute, perform and dijeharge the office committlo-and duty of a commiflioner, according to the powers, authorities, and ncrs> direftions given and eftablijhed by an aft of parliament, (intituled,

An act for the better carrying on and regulating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifts, from the city of London weftward, to the town of Cricklade in the county of IVilts) according to the befl of my skill and knowledge.	#	*

So help me God.

Which oath fo taken and fubferibed as aforesaid, shall be kept amj toberegi* by the clerk of the peace, among the records of the feflions of acred.

M 2	the





164	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	Georgii	II. C. 8.	[ 1751.

the peace, in and for the refpetftive counties where the fame shall be fo taken and fubfcribed.

Times and II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That mectinf°ofhC t^ie ^ commiflioners, or any seven of them, for the further, theVommiffi- better and more orderly putting in execution the powers hereby oners.	to them given and appointed, (hall, for the first time, meet on

the first day of July next enfuing, at the town-hall in Reading in the county of Berks; and from thence by adjournment, meet at the town hall in the city of Oxford on the firth of Augujl following ; and for the like purposes, shall for the time to come, hold a general meeting upon the first Tuefday in July in every year, at the town hall in the said city of Oxford, and another on the first Tuefday in September following, in every year, at the town hall in Reading aforesaid, for such time or number of days as shall to the said commiflioners feem convenient, and at any of the said meetings shall adjourn themselves from time to time to such place; and fo from place to place, within the counties of Middlesex ^ Surry, Berks ^ Buckingham, Oxford, Gloucefler and Wilts, and near to the fame rivers, or fome part thereof, as they Power of ap- shall think proper; and the said commiflioners, or any five or pointinggene- more of them, are hereby impowered and authorized afterwards, tal meetings. at any tjme or tjmcs> when it shall happen that no general meeting is appointed to be held by adjournment, to appoint general meetings of the said commiflioners, for putting in execution all or any of the powers hereby in them vefted, at such times and places as they shall think proper, within any or either of the said counties, by or through which the said rivers run, upon or near the todays notice fame, upon giving twenty days notice in the London Gazette of such meet- and fome other publick newspapers, as to the commiflioners cn^nthe^7* ^eem mcet* ^e t,mc an<* P^ace wh*c*1 shall be from time don Gazette”*to time appointed for such general meetings; (at which the cornice,	,	miflioners	then present shall be at liberty, and are hereby im-

powered to adjourn themselves to such times and places, within' any or either of the aforesaid counties, near the laid rivers, as they shall think proper;) and the said commiflioners, or any seven of them, or the major part of them aflembled at such general meeting, shall at any or either of such general meetings, held at any of the refpefiive times-and places aforesaid, or in purfuance of such notice aforesaid only, for such number of days, Commiflio- as to them shall feem convenient, upon due examination of any nersimpower- person or persons, touching any matters or things which concern td to examine the better carrying on and regulating the navigation of the said m oath, rivers, or touching any matters in controverfy between party and party relating thereto, upon oath, (which oath they are hereby impowered at such general meetings to adminifter, and shall be in thefe words:)

I A. B. do [wear. That such information or evidence as I Jhall give9 Jhall be the truths the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

So help me God.

And



J75*0 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8.	165

And make orders and conftitutions for the fettling and afcertain- a"d to fettle ing reafonable rates and prices to be taken from the owners of all abtePby bareet barges, boats and veflels, for the ufe andexercife of all thetow-*or the ufeof ing-paths, gates and bridges, either by men or horfes, as they towing-paths, are now ufed, or shall be ufed, at the difcretion of the (aid com-&c. miffioners, by the tenants or occupiers of all locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other engines, and towing-paths, in, upon or near adjoining to the said rivers of Thames and Iftsy or which do or may affecft the navigation of the lame, or shall be deemed by the said com miffioners, or any fe-ven of them, or the major part of them, aflembled at such meeting or meetings as aforesaid, to be neceflary or ufeful thereto, between the said city of London and the said town of Crick-ladey for the help and afliftance which barges, boats of veflels may or shall receive thereby, or by means thereof, in their paf-fage upon the said rivers, regard being had as well to the burden or tonnage of such boats, barges and veflels that have, do and shall navigate on the said rivers, as to the charges andexpences which have been, and shall be, laid out in building, repairing, enlarging, improving and fupporting the said locks, weirs, bucks, and to make winches, turnpikes, flood-gates and other engines ; and also to orders for the make orders and regulations touching the fifces and draughts of and all boats, barges and other veflels navigating the said rivers; barees aml and to fettle proper gauges on the Tides thereof, and how deep for fettling they shall load at all times, and in different feafons of the year, gauges on the fo as no boat, barge or other veflel whatsoever, navigating the “dcs, &c. laid rivers, shall draw more than four feet on the Tides, or draw more than four feet of water at any feafon of the year ; and also to conftitute and appoint all such other neceflary rates, orders, conftitutions, rules and regulations concerning the said naviga- an(j otjjer re-tion, and also concerning such locks, weirs, bucks, winches, gulations con-turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other engines and towing-paths, cerning the lying between the places aforesaid, and the (hutting, penning, navigation, opening, drawing, ufe or management thereof, for the benefit and fafety of the said navigation ; and making fatisfaeftion for the lofs or damage which any owners or occupiers of mills or lands shall or may fuftain thereby ; and concerning all barges, boats* or veflels pafling by, through or with the help of the fame; and behaviour of all bargemen, boatmen and watermen belonging to and behaviour or working in such barges, boats or veflels, fo as to remedy the 0 ar£cmtn> abufes which have been frequently heretofore committed, or may hereafter be committed by them in the navigation ; and to give and fatiaf.ifti* such reparation, fatisfadlion and damages to the person or per-on of perfont Tons aggrieved thereby; as likewise to the owners or occupiers Sncvc^ of meadows, or other grounds, who shall be damaged by th« negledt or refufal of the owners of such locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes and flood-gates, in not opening and keep* ing open the fame, till the water is funk beneath the Watermark, as to the said commiffioners, or any seven or more of them, or the major part of them present at apy such meeting, shall feem meet.

M 3	III. Pro^





mg places, without con-fent of proprietors.

j66	Anno	viccfimo	quarto	Georgii	II.	c.8.	[1751*

No alterations III. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-to be made in forefaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-pa^hs°or land- ^ruec*t0 exte°d, to impower the said commiffioners to alter, *	’	change	or	remove	any	of	the	towing-paths, or landing-places

now ufed as fuch, or to make or appoint any new or other towing-paths or landing-places, on the banks of the said rivers, without the mutual confent first had and obtained of both the owner or proprietor of the ground, over which the towing-path or landing-place propofed to be removed now is, and alio of the owner or proprietor of the ground on which such towing-path or landing-place shall be intended to be removed to, or on which any such new towing-path or landing-place shall be intended to be made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always, That no order, rule or regulation made by the said commiflioners, in purfuance of the powers by this aft veiled in them, at any general meeting held upon and at the refpeftive days and places in every year directed by this aft as a-mcetin^not^ fore^a^> or at anY adjournment thereof, shall be altered or reappointed1 by Pealed at any general meeting held by the said commiflioners in adjournment, purfuance of the notice hereby direfted to be given, when it shall happen that no general meeting has been appointed to be Ordcrsnjay be bcld by adjournment: and that it shall and may he lawful to altered, upon and for the said commiflioners by this aft conflicted, upon any application, at application to them made in that behalf, at either of the faid

Orders made at a general meeting, not to be altered

any ftated meetings,

general meetings, held at and upon the days and places prefixed by this aft, for the refpeftive holding the fame in every year, or at any adjournment thereof, to alter, annul or repeal any order, rule or regulation made by the laid commiflioners at any former meeting or adjournment whatsoever, held in purfuance pf this aft, or make any new orcier, rule or regulation, touching and concerning the fame, as the occafion and circumfiances pf the cafe may then require, and as to them shall ft em expedient ; and fo as no such alteration, repeal or new order, be f/ made or deemed good and fufticifcnt, unless the party or parties applying for such alteration, repeal or new order, shall give aodays notice twenty days notice in writing of his intended application, to to be given of every perfan or persons whom the fame immediately concerns, such applica- pr jeave such notice with the fervant or agent of any such perfoa t;on*	pr	persons.

Commifllo- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pers may hold the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, shall and fjib-ipeetings, may have atu] hold a fub-meeting in every of the said counties, by or through which the said rivers run, once in every year, at such times, and in such towns or places refpeftively, at theAfi-(haelmas quarter-feflions in every year, for every of the said counties respectively shall be held (and at such fub-meetings the said commiflioners shall have power to adjourn themfelves, from time to time as they shall think proper) for the enforcing the execution of all or any of the orders and conftitutiohs, to be made at all or any of t(ie general meetings of the said commiflioners to

be



f 75 f-3 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 8.	167

be held as aforesaid 5 and at such fub-meetings the said com-miflioners, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them prcfent, shall have power, and are hereby authorized, in and may hear a fummary way, upon examination of the parties, and all wit- complaints m neffes to be produced by them; upon oath, which shall be in a aymmary the fame words as herein before directed for the examination of any person or persons as aforesaid, (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter) to hear and determine all such complaints and informations, as shall be made or laid against all and every person or persons, accufed of offending againft, or not complying with this a<51, or any of the rules, orders, regulations or conftitutions, to be made in purfuance or by virtue thereof; and upon conviction of the offender or offenders, to levy such and . fines, penalties, forfeitures or damages as the said commiflio- bydiftrefsand ners are by this adt impowered to fet, or are hereby made pay- Tale, able or forfeited, for the offences whereof such offenders shall be refpedtively convidted, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants, under the hands and feals of the said cotnmiffioners, or any three or more of them, to be di-redted to the conftables, tythingmen, or other peace officers of the several liberties or places wherein, or near whereto, any goods or chattels, by such warrant diredted to be diftrained, shall be; and all such conftables, and other officers, are hereby commanded to obey and execute such warrants accordingly: provided,

That every person against whom any complaint or information $ days notice lhall be made or laid at any or either of the said fub-meetings, to be given to shall have at lead fix days notice of such complaint or informa- the party com-tion, under the hands of two or more of the said commiflio-	a‘

ners.	8

VI. Provided alfo, That it shall and may be lawful for any persons a~ perfon, whofe fine, penalty, forfeiture or damage adjudged a- grieved may gainft him, at any or either of the said fub-meetings, shall ex- appeal to the ceed the sum of five pounds, and who shall think himfelf ag- quarter*feifi-grieved thereby, to appeal to the next general quarter feftions of on8‘ the peace, to be held after the expiration of ten days, from the time that the party aggrieved shall have notice of the adjudication of such fub-meeting of the commiflioners of the county, wherein the matter of complaint shall originally arife, but not afterwards, upon giving fix days notice in writing, of such ap- 6 days no{;ce peal to the party or parties appealed againft, or leaving such no- to be given, tice at his or their laft place of abode; and the court of such quarter-feftions shall hear and determine such appeal, and give such cofts to either party, as they shall think reafonable, whofe determination therein shall be final.

■ VII. And be it further enacted bv the authority aforesaid, That clerks of the the clerks of the peace for the (aid several counties through peaceappomt-which the said rivers run, shall be, and are hereby, appointed ed clerks tp clerks to the said commiflioners, and each of such clerks of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, and are hereby required to attend, oncrs * and a<5t as clerks to the said commiflioner;, at such of their

M 4.	meetings

out of the county flock.

168	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	Georgii II. c. 8.	{1751*

meetings only, as shall be held in the county whereof he is clerk and to be paid of the peace; and such ejerks of the peace shall refpe£tively be paid out of the several counties ftock, of which county they ?re clerks of the peace, such fums for their attendance ?t such meeting? refpedively, as shall at such meetings, at which they shall fo attend, be allowed them by any three or more of the said commifli-r oners, by writing or certificate under their hands and feals, not exceeding the sum of twenty (hillings a day; and the treafurers of the said counties refpe&ively a^e hereby required to pay the fame, the clerks of the peace producing fiich certificate as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas, for the more effectual putting of the powers herein contained in execution, it may be  necessary to view the several locks, weirs, bucks* winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, or other engines, and the several towing-paths upon or near the said rivers: $ commiflio- be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commif-ners impower- fioners. or any three, or the major part of them, at such their ed m view the general meetings or fub-meetings, may appoint any number of 05 9	commiflioners (but not a lefs number than three) as they fhould

think fit, who are hereby authorized and impowered to go and view any locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, floodgates and other engines, in, upon or near adjoining to the said rivers; and likewise to view all towing-paths, gates, bridge^ and places proper for the fixing a water-mark at all locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other en-and to inquire gines, and to inquire into the ftate, condition and circumftance? intp their thereof; and to inquire also by information upon oath (which t **	(hall be in the fame words as the oath herein before dire&ed for

the examination of witnefles as aforesaid, which oath they are and the rate* hereby impowered to adminifter) what rates or prices have for-formerlypaid. merly been paid to, or taken by, the owners or proprietors of such locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates or other engines, in or upon, or near adjoining to the said rivers, or in any wife affecting the fame, as likewise by the owners of towing-paths adjoining to the said rivers; and the several fums that are now paid to, or taken by such owners, proprietors or occupiers, from the several barge-mafters navigating on Information the said rivers; which information or informations thus taken, to be fjgncd shall be iigned by two of the said commiflioners at lead, and by 2 cornmif- shall be by them tranfmitted to, and reported at, the next ge-iioners, and neral meeting of the said commiflioners, who, or any seven of

mud the fums Show taken.

reported to the next gene Val meeting, &c.

Commidio-n< r$ to i ate the prices of prriage.

them, or the major part of them, shall make such order and determination thereupon, as lhall to them feem juft ; fix days noT tice in writing of luch informations and intended order being first given to the person or persons whom the fame may concern, or left at his, her or their laft place of abode.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commiflioners, or any seven or more of them, or the major part of them, shall have power and authority, and they are hereby enjoined 3nd required, at their said general meetings, to aflefs and rate the prices of the carriage of all forts of goodi whatsoever, from the said city oi London weftward,tothefaid town of Cricklade, and back from thence to the said city of Londoner to .....	■	•	•	of





175*•] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8.	169

or from thence refpedtively, to any other place or places upon the said rivers, or to or from any place or places upon the said rivers, to any other place or places upon the fame, in such boats, barges or otner veflels; and shall forthwith give publick notice in writing, to be figned by the said commimoners at such their meetings, or any seven or more of them, to be printed and pub-lifhed in the London Gazette; of which publick notice the leve- and to publish ral owners of boats, barges and other veffels, navigating on the the fame in the £aid rivers, are hereby required to take notice, as also of the Gazette* rates and prices fo, from time to time, fet and aflefled, and of all other rates and prices, which shall at any time or times hereafter, at such refpedUve meetings as aforesaid, be rated and af-fefied by virtue of this adt: and if any owner or propriety ofpcnaity 0f Um any such barge, boat or other vefTel, (hall, at any time after the king more expiration of ten days next after the publifhing of such notice, than the rate, take for the water-carriage of anv goods or merchandizes, above the rates and prices fo fet as aforesaid, every person or persons £0 offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and (ball lofe the freight of such goods j and if any person or persons what- or 0f a&ing foever mall break or adt contrary to any other rules, orders or contrary to confutations, which shall be made in purfuance of this adt, either niles, ^ for the benefit of the proprietors or owners of mills, locks, lands or meadows, near or adjoining to the said rivers, or either of them, or otherwise howfoever; every such person fo offending,

(hall, for every such offence, likewise forfeit the sum of five pounds, unless in the cafe of offences on which other penalties and forfeitures are herein otherwise inflidled; all which refpec-tive penalties and forfeitures shall and may be recovered in a fummary way, by information or complaint made to the said commimoners at any or either of their fub-meetings to be held as aforesaid; and shall go and be applied, one moiety to the in- Application of former or informers, and the other moiety to the party or par- ^forfeitures, ties aggrieved by any such offence, and shall and may be levied by diftrefs and (ale in manner herein before dire&ed.

X* Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority Nocoramiffio-aforefaid. That no commiffioner or commifiioners shall fit inn^|t0*^. judgement in the execution of this adt, or any of the powers herein contained, where he or they, on his or their own parts, are any wife interefted or concerned.

XI.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority Appeal from aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall think himfelf or the commifli-themfelves aggrieved, by reason of any rules, orders, conftituti- oners to th« ons or affeffments fo as aforesaid to be made by the said com-miflioners, or any seven of them, or the major part of them, at * their said general meetings, it shall and may be lawful to and for the judge or judges of afiize, at the aflizes to be held for the county wherein the matter of complaint principally arifeth, or the judge or judges of Ni/i print, or fitting of Niji prim at IVeft-minjter, when the caufe of complaint shall arise in the county of Middlesex, upon complaint made by such person or persons aggrieved, within the space of eight months next after the making



Order* of com-miffioner* to be in force till vacated, except in cafes affecting others pro-perty.

Judges may give cofU.

Orders to be written on parchment, and printed j

and kept amongft the records of the feflkms.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII II. c. 8.	[1751*

of such rules, orders, conftitutions or afleflments, to confirm, vacate or alter the fame, in such manner as shall be thought moft convenient.

XII.	Provided always, That the orders made by the said commilfioners shall remain in full force till vacated, or altered, by such judge or judges : but if such orders, rules or conftitutions shall affedt the property or interest of any person or persons, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, other than in locks, weirs, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, antient towing-paths and landing-places, then such orders, rules and conftitutions shall not be in force, until the expiration of one month next after the making thereof, and after notice given in writing to the person or persons affedled thereby, or left at his or their place of abode, in order that the person or persons fo affedted may have an opportunity of appealing againft'fuch orders, rules and conftitutions, before the fame are carried into execution ; and every such person or persons who shall make such appeal, fhall, within the space of one month, give notice in writing to the clerk of the commiflioners making the rules, orders or conftitutions intended to be appealed againft; and shall also enter into a recognizance before fome juft ice of the peace of the county wherein the matter doth lie, in the penalty of ten pounds at leaft, to profecute the said appeal, according to the notice given thereof, as afore-faid; in which cafe the rules, orders or conftitutions fo appealed againft, shall not be in force until such appeal be heard and determined, according to the diredtions of this adt; and in cafe the judge or judges, who shall hear the said appeal, shall determine the fame against the appellant, it shall be lawful for such Judge or judges to give such cofts to the party or parties a-gainft whom the said appeal is made, as to such judge or judges mall feem meet.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such rules, orders, conftitutioqs and afr feflments as shall be made by the said commiflioners, or any fe-ven, or the major part of them, in purfuance of this adf, shall be written on parchment, aqd figned by the said commiflioners, or any feven, or the major part of them, and shall also be printed ; and the original orders, fo figned, shall be kept amongft the records of the feflions of the peace of the county, within which the fame shall be made; and a true copy, figned by the clerk of the peace of the county where such original orders shall be filed, shall by him be tranfmitted to the fevcral clerks of the peace of the counties of Berks and Oxford, when the said orders are made in other counties than thofe of Berks and Oxon; all which, or true copies thereof, figned by the clerk of the peace, who hath the cuftody thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and 'deemed good and fufficient evidence and proof in any court of law or equity whatsoever, and other places of judicature; and the said rules, orders, conftitutions and afleflments, fo figned by the said commiflioners, or confirmed or altered on such appeal as fiforefaid, shall continup in force from the making the fame by

?	th$

 

*7*

*75T0 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c.8.

the said commiflioners, or the confirmation or alteration thereof, by the said judge or judges of afiize, or Nift Prius> until fome new order, rule, conftitution or afleflment, shall be made in the lame cafe, by the said commiflioners, or any feven, or the major part of them $ and every such new order, rule, conttitu-tion or afleflment, shall be fubjedt to the like appeal as afore-faid.

XIV.	And, for the further preventing the damages and mif-chiefs frequently done and committed by rude and diforderly persons, rowing, managing, haling or towing the said barges, boats, and veflels, either with men or horfes, and that the owners of such barges, boats and veflels may be more careful to prevent the fame; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Barge-mafter every barge-matter, or the matter of any boat or veflel, and refjwnfible for owner of any barge, boat and veflel, shall be, and is hereby, damages done made anfwerable and refponfible for any damage or mifchief that by bis men. shall be done or committed by his or their barge, boat or veflel, or by the whole or any of the crew of his or their said barge, boat or veflel, or by persons ordinarily belonging to, and going with, such barge, boat, or veflel, either to the goods and commodities with which such barge, boat or veflel is laden, or by filhing with nets, or otherwise, or by (hooting with guns, or taking or deftroying any fi(h, fowl or game, or to any of the locks, lock-tables, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates or other engines; or to any bridge or lands, trees, meadows or grounds, in and upon the said rivers, or bordering or near adjoining thereto, either with men or horfes: and the said barge-matters, barge-owners, and the matters and owners of any boat or veflel, shall be, and are hereby made liable to make good all such damages to be committed as aforesaid ; and lhall and may be fued and profecuted for the fame, by adlion of trefpafs or otherwise; and if it appear that such trefpafs or damage was done by any of the persons ordinarily belonging to or employed in the barge or other craft, whereof such person or persons was or were matter or matters, owner or	;

owners, such mafteror matters, owner or owners, shall be found guilty* and the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall recover his or their damages thereby fuftained, with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit; any former law orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	And whereat the bargemen, and other persons navigating the barges, boats and other veffels on the said rivers, have frequently em-bezilled and adulterated wines, cyder, beer and other liquors; and have often foie and bartered coals, malt, wheat and other goods committed to their care; and have been guilty of many other abufes, to the great damage of the proprietors of such goods, and the dtferedit of the Jaid navigation; but it has been found very difficult to deleft the offenders; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any bargeman, boatman, or other person or persons, Penalty on being part of the crew of or belonging to any barge, boat or other veflel, navigating the said rivers, shall hereafter fteal, fell, take, any good* on barter, confupie, adulterate or embezil any wine, cyder, beer board.



*7?

Forfeiture to go to the in-j former.

For want of dittrefe offender to be committed.

and the in-' former to be paid by the county trea-furers.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII II# C. 8. [i75r*

or other liquor, coals, malt, wheat or other goods, which shall be part of the freight of such barge, boat or other veflel, and shall be thereof lawfully convi&ed before'any one of his Majesty’s 'juftices of the peace for the county wherein, or adjoining to the place where, theoffence shall be committed (who are hereby im-powered to hear and determine such complaints in a fummary way, and to convidt the offenders, either upon their own con-feflion, orupon the evidence of one credible witness upon oath, which oath such juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) such bargemen, boatmen, or other person or persons fo offending, lhall forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings for every such offence, to any person or persons who will inform thereof, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom the complaint or information shall be made or laid: and in cafe such offender or offenders shall have no goods and chattels, whereby the penalty may be levied, or do not, upon demand, pay down the said forty (hillings, then such juftice shall and may fend such offender or offenders to the houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of two months: and in such cafe the person or persons fo informing, shall be allowed and paid the said fum of forty (hillings, by the county treafurers of the two counties between which that part of the said river shall run, where the offence lhall happen to be committed, in equal (hares and proportions: and the treafurers of such counties are hereby required to pay the fame, upon the informer or informers producing a certificate of the convidtion of the said offender or offenders, under the hand of the juftice before whom the information shall be laid: and that such of-

fender or offenders had no goods and chattels, whereon the penalty could be levied as aforesaid.

On complaint XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the water That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the said corn-runs over the miffioners upon the complaint of, agd oath made by any of the mHHoner8°m tenantsor occupiers of the meadows above, that the water runs may compel over water-mark, and that their meadows are in danger of the owners of being overflowed, to fend, under their refpedtive hands and locks to open feals, a warrant directed to the conftable or conftables of the pa-tae lame. ri(h or tything, or fome neighbouring pari(h or tything to the .place where the offence shall be committed, thereby authorizing and impowering him or them to give notice of such complaint to the several tenants or occupiers of the said locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams and floodgates ; and on their refufal to open the fame, to compel the (aid tenants or occupiers of the said locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams and flood-gates, to open, and keep open the fame, as occafion shall require, till the water is funk below 3 coramiflion- the water-mark, and no longer: and if any damage shall be farirfa^ion for fufta,ned by the tenants or occupiers of such meadows, occafion-damages oc- ed either by the occupiers or tenants of such locks, weirs, bucks, cafioned by turnpikes, dams and flood-gates, penning above the water-mark, overflowing. f0 as aforesaid fet by the 1%id compiiflioners i or neglecting or

6	refuting



I75f0 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8.	17$

refufing to draw, after such notice as aforesaid; any three or more of the said commiflioners (hall, at any of their fub-meet-ings to be held as aforesaid, within the space of fourteen days next enfuing, on proof made on oath as aforesaid, of the damage or damages, order such fatisfadiion as to them shall feem juft : and if any or either of the tenants or occupiers of any locks, Penalty of not weirs, bucks, turnpikes, dams or flood-gates, shall refufe to pay PayinS* such fum or fums of money fo ordered, within thirty days after fuoh order made, and notice thereof given, he or they fo refufing shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, over and above the fum or fums fo ordered, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of any three or more of the said commiflioners as aforesaid.

XVII. And whereas great inconveniencies and damages do often happen to light-loaded barges, boats and other vejfels, by deep-loaded barges, boats and other vejfels, lying acrofs or aground in the said rivers ; and thereby or otherwise obft rutting and preventing the pajfage of such light-loaded vejfels, which otherwise might pafs: for remedy whereof, be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of the (aid commiflioners, on his or their view, or on complaint thereofCommiflion* made to him or them by the owners or navigators of such light- q^™^™*** loaded barges, boats or other veflels, to order the owners or cernhi^defp-navigators of such deep-loaded barges, boats or other veflels, by loaded*barges warrant under his or their hands, forthwith to remove such ob- obftrufting ftru&ions, by lightening their said veflels, or otherwise, in such Baviga- * -manner as the said commiflioner or commiflioners shall think non* fit; and to fuffer the said light-loaded barges, boats or other veflels to pafs ; and upon non-compliance with such order, to Penalty of aflefs and levy by warrant under such commiflioner or commif- non-comp!!-fioners hands and feals, to be directed to the conftables, or other ancc* peace officers, of the parish or place wherein or near to the place where such complaint (haU arife, such penalty not exceeding the sum of five pounds, upon rlie goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, or the tackle belonging to his or their barge or barges, as the said commiflioner or commiflioners shall think proper, or adequate to the damage to be thereby fuftained by the owner or owners of such light-loaded veflel or veflels, and to be paid to the person next immediately fuftaining the damage occafioned by his boat or vefleFs being ftopt.

XVIII. And be it enalted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty of 1*-if it shall appear, either by view of any three or more of the moving wa-faid commiflioners, or upon complaint made on oath, to betcr'nur*g* taken and adminiftered as herein before dire&ed, to any five or more of the said commiflioners, at any of the said fub-mectings, that any owner or occupier of any lock, weir, turnpike, dam or flood-gate, or any other person or persons, hath removed any water-mark, fo as aforesaid fet or appointed by the said commiflioners, that the person or persons fo removing the fame shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered at *	any

 GooQle *

Commiffion-crs may make order for cleanfmg the the rivers:

and impofe a rate on barges. &c.

and appoint receivers.

Owners of barges to affix their flames and places of abode, &c. on their vefleis.

Penalty*

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II; c. 8:	[1751#

any of the said fub-meetings, in a fummary way, by any per* fon or persons who will complain or inform thereof, and levied by diftrefs and faleof the offender’s goods and chattels, in man* ner aforesaid.

XIX.	And whereas it may be necejfary to cleanfe, fcour, clear and ballaji the said rivers in many places; be it enaded by the authority aforelaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any seven or more of them, at any of their general meetings, by any order under their hands and feals* to caufe the said rivers, or such parts thereof as to them shall feem meet, to be cleanfed, fcoured, cleared and ballafted, and all ob-ftrudtions and annoyances in and upon the said rivers to be removed ; and to defray the charges and cofts of such clearing, cleaning, fcouring and ballafting; and removing all obftruc-tions and annoyances aforesaid ; as also to defray the incidental expences of printing and publiftiing the orders of the commiflioners ; and for the making a reafonable recompence to the fe-veral clerks of the peace, for tranfmitting duplicates of such orders as aforesaid ; and for paying the falaries of such officers as the commiflioners shall think fit to appoint, for the infpedting the execution of this adt; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any seven or more of them, at any of their general meetings, to impofe and fet a rate or rates, to be paid by the owner or owners of every boat, barge or vefleJ, palling the said place fo cleared, cleanfed, fcoured and ballafted * and to appoint a receiver or receivers thereof until a fufficient fum be raised for defraying the expence thereof: and in cafe the owner or owners of such boat, barge or veflel shall negledt or re-fufe to pay the said rate or rates, fo directed to be paid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any seven or more of them, by warrant under their hands ana feals, diredted to such receiver or receivers, to levy the monies fo rated, or directed to be paid, upon the goods ana chattels of the person or persons fo refufing or negleding to pay the fame, and to difpofe of and felrtne goods and chattels fo levied, and to deduct thereout the said rates fo directed to be paid, together with the cofts and charges of such warrant, diftrefs and fale, rendering the overplus to the person or persons fo refufing or ncgledting to pay the said rate or rates as aforesaid.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owners of all boats, barges and other vef-fels, of the burden of twenty tons, and upwards, navigating the said rivers, shall caufe his, her or their name or names, and place of abode, together with the dimenfions and tonnage of his, her or their boat, barge or veflel, to be fet on fome confpicuous place of their refpedtive boats, barges or vefleis: and every owner or owners neglecting fo to do, or fuffering his, her or their boat, barge or other veflel, to navigate in or upon the said rivers, or either of them, without their refpedtive names, place of abode, dimenfion and tonnage thereon, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings for every such offence* to any person or persons

nhm

 LjOOQie

1751.3	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8.	175

who will make information or complaint thereof to the said commiflioners, at any or either of their fub-meetings, to be, as aforesaid, held, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods as aforesaid, fo as the offender or offenders be thereof first duly convicted by the said commiflioners, at any of their fub-meetings as aforesaid.

XXI.	And whereas for improving the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis, it is found expedient to put such part of the river of Kennet, as is between the common landing-place at Reading a-forefaid, and the mouth of the said river of Kennet, under the fame regulation and management; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners appointed by this ad shall part of the be commiflioners for carrying on and regulating the navigation of river Kennet the aforesaid part of the laid river Kenneth in like manner as they Put undcr the are hereby appointed commiflioners concerning the navigation of m^1Ct#managC" the said rivers of Thames and Ifis; and that all and lingular the

powers and authorities by this ad given to, or veiled in, the said commiflioners, relating to the navigation of the said rivers . of Thames and' Ifis^ shall extend to, and the said commiflioners are hereby authorized to exercife the fame over the aforesaid part of the said river Kennet, and over all persons, boats, barges and veflels navigating the fame, or any wavs concerned therein, and the locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other engines thereon, and the adjacent lands, meadows, tenements and premifles; and to make all fuch, or any of the orders and conftitutions relating thereto, as are herein mentioned, and in like manner as the (aid commiflioners are hereby authorized to do, of and concerning the navigation of the said rivers of Thames and Ifis, and the matters, and things relating thereto, or any persons interefted or Concerned therein.

XXII.	Provided alvyays. That nothing in this aft contained Limitation. • shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away any jurif-

didtion, power or authority of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of tjie city of London, or any other body politick or corporate, or other person or persons whatsoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, order* to be That all the orders of the said commiflioners shall be kept by kept by the the clerks of the peace aforesaid, among the records of the fe(- clerk* of the lions of the peace in the refpedlive counties where the fame Pf3** am®nS shall be made ; and that such clerks of the peace, refpedlively, (hall1 c l€Cor ** permit the fame to be infpedted by all persons defiring the fame,

at convenient times \ and shall deliver copies thereof, or of any part thereof, to any person defiring the fame, taking for the fearches and copies thereof, reasonable fees, to be limited by the said commiflioners from time to time, at their general meetings aforesaid.

XXIV.	And be it enadled and declared by the authority aforesaid. That this adt shall be deemed a publick adl, and shall publick aft. be taken notice of as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame:

and if any adlion shall be brought, or fuit commenced, againlt any person or persons for any thing done in purfuanqc of thia

adl.



General iHue#

Double cofts.

Charges of this aft how to be paid.

6 & 7 W. 3. c, 16

and 3 Geo. a. c. 11. repealed.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 8.	[<*751.

aft, every such aftion or fuit shall be brought or commenced in the county or place where the caufe of aftionor fuit doth arife, and not eltewhere, and within the space of fix months next after such Caufe of aftion shall accrue; and the defendant or defendants, in such aftion or fuit may plead the genera) iffiic* and give this aft and the fpecial matter hi evidence.at any .trial to be had thereupon j and that the fame was done in purtuance and by the authority of this aft: and if the fame shall appear to have been fo done, or if any such aftion or fuit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited For bringing ot commencing the fame, or shall be brought or commenced in any other county or place, then, and in such cafe, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and in such Cafe, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her or their aftion or aftions, or if any vefrdift shall pafs against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given.againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants, shall and may recover double cofts, and shall have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cofts and charges of obtaining this aft shall be paid by tw treafurers of the several counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Gloueefter and Wilts, through which the said rivers run, in equal mares, that is to fay, by every treafurer of the said several counties, one seventh part, to William Cooke of Great Farringdon in the county of Berks, gentleman, his executors or adminiftrators, upon his or their producing to such treafurers respectively the bill of cofts and dimurfements, on account of palling this aa, (igned by any five of the said commiflioners, or their certificate, or allowance thereof: and the said treafurers of the said counties are hereby required to pay the fame accord-ly, on fight of such bill, certificate or allowance, fo as aforesaid figned; and the receipts of the said JViUiam Cooke, his executors or adminiftrators, shall be good and fufticient vouchers tp (fuch treafurers refpeftively, and allowed in their refpeftive accounts for what they shall fo as aforesaid respectively pay to the said JVilliam Cooke, his executors or adminiftrators, in purfuance of this aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the end of this present session of parliament, the said aft made in the (ixth and seventh years of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled. An act to prevent exactions of the occupiers of locks and weirs upon the river of Thames weftward, and for afeertaining the rates of water-carriage upon the-faid river: and also the said other aft, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for reviving and amending an act made in the fixth and seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds intituled. An act to prevent exaftions of the occupiers of locks and weirs upon





*77

j751.]	Annoviccfirtiocjaarto CjEoRGiIIt. d.g, i6,ti.

on the river of Thames weftward 5 and for afeertaining the rates Of water-carriage upon the said river j fhallbe, and the fame art hereby repealed.

CAP. IX.

An act for repairing the road leading from Weft-Lavington to the Dfcw vizes, znd from th e Devizes to Scend in the county of Wilts.

Certain tolls granted for ii years.

CAP. X.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts of pstrlia-* ment, for repairing the highways through the liberal parishes of Saint » Michael, fia’mt Alban, Saint Peter, Shcnley-Ridge and South Mims9 in , the counties of Hertford and MiddiefeX.

Tht ads i Geo. 1. and 8 Geo. 2. c. 9. continuedfor ii years.

CAP. XI*

An ma8 for reducing the inlereft upon the capiidl ftdek of tht ' South Sea company, from the time and upon the terms f therein mentioned, and for preventing of frauds committed by the officers and fervants of the said company.

Moll gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and ether parts of America, and for encouraging the fijhery, haite pro-pofed to accept of four pounds per centum per annum on their capital (loci, to Chriftmas, one thousand /even hundred andfifty /even» and then to /land reduced to three pounds per centum per annum, provided the receipt from the exchequer, and charges of management, upon the present old and new South Sea annuities, he continued as they now are; and also the charges of management on the capital flock of the said company be continued; and that all the rights and exemptions, with regard to the redemption of the fame, be confirmed in the fame manner as they now (land: and your Majfiys dutiful and loyal fubjetls the commons of Great Britain in parliament affem-bled, having duly confidered the said propofal, have refolvcd to accept thereof, in full difeharge of all demands which the said company could or might claim of the King of Spain, on account of the ajjiento. Of annual /hip, or on any account whatfoevet, over and above the sum of one hundred thousand pounds paid purfuant to treaty: and do therefore moft humbly befeech your M-jefty that it may Jbe enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and tvith the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present pailiament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said governor and company of South Sea merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other company to parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, lhall have, re- receive 4-1* Jeive and enjoy, and lhall be intitlcd, by virtue of this aft, to {heir clpiH have, receive and enjoy the present annuity of four pounds per tjn X5 9 centum ptr annum, payable on their said capital flock, until the cember 17^7 . twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and •fifty seven ; and that from and after the said twenty fifth day of Yol. XX.	’	December

i78

Anno vicefimoquarto Geqegii II* c.j?.	1*75*1

which is then December one tboufand seven hundred aj)d fifty feven, the to be reduced annuity 0f four pounds per centum per annum 0)^11 be redded tp, 03. percent. an jntereft after t^c rate Qf threc pounds per centum Per aujppnf until the redemption thereof, in.hill difeharge of all demands which the said company could or might c]*im of the King pf Spain^ on account of the afiiento, or annual (hip, or on any account whatsoever, over and above the sum of qne hundred thou-fand pounds paid purfuant to treaty.

Charges of II. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed hy the managenient authority aforesaid. That the said governor and company (h£Jl aiTnewan- continue to receive from the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, mnties, to be fo much monies out of the.funds appropriated for that purpofe, continued,&c. as (hall, from time to time, become due and payable for the in-tereft of, and charges of management upon fuen part of the said old and new South Sea annuities, as afe not redeemed, and on the capital (lock of the laid company, as they now have and rcK ceive ; and that all the rights and exemptions, with regard to the redemption of the said capital (lock of the said company, shall be, and are hereby, confirmed in the fame manner as they now (land ; any thing in this or any former act or a<51s of parliament contained to the contrary jtherepf Jn any wife notwith-ftanding.	-

Officer or fer- HI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, vant of the That if any officer or fervent of the said companv, being intrude company cm- ed with any note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, deed, or any any*s^of **ecuruy, money or other effe&s belonging to the said company, the company or having any bill, dividend-warnjnf, bond, deed, or any fe-intiuited with curity, money or effects of any other person or persons, lodged him,	or depofited with the said company, or with him as an officer

or fervant of the said company, shall fecrete, embezil or run away with, any such note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, deed, fecurity, money or effects, or any part of them, every officer or r ~ .	. fervant fo offending, and being thereof convitfed in due form of

afclon. *aw> ke ^ectped guilty of felony, and (hah fuflfer de^th as a felon without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XII.

An aS for appointing commiffiomrs to put in execution an all made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the rivers r/ionly called Brandon and Waveney •, fo far as the fame, relates to the navigation of the river commonly called the Leffer Quze, from Thetford to Brandon, and front Brandon to a place called the White Houfe, near Brtji-don ferryy in tbecounties 0/Norfolk and Suffolk.

WHEREAS by an alt of parliament pajfed in the twenty fccond year oj the reign of a7/z£ Charles the Second* for making navigable the rivers commonly called Brandon aud Waveney, divers per fan therein named were conjlituted commiffioners for determining qil fontr overjigs which might arise in making the said riven navigable*

in

to as a

•t Car. a. private*



1751!] Ahh6 vicefimo quarto GfcotoJfi It. £.	14.

in maintaining the navigation thereof, in fettling the rates of carriage of goods on the fata river r, and for afcertaining the damages done to the tanks of the /aid rivers by hauling and drawing of vejjels navigated thereonj and power was given to the commifioners appointed by the fold aft., or any five of ihem9 to chufe other perfonS) refidlng in ihe counties ^Norfolk and Suffolk* to be commifioners 9 injiead of such commifioners as Jhouldfrom time to time die: and whereas all the commifioners appointed to put into execution fo much of the said aft as relates to the navigation of the fetid river commonly called the Lelter Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to d place called the White Houfe, near Brandon ferry, have been long fince dead\ and that no new commifioners were appointed In their Jlead and place 9 purfuant to the power vejled in them by the laid aft: and whereas fome difputes have of late \ears artfen between the owners, cf lands qnd banks adjoining to the faia river commonly called the Letter Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a place called the White Houfe, near Brandon ferry ^ relating to the hauling-zvays there9 and other matters relating to the said navigation) which cannot be adjufled and fettled by any other ;means than, by expsnfwe and tedious law fuits9 unless fome further provifeon be made by parliament for appointing new eommifiontrS) and invefiing them ivith She lilt powers and authorities as were grafted to the commifi-dyiers appointed by the said former aft relating to the said naviga-tion; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en* a<fted, {sV.

Conamiflioqer* appointed to put the aft of 11 Car. s. in execution, fo fat as relates to the navigation of the Ltfler Ouze.

CAP. XIII.

An act for repairing the road from Crotford Bridge, through the town-*

* (hips of Stretford and Hid me, to the town of Mancheller, in the county, palatine of Lancaster, Certain tolls granted for it years.

CAP. XIV.

itn aft for explaining and attending an aft faffed in the liven-ty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled9 An act for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens, and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of the city: of London) and for other purposes therein mentioned. *

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and fafid in the %\ twentyfirjl year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of the city of London) after1 rniting (hat by indentures of leafe and rtleafe) bearing date respectively the third and fourth days of October one thousand fix hundred and ninety-nine) and inrolled in the high court of Chancery, (he wardens and commonalty of the myjlery of Mercers of the city of London, did grant and re%afe divers meffuages and tenements, toftsy gardens) ground and hereditaments) of and belonging to the said wardens and comrHotialty, fituate and being in the city ^London, and in the county of Middlefyx, therein particularly mentioned and defiribed;

N 2	together

179

G.a.c. 3a;



Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 14.	[1751.

together with one full moiety of all that great fabrick and place called the Royal Exchange, London, and other tenements in, under, upon or near the fame, therein particularly mentioned and defcribcd; and also all that the manor of Mercers, with the rights, members and appurtenances thereof, lying and being in the county of Londonderry in Ireland, and divers other lands, tenements and hereditaments in Ireland, in the fame indentures more particularly mentioned and deferred, unto Sir William Hedges, and several other persons, as trujlees, their heirs and affigns, upon trujl, amongft other things, to pay and fatisfy several charitable gifts; and also fucb annuities to be granted by the said wardens and commonalty, during the lives of the Wives of clergymen, or of other persons, furviving their husbands, in such manner as in the said aft is mentioned; and also reciting that by indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date ihe firjl and fecond days of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, Richard Chif-well the elder. Sir Thomas Webfter, David Papillon and Clement Tookie, therein named, being then the only furviving trujlees in certain indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date the firjl and fecond days of June one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in the said aft mentioned and referred to, did, by the direftion and appointment of the said wardens and commonalty, grant and convey the said several trujl efla’es to the ufe of themfelves, and other trujlees therein named, their heirs and affigns, upon certain trujls, and for divers purposes mentioned in the said aft, or in certain deeds therein referred to; and also reciting that the trujleesin whom the legal interefi of the said efiates comprized in the said indentures of the third and fourth of October one thousand fix hundred and ninety-nine, and the find indentures of the firjl and fecond of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, was then vejled, might refufe to aft; and that it might be for the benefit of the said annuitants, that building and repairing leafes Jhould be lett of the several ejlates that ore within the city of London and county of Middlesex, and also that fucb of the said ejlates as are in the kingdom of Ireland, Jhould be lett for a term of years, or for lives and a term of years; it was enafted. That it Jhould anamight be lawful to and for the said wardens and commonalty, and their fuccejfors, from time to time, by any deed or deeds indented under the common feal of the said wardens and commonalty, ta demife and leafe all or any part of the said ejlates (except as therein after is excepted) for any term or number of years not exceeding twin-ty-one years abfolute, inpojjejfton, and not in reverfion, referping the mojl improved rent that could be bad for the fame, without taking any fine or other thing, by way of income, for granting any leafe or leafes thereof, and fo as no such leafe or leafes Jhould be made difpuniJbabU of wajie, and fo as the refpeftive lejfees Jhould feal and execute counterparts of such leafe or leafes refpeftively; in which said aft is contained a provifo, that it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the said wardens and commonalty, and their fuccejfors, to demife and leafe the manor of Mercers, part of the said efiatetin the kingdom of Ireland, with the rights, members and appurtenances, or any part or parti thereof, for any term or number of years not exceeding fixty-one years in pojfijfm, or for fitly one year/ in ptifijfiW) and for the lives of

any

I751-] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 14;

any three persons, and the life of the longer liver of them; and that they Jhould and might take such fine or fines, or other confideration9 for the granting such leafe or leafes, and referve such yearly or other rent or rents thereon, as could be reafonably obtained, fir as the referved rent upon any such leafe be not lefs than the rent then referved to the fiaid wardens and commonalty ; and also that it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the said wardens and commonalty to demife and leafe the fie* . veral mcjfuages and tenements, part of the said efiates, fttuate, lying, Jlanding and being, in or near Long Acre in the county ^Middlefex; and all other the mejfuages or tenements belonging to the said eftates, tybicb they Jhould deem necejfary to lett upon building or repairing -leafes, according to the common or ufual method of letting fucb leafes ; . videlicet, the building leafes for any term or number of years not ex-ceeding Jixty-cne years, and the repairing leafes for any term or num- * her of years not exceeding forty-one years, to commence from the date ‘ or dates of any such leafes; and Jhould and might take such fine or fines, or other confideration, and such yearly and other rent or rents, for granting such leafe or leafes, as they Jhould think fit; in which building leafe or leafes, power Jhould be given to the refpefiive lejfees, or their agents, to pull down and demolijh the old buildings, and Jo difpofe of the materials, as they Jhould rejpelfively think fit; and also a provijQ, that no leafe or leafes of any part of the said efiates (ex- v eept the efiates in Ireland and Long Acre) Jhould be granted till within the space of three years next before the expiration of such leafe or leafes as were then in being: and whereas the tryfiees named and. appointed by the said deeds of the firfi and fecondjays of June one thou-firnd 4 [even hundred and forty one, decline ailing in the said trufie and whereas the powers given to the said wardens and commonalty by the said recited all, are not fiujficient to enable the said wardens and commonalty to grant fucb leafe or leafes of their efiate in Ireland, as was meant and intended by the said at1, they Jhould have power ta grant, inafmuch as by the said all, the leafes they are thereby enabled to grant, are to be for any term or number of years not exceedingfixty-one years in pojfejfm, or for fixty-one years in pojfejfion and for the lives of any three persons, and the life of the longer liver of them : * and whereas the said Irifh efiate is now lett on leafe or Icajes which are not yet expired j and the power given by the said atl to grant uafes for Jtxty-one years, being refrained and limited to be for Jixty-cne years in pojfejfion $ and the power of granting leafes for three lives, being a power to grant a freehold, the fame cannot by the rules of law, be granted to commence in futuro 5 Jo that the said wardens and commonalty, as the all noui [lands, cannot legally grant any leafe of the said Irifli efiate, either for fixty-one years, or for three lives and fixty-one years, until the leafe or leafes thereof now in being are expired or furrendered, without the aid of an all of parliament for explaining and amending the said recited all, with refpelI to the power of granting leafes of the said efiate; and whereas it will be greatly for thy advantage of the annuitants of the said wardens and commonalty, that the said wardens and commonalty Jhould be now enabled, and have power, to grant leafes of their said Irifh efiate, tc1 commence at the expiration of the leajis thereof now Jubfifiing, referv-

N 3	tug





Anno vicefinjqqpvtQ Georgii IJ. c. i^—i8. [f 7,51,,

ing the present rent, and taking the hejl fine that ton be gotfor thefapte^ according to the true.intent and meaning of the/aid recited qfi may , it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, at ttye Jiuqabls >. requeft of your loyal and dutiful fubjeds, the wardens ^nd conrhr. mohalty of the myftery of Mercers of tl>e city of London, that it. njay be enaded, &c.

Mercert company may grant leafes of their eft ate hi Ireland, in reverfion for 61 years, or for three lives, and take fin?*, They may. grant building leafes for 61 years, &c and repairing leafes for 41 years, of their effete in Long Acre, and take fines; amt may leafe their other eft* tes in . London and Middlesex, for ai years; and grant building leafes tor 61 years, and .repairing leafes for 41 years, without fines. Leafes of the imitates in London and Middlesex not to be granted until within, 3 yean.of* t]>e expiration of the present leafes No leafe to be valid, unlels confented toby tne annuitants and creditors, &c. Deeds and fettlements not altered by this ajfct. Rights of the crown and of other persons referred, Pub-Jick ad. Amended 2.5 Geo, a. c. 7.	»

CAP. XV.

An act to enable the parishioners of the parifti of Saint Mary, Iflington, in the county of Middlesex, to rebuild the church of the said parifo

CAP, XVI.

Ah ad.for the more fpeedy and eafy recovery of small debts within tb.e city of Lincoln, and county of the fame city, and the liberties and pre-Cipds thereof; and witivn the bail of Lincoln in the county of Lincoln-

CAP, XVII.

An act for repairing the road leading from the caft end of Brampton High Lane in the county of York, to the town of Richmond, and trom thence to and through the towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the laud county, to the town of Lancafter in the county of Lancftlter.

Certain tolls granted for 2 \ years.

CAP. XVIII.

An aH for the bettor regulation of trials by jury \ and for enlarging the time for trials by Nifi Prius in.the county of Middldex.

\XT H E R E A S byan a51 made in the third year of the reign of I Geo, a. 0,25. yy ^ present Majesty, intituled^ An act for the better regulation of juries; it is amongfl other things entitled. That the perjon or party who Jhall apply for a fpecial jury to be Jlruck in the manner therein mentioned, Jbeil bear and pay the fees for the Jlriliug fetch jury, and Jhall not have any allowance for the fame upon taxation of (ofts: and whereas the said claufe doth extend only to the fees paid for finking such fpecial jury; by reason whereof fpecial juries have frequently been applied for in fmall and trivial caufes, in order to burden the sther party with the expence thereof .', vjk'ich practice has been 6G. a. c. 37. found to be very inconvenient and opprejfive: and whereas one other aft was made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majefiy, in- ■ tituled. An act for making perpetual the several ads therein men- • tioned, for the better regulation of juries j and for impawering the jultfces of leffion or affixes for the counties pafatine of Chejr ter> Lancaster aod Durhqm^ to appoint a fpecial iury in manner .	- •	.	* •	.	therein

Anrio vlrtrimo quartd (jIeorgii II. c. i$:	i&j

tKeVein mentioned; and for continuing the ad for regulating the itiariufadure of cloth in the weft riding of the county of fort (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an d<ft for the more effectual puniftiing wicked and evil-dlfpofed perferis going armed in difguife, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any fea bank ; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for continuing an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Secortd, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain da'ufes in two other ads made for the fame purpose ; whereby it is amohgft other things enabled, That the said aft for the better regulation of juries, jhoiild be, and was thereby made perpetual; qnd it was thereby also enabled^ That the jufiices of the JeJJion or ajfizes for the coutities palatine of Chefter, Lancafter and Durham, Jbould and mighty upon motion, order and appoint a jury to be, (truck before the proper officer of each court refpetiively> for the trial of any iffiue in any of the cafes, and in such manner as are therein mentioned; for remedy thereof be it enaded by the King’s most excellent Ma-jbfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual ana temporal and commons in this present parliament affefn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after Perfons apply-tfie first day of Eajier term, which shall be in the year of our ing for fpecial Lord one thoufana seven hundred and fifty-one, the person or ij*r*es»t0 P*?, party who shall by virtue of either of the said ads apply for such ofVrikTng the fpecial jury, (Hall not only bear and pay the fees for ftriking fame, and the ftjelijury, but shall also pay and difeharge all the expences oc-charges occa-cafioned by the trial of the caufe by such fpecial jury, and shall fioned by the riot have any further or other allowance for the fame, upon tax-tnal, &c* atiori of cofts, than such person or party would be intitled unto in cafe the caufe had been tried by a common jury, unless the Judge before whom the caufe is tried shall immediately after the trial, certify in open court under his hand upon the back of the record, that the fame was a caufe proper to be tried by a fpecial jury.

II.	And whereas complaints are frequently made of the great and extravagant fees paid to jurymen returned under the authority of the

faid retited abls; be it enaded by the authority afprefaid. That Fees allowed no person who (hall, after the said first day of Eajier term, ferve»to iUI7mcn-upon any jury appointed or returned by authority of any of the said ads, (half be allowed or take for ferving on any such jury more than the sum of money which the judge who tries'the if-fue or ifiues shall think juft and reafonable, not exceeding the sum of one pound one (hilling, except in caufes wherein a view hath been or shall be direded.

III.	And whereas by an ablpajfed in the fourth year of the reign 4 Annie c. i6»

of her kite majefiy £>ueen Anne, (intituled. An act for the amendment of the law, and the better advancement of juftice) it is en*	’

a lied. That frm and after the first day 0/Trinity term orte thou-

fundffued hundred aw fix^ every'Ve nire facias for the trial of any

N 4	ijjuey

184	Anno vicefimo quarto GeoR.gii II.	18 <	[	1751.

iffue^ In .any afticn or fuit in any of her Miijefty's courts fif recordat Westminster, Jhall be awarded of the body of the proper count? where such iffue is triable; but in the said aft there tsautairwta pfOvifo^ that the fame Jhall not extend to any aftion cr information upon any penal ftatute , which provifo has, by experiencey teen found m . inconvenient, by reason of challenges to the arrays of panels ofjurors % Venire facia* ang t0 ff,e p0n$ for default of hundredors; therefore, for preven-for the mal °f tion thereof for the future, be it enafted, That from and after an,iruc the said first day of Eafter term, every Venire facias for the trial tobeawarded anY *^uc> ltx anY a<^,on or information upon any penal fta-pf the body of tute, in any of his Majesty’s courts ot record at Westminster, in the county the counties palatine of Lincafter9 Chejler and Durham, and the wheretheifiiie principality of Wales, shall be awarded of the body of the proper u triable- county where such iffue is triable*; any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And wheras great delays do frequently happen in trials, where I peer or lord of parliament is party, by reason of challenges to the arrays of panels of jurors, for want of a knight's being returned on

No challeng6 such panels; for remedy thereof for the future, be it enacted by any pancUf° authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first day of juror* for want Eajler term, no challenge shall be taken to any panel of jurors, of a knight s for want of a knight’s being returned in such panel, nor any ar-being return-	qUa(hed by reason of any such challenge taken after that time *

*** c* any law, ufage or cuftom tp the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year liGrcO'i.c.31. of the reign of King George the Firjl\ intituled, An a (ft for the

better regulating trials by Nift Prius in the county of Middbfex ; power and authority is given to the chief juft ice of the King’s Bench, the chiefjvjiice ofthe Common Pleas, and the chief baron of the court ^Exchequer, for the time being, and every of them refpeftively, and in the abfence of any of them, to and for any other judge or baron of the said Jeverai courts, as juftices ^Nifi Prius for the said county a/'Middlefex, within the term, or within the [pace of eight days after the end of any term refpeftively, to try all such ijfues as by an aft of parliament made in tie eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Eliza-tftEliB. c. is, beth, (intituled, An act for trial of Nift Prius in the county of Middlesex) they, or any of them, are enabled to try, in such plact and manner, and with and under such powers, authorities and pro-vifionsy as in the said la/l-mentioned aft^ or any other aft of parliament^ or law whatsoever concerning the premiffes, are preferibed and contained: and whereas the refraining the time for such trials after the terms to eight days, hath been found inconvenient, and occafioned delay of jujlice; be it therefore enacted bv the authority afore-Ju(tfce*of Nifl (aid, That from and after the first day or Eafer term in the Frius for the year Qf ^ Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty^-one, it Middled ^all and ma? k* lawful to and for the chief jufticc of the Kinfs may, within Bench, the chief juftice of the Common Pleas, and the chief bik

14.	day* after ron of the court of Exchequer, for the time being, aod every Vt the end of therp refpeftively, and in the abfence of any of them, to and Iff e*. ^	for anY ot^cr judge haron of the feid feverar courts, as iuftit^s

tt	of Nift Prius tor the said county of MiMUJjxfpV ^ tjqne\ <fr

 

i85

*751.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 19.’

times within the space of fourteen days after the end of any ternt refpe&ively, to try *H such iflues as by the before-mentioned they* or any of them are enabled to try, in such place and manner, and under such powers, authorities and proviiions as in and by the aforesaid a6U, or any other ad of parliament or law whatsoever concerning the premiflfes, are prefcribed and contained^ any thing in the before-mentioned ads to the contrary hereof in ahy wile hotwithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for making the river Nar navigable, from the town ' and fort of King’s Lynn to Weftacre, in the county of Norfolk.

WHEREAS the river Nar in the,county ^Norfolk, is very capable of being made navigable, from the town and port of King’s Lynn to Weftacre in the said county; and the fame, if efr feSedy will be of great benefit and advantage, not only to the fdii town f/iffing’s Lynn, but to all the towns aud places fituate near the said fiver y and be a general benefit to all the adjacent country, by better accommodating the fame with necejjariesy and by opening and facilitating trade and commerce, whereby navigation and the number of wattrmen will be increafcdy the poor find employment, and the highways thereabouts, now worn by the weight of heavy and frequent carriages, will be better fupported and maintained; to the end therefore that the said river Nar may be made navigable for boats, barges and other veflels, from the said town and port of King's Lynn to IVefiacre aforesaid \ be it enaded, CsV.

Commiflioners may contra# with persons to make the river navigable. Undertakers may remove annoyances. See. and ere# locks above Setch Bridge, fire. and fet out towing-paths. Satisfaction to be made to the owners of grounds. Seven commiflioners may receive propofals; nine to be present at making the contracts. Notice of meeting for that purpose to be given. If the adjourned meetings be not held as often as neccflary, five commiflioners may fummon a meeting. Nine commiflioners may a-gree with the owners of such lands as ihall be made ufe of, and fettle the . proportion payable thereout to the tenant. If any persons shall rerafe, or be incapable of making such agreement, a jury to be impanelled, who may view the lands, and afiefs the recommence. Verdi# to be kept a-mongft the records of the feflions. Commiflioners may fummoh witnef-fes, and impofe fines on the flierifF and others making default in the pre-mifles, to be levied by dittrefs and Tale. Tolls to be paid for goods carried up or down the river, which are vetted in the commiflioners, and may be levied by diftrefs and fale. No toll to be paid for goods carried not more than a furlong above Setch Bridge. Commiflioners may appoint collectors and treaiurers of the tolls, and other officers, and admi-nitter an oath of office to them, Sec, Salaries to be allowed to the officers. Watermen to give an account of the quantity and quality of goods on board. See, Penalty on his refufal, tec, Commiflioners to fet up gates. Sec. where towing paths (hah be fet out. If the river shall be ragl-. cd above its ufual height by weirs or dams, the banks are to be proper-fionably railed. If new cuts, Sec. be made, &c. which render the ways unpafT-nble, bridges are to be built over them. Commiflioners may make orders concerning the navigation of the river. No haling with hories allowed between King's Lynn and Sandringham Eau. Penalty on commiflioner aft-jpg wp$r$hc is iptqrtfcd' tyowyffioners may mqke by-laws, fifc. wins

penalties,



l8£ Annovrcefltno quarroGEOUQir ir.	[175#.

p*uAltiea* Perfbns aggrieved by any by-la# may appeal 16 ffar quarter** teflioiw, Royalties of the river referved tg> the fords* £#c» No toll for plea* fure-boats. Commiflion of (eweus not abridged by this a61. Boat>mafter asriWerabto for damages done by his boat or cre\^. Julfice to inquire into, and order tbe reeompence. Pettalty of obftfuftrng the' paffarge oforftef vo&b, orof the opening or (boning the locks,.Penalty oh water* men carrying a gun or net to fowl or fifti with. Application of the feiture, «c. Perfons aggrieved by the order of any juftice, may appeal to the feffions:	Order	dt t he* juftices not removekble by CVrfwrari. tio

order of the commifiioners to beqtnfhed for want* of form. Commlfli* oners may borrow money on the colist

CAP. XX.

Att aft* fir repairing and widening the road from Prefton to Lancafter, aitd^ffom thence to a place called Heiring Syke, that divides the counties of Lancafter and Weftmorland. Certain tolls granted for ax yean.

CAP. XXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffcd in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, Fbr repairing and amend* rngtbe federal roads leading frent Wood/bck through Klddingpon and Enjbnt toKoQrigbt Lanes send from Enjfaw Bridge to KtdJington aforefiudr in the county of Oxford-, and for matting the said aft more effectual. fbe ad ' 3 Oeot a. c. ax continued for ai years, &t.

CAP. XXII.

An act for exphnning and amending fo mdch of an aft pa/Ted in the four* tecnth year of the reign of his present Majesty for the repairing and enlarging the roads from the town of Selby in the weft riding of the county of York, to the to wn of Leeds $ and from; thence, in two feve-ral branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and. Wibfcy, to the tdwn of Halifax in the fame riding, as relates to that part of turfaid roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the road from TadcaftCr in the (aid weft* riding, over Bramham Moor through Kid hall Lane, over Win. Moor, and-through Seacroft to a place called Halton Dyal, where it comes into the above,* said road, between Selby and Leeds. 7he ad 14 Geo* %, c, 3a. contmued fbr 21 years, and amended.	,

CAP. XXIII.

An act far regulating the commencement of, the year; and for correfling the calendar now in ufe.

Amended by W HEREAs^	legal fupp the year of our Lord in

*$Geo.2.c.3o.	that part of Great Britain called Engl and y according to

which the year begimeth on the twenty-fifth day of Mafch, hath been fiund bf experience to be attended with divers inconvenietfcies, not only as it differs from the ufage of neighbouring nations, hut also from the legal method of computation in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and from the common ufage throughout the whole kingdom* and thereby frequent .mrflakes are occafioned in the dates of ‘deeds, and other writings, and dijputei arise therefrom: and whereas the calen dor now in ufe throughout sill bis Mdjejly's BritiA* dominions, eom-mnly called TheJuHan Calendar} hath1 bee# deftovered tb be erro-neousi by means whereof the vtmnl orfpring equinox, which at the time of the general council office in tie year of our Lord three hundred-and twentyrfive, happened on or about* the twenty-firfiday^ of March* um^f^-on^mntLorto^tb dajhof tfoftme immtb^

%	uni

I75X-] Anno vicefimo quaita Georgii II. c.23^

and the fold error is fill increafing, and if not remedied, would, in procefs of time, occafion the J'everal equinoxes and foljlices to fall at* very different times in the civil year from what they formerly did, which might Und to mijlead per fans ignorant of the said alteration : and whereas a method of correcting the calendar in Juch manner, as that the equinoxes and foljlices may for the future fall nearly on the> fame nominal days, on which the fame happened at the time of the said general council, hath been received and ejlablijhed, and is now generally praClifed by almojl all other nations of Europe : and whereas it will be of general convenience to merchants, and other persons cor-refpotiding with other nations and countries, and tend to prevent mif-takes and difputes in or concerning the dates of letters, and accounts, if the like correction be received and ejiablijbed in his Majesty s dominions : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enatfted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and, temporal and commons in this present parliament alTcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That in and throughout all The old fup-his Majesty’s dominions and countries i\\ Europe, Afea, Putat,onotthe and America, belonging or fubjeft to the crown of Great Bri- ^mnd^ufc tain, the said fupputation, according to which the year of our 0f afrtei Dec. Lord beginneth on the twenty-fifth day of March, (lull not be 1751. made ufe of from and after the laft day of December one thou-fand lcven hundred and fifty-one; and that the first day of Ja- \ ear tofCOTJ\T nuary next following the said laft day of Decembir lhall be rec- future,’1C koned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the first day of the Jau. year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and the first day of January, which shall happen next after tlte said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall be reckoned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the, first day of the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; and fo on, from time to time, the first day of Ja-^ tiuary in every year,which shall happen in time to come, shall be reckoned, taken, deemed and accounted to be the first day of the year, and that each new year shall accordingly commence, and begin to be reckoned, from the first day of every such month . of January next preceding the twenty-fifth day of March, on which such year would, according to the present fupputation. The days to be have begun or commenced : and that from and after the said until 2? first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two. Sept. 17525 the lcveral days of each month shall go on, and be reckoned and the day and numbered in the fame order; and the fcaft of Eajler, and Allowing to other moveable feafts thereon depending, shall be afeertained ac- ^ Sept^omit-cording to the fame method, as they now are, until the fecond ting 11 days, day of September in the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two inclufive; and that the natural day next immediately following the said fecond day of September, shall be called, reckoned and accounted, to be the fourteenth day of September, 4 omitting for that time only the eleven intermediate nominal days* of the common calendar; and that the feverai natural days,» y/lpck shall follow and fucceed next after the said fourteenth,

 L^ooQLe

I$8	Anno

dfytrf September, Ihalf be refpedtiv'ely Catted, ‘reckob^cJ and numbered forwards in hdmerical order From the fditf fourteenth day. efi September^ according to the order and {hccettlon of days no\yr tlftd mfhe present calendar, dnd that all a<5ts, deedi, writings, ' notes and other inftruments of what nature or kind foever, whether fecclefiaftical or civil, publick or private; which'ihalj be. Aiade, executed or figned, upon or after the laid first day otja~ y kitory one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, shall bear date, adrowJihgto the said new method of fuppbtation, and that thd Hilary and two fixed terms of faint Hilary and faint Michael, in that part or Michaelmas Great Britain called England, and the courts of great fefllbns ip. terms, and all the counties palatine, and in fVales> and also the courts of ge-^ldonThe* neral quarter-feflions and general sessions of the peace, and all fame nominal other courts of what nature or kind foever, whether civil, cri-v days.	minal or ecclefiaftical, and all meetings and aflemblies of ?qy k

bodies politick or corporate, either for the election of any cers or members thereof, or for any such officers entering upopt the execution of their refpedtive offices, or for any other pur-, pofe whatsoever, which by any law, ftatute, charter, cuftom or. ufage within this kingdom, or within any other the dominions, or countries fubjedt or belonging to the crown of Great Britain, sre to be holden and kept 6n any fixed or certain day of any . Courts held month, of on any day depending Upon the beginning, or any with fairs or certain day of any month (except such courts a£ are ufuatly, nartsexcept- h6]den or kept wjtfj any fairs or marts) (hall, from time totim<^‘ frota and after the said fecond day of September, be holden and, kept upon or according to the fame refpe<5tivC nominal days pq$ times, whereon or according to which the fame su^e now to be holden, but which shall be computed according to the said new method of numbering and reckoning the days of the cafenqaf as aforesaid; that is to fay, eleven days fooner than the refpe^tjyp days whereon the fame are now holden and kept 5 any law, ftar tute, charter, cuftom or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife fiotwithftanding.

Hundredth II. And for the continuing and preferving the calendar or years, except method of reckoning, and computing the days of the year in the rthhe ^ame reguIar cour^e> as near as may be, in all times coming; common yeut. ** further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several of 365 days, years of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred, one thousand nine hundred, two thousand one hundred, two thousand two hundred, two thousand three hundred, or any other hundredth, years of our Lord, which shall happen in time to come, except; only every fourth hundredth year of our Lord, whereof the year* of our Lord two thousand shall be the firft, shall not beefteemed Years biflex- or taken to * be biffextile or leap years, but shall be taken to be tile of 366	common years, confiding of three hundred and fixty-five d‘ays,|.

;	and no more; and that the years of our Lord, two thoufand,'

two thousand four hundred, two thousand eight hundred, ana every other fourth hundred year of our Lord, from the said year1 t>f our Lord two thousand ihcluftve, and alto all other years of pur Lord, which by the prefeht fupputatron arc efteemed fo bev



I751*) Anno vkdimo quarto Georgii II. c. 23.	189

biflextile or leap years* shall for the future* and in all times to come, be efteetned and taken to be biffextile or leap years, con-lifting of three hundred and fixty-fix days, in.the. fame fort and manner as is now ufed with refpelt to every fourth year of oar Lord.	-

Jit. And whereas according to the rule prefixed to the book of com* mon prayer, of the chunk of England, Eafter-day is always the fir ft Sunday after the firjl full moon which happens next after the one and twentieth day of March, and if the full moon happens upon a Sunday,

Eafter-day is the Sunday after ; which rule was made in conformity to the decree of the f aid general council <?/ Nice, for the celebration of the said feaft of Eafter : and whereas the method of computing the full moons now ufed in the church of England, and according to which the table to find Eafter for ever, prefixed to the said book of common prayer, is formed, is by procefs of time become confidtrably	•	>

erroneous: and whereas a calendar, andalfo certain tables and rules for the fixing the true time of the celebration of the said feaft of Eafter, and the finding the times of the full moons on which the fame de* pendeth, fo as the fame Jball agree as marly as, may be with the decree of the said general councily and alfa with the praft ice of foreign countries, have been prepared, and are hereunto annexed ; be it there- Eafter and thq fore further cnalted by the authority aforesaid, That the said other move-feaft of Eafter, or any of the moveable feafts thereon depending* able teafts,, to (hall, from and after the said fecond day of September benQ^^J?^^ longer kept or obferved in that part of Great Britain called Eng* the new ca-landy or in any other the dominions or countries fubjelt or be- lendar* tables longing to the crown of Great Britain according to the (aid me- and rulc8# thod of fupputation now ufed, or the said table prefixed to the said book of common prayer; and that the said table, and alia jthe column of golden numbers, as they are now prefixed to the refpdtive days of the month in the laid calendar, lhali be left out in all future editions of the said book of common prayer; and that the said new calendar, tables and rules, hereunto annexed?> lhali be prefixed to all such future editions of the laid book, in the room and (lead thereof; and that from and after the said fecond day of September, all and every the fixed feaft days, holy- Fealband &1U days and fad-days, which are now kept and obferved by the ** ac; church of England, and also the several folemn days of thankf-giving, and of fading and humiliation, which by virtue of any alt of .parliament now in being, are, from time to time, to be kept and obferved, shall be kept and obferved on the refpeltive days marked for the celebration of the lame in the said new calendar; that is to fay, on the fame relpeltive nominal days on which the fame are now kept and obferved; but which according to the alteration by this alt intended to be made as aforesaid, will happen eleven days fooner than the lame now do; and that the said feaft of Eafter, and all other moveable feafts thereoa depending, lhali, from time to time, be obferved and celebrated according to the said new calendar, tables and rules hereunto annexed, in that part of Great Britain called England, and irv all the dominions and countries afotefaid* wherein the liturgy of



. Antto vicfefimo qtWrtttGt?c'RGii tl.	f	tygtt

*he cteunch of Englandt»w is, Or hereafter shall bfc tifed, and that the two moveable terms of Eajfor and Trinity * antfall courts Of Whatnatureor kind foevdr, and ail meetings "and ilfemblibs <tf any bodies politick or corporate, and4 all markets, tab's arid marts, and courts thereunto belonging, which bv arty fctfe, charter, cuftom orbfirge are appointed, tolfett or accuflorded So be holden and kept at any moveable time OV times dbpefrtdifftj upon the time of Eqfter, or any other furfi moveable (pftra *-forefaki, (hall, from time to time, from and after ttiewd fttobrid day of September, be holden and kept on filch days and times whereon the fame ftiaH refpe&ivelv happen or fail, according to the happening or failing of the faia feaft tsf Eo/ler, otfudh other moveable feafts as aforesaid, to be computed according 'to the feid new calendar, tables and rules.

Courts of fefli- IV. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforesaid, That on and exche- the feverai meetings of the court of feflion, and tertns fixed fbr land and mar- t*jex<H1It °f Exchequer in Scotland, the April meeting'of the go-kets,* fairs and vemor, bailiffs and commonalty of the company of ccmfaVatbrs marts to be of the great level of the fens, arid the holding and keeping of held upon the all markets, fairs and marts, whether for the (ale of goods or fame natural wtde, or for the hiring of fervants, or for any other putpofe,

#	which are either fixed to certairi nominal days of the month, Or

dependingupon the beginning, orany certain day Of any month, and* all courts incident or belonging to, or ufually holden or kept with any such fairs Or marts, fixed to such certain timfcsas iftitt-find, shall not, from and after the feid fecond day of September, be continued upon, or according to the nominal days Of thb month, or the time of the beginning of any month, tbbeeofti* puled according to the said new calendar, but that from and after the said fecond day of September, the said courts of feffiem and exchequer, the said April meeting, and all such markets, flics and marts as aforesaid, and all courts incident or belonging thereto, shall be holden and kept upon, or according to the famd natural days, upon or according to which the fame fhould have been fo kept or holden, in cafe this act had not been made; that is to fay, eleven days later than the fame would have hapa pened, according to the nominal days of the said new fupputa-tion of time, by which the commencement of each month, and the nominal days thereof, are anticipated or brought forward, by the space of eleven days; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

,V. And whereas; according to divers cttjioms, prefer options and ttfages, iri certain places within this kingdom, certain lands and grounds are, on particular nominal days and times in the year, to be. opened for common of pajlure, and other purpofes; and at other times, the owners and occupiers of such lands and grounds have a right to imlofe or Jhut up the fame, for their own private ufe\ and there is, he many other inflames, a temporary and diftinft property and right vefltd indifferent ferfons, in and to many such lands and grounds, according to certain nominal days and times in the year: and whereas the anticipating or bringing forward the said nominal days and times, by the

 L,ooQle

\	•}	<G$PK<?U	II.	£.	*3*	ipf

fpW:of elfvep, dMk:A$wtiHg the	mtht4 ofjMppuUtwt*

wight beattftfUf wuhy wqny incotpuenienui > be it therefore further dj^red, prpvidpa gpd.eAa<5lcd by thgc authority aforcfeid, TU»t Thc bmc> ^pth,ing ia xhijS:a^ contained (ball qttend, or he confirmed to ^feno, to\acpeleratp or qntipip.ate tlie days or	for	the	commons, not

downing, fncloling fitting up any fqch lands or grounds as altered, stta^efeijd, or the cfey* pr tijnes on which any such temporary or <pljp£t prpp^rty/jr right in or to any such lands pr grounds as af^fcip jf jo commence; but that all such lands and grounds a^ajor^id flaaU, from and after the f?id fccond dav of September^ be* fnpm tiw tp time, r^peilively opened^ inclofed or (hut upland (qdi temporary and difiinil property and right in and to fucbrlaoos and grounds as aforesaid, shall commence and begin upon the fame natural days and times on which the feme mould have been fo refpeitively opened, inclofed or (hut up* or \yppjd Jiave commenced or begun, in cafe this ad had not been ppade^ tjiat is tp fey, eleven days later than the fame would b$ye happened, according to the said new account and fupputa* tidn of timq, .fo tp begin on the said fourteenth day of September as aforefeid.

VL Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and cn- ximesof pay-ailed, That nothing in this present ail contained shall extend, ment of rents, or be conftrued to extend, to accelerate or anticipate the time annuities, See. of pay ment of any rent or rents* annuity or annuities or Turn pf lluns of money whatsoever, which (ball become payable by virtue or in cpnfeqpenqe of any euftqua, pfage,Jeafe, deed* writing. bqnd> note, contrail or other agreement whuffpever, now fub-fifting, or which (he)l be made, figned, fealed or entered into, at any time before the said fourteenth day of September, pr which shall become payable by virtue of any ail or ails of parliament now in force, or which shall be made before the said fourteenth day of September, or the time of doing any matter or thing directed or required by any such ait or aits of parliament to be done in relation thereto; or to accelerate the payment of, or in- or of delivery creafe the interest of, any such sum of money which shall be-of goods, come payable as aforesaid ; or to accelerate the time of the delivery of any goods, chattels, wares, merchandize or other things whatsoever; or the time of the commencement, expiration or Commence-, determination of any leafe or demife of any lands, tenements ™tion°ofXp1-or hereditaments or of any other contrail or agreement what- teafes, &c. foever; or of the accepting, furrendering or delivering up the poflefiion of any such lands, tenements or hereditaments; or the commencement, expiration or determination of any annuity or rent; or of any grant for any term of years, of what nature or kind foever, by virtue or in confequence of any such deed, writing, contrail or agreement; or the time of the attaining the 0r of attaining age of one and twenty years, or any other age requifite by any the age of »i law* cuftom or ufage, deed, will or writing whatsoever, for the years, &c. not doing any ail, or for any other purpose whatsoever, by any per- altcrc<**

(bn or persons now born, or who (nail be born before the said fourteenth day of September; or the time of the expiration or

deter-

5

 L-ooQle

Anno viceGmo quarto Geokgii II. c. 23.	f ,73I*

determination of any apprenticefhip, or other service, by virtue of any indenture, or of any articles under feal, or by reason of any fimple contract or hiring whatsoever; but that all and every such rent and rents, annuity and annuities, fum and fums of money, and theintereft thereof, shall remain and continue to be due and payable; and the delivery of such goods and chattels, wares and merchandize, shall be made; and the said Ieafes and demifes of all such lands, tenements and hereditaments, and the said contrails and agreements, shall be deemed to commence, expire and determine; and the laid lands, tenements and hereditaments shall be accepted, furrendered and delivered up; and the said rents and annuities, and grants for any term of years, shall commence, ceafe and determine, at and upon the fame re-fpeilive natural days and times, as the fame fhould -and ought to have been payable or made, or would have happened, in cafe this ail had not been made; and that no further or other fum shall be paid or payable for the interest of any fumi of money whatsoever, than such interest shall amount unto, for the true number of natural days for which the principal fum bearing such interest shall continue due and unpaid ; and that no person or persons whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to have attained the said age of one and twenty years, or any other such age as* aforesaid, or to have completed the time of any such  service as aforesaid, until the full number of years and days shall be elapf-ed on which such person or persons refpeilively would have attained such age, or would have completed the rime of such  service as aforesaid, in cafe this ail had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

/

/

The





The'New	Cakndar y Tables and , mentioned and	refers

- -to in the A6bfor regulating the	of	the	Tea

~ and for	corteSling the Calendar	now in' Ufe.

JANUARY hath xxxi Days.

	MORNING	EVENING
>IIC l	PRAYER.	PRAYER.

	'mi	v *
1	A	Calends
2	b	4 Non.
3	c	3 Non.
4	d	Pr. Non.
5	e	Non*
6	f	8 Id.
7	g	7 Id.
8	A	6 Id.
9	b	5 Id.
10  11	c  d	4 Id. 3 Id.
12	e	Pr. Id.
*3  H	f	Idus.
	Or	19C. Fb.
	O	
15	A	18 Cal.
16	b	17 Cal.
17	c	16 Cal.
18	d	15 Cal.
l9	e	14 Cal.
20	f	13 Cal.
21	g	12 Cal.
22	A	11 Cal.
23	b	10 Cal.
24	c	9 Cal.
25	d	8 Cal.
26	e	7 Cal.
27	f	6 Cal.
28	g	5 CaI-
29	A	4 Cal.
3°	b	3 Cal.
31	c	Pr. Cal.

Circumcifion.

Lucian?. &M

Hilary,B.&C

-Genefis

Epiphany.

Prifca,V.&M

FabianB.&M. AgnesV.&M. Vincent, M.

i LefTon

- 9 ~l3 -15

-17

-19

-21

-23

Converfion of

- (	S .

K.CharlesNl&r

-27

-29

“31

-33

-35

-3S

-40

-42i

“44(

-46:

2 LefTon i LefTon

Matth. i!Genefis2

-48

■50

Exodus 2

4

6

---t

2

3

4

Rom. - j ---- 2

-	5

-	6

“ 7

-	S

-	9

-io -11

-12

-!3

"I4j

-15

-x6

-17

-xS

-19

-2d

-21

-22

-12

-14

-16

-18

-20

-22

-24

-26

-28

"3°

-32

-34

-37

-39

-41

-43

“45

"47

2 LefTon

J

4

-23

-24

-25

-26

-27

-28

—49

Exodus 1

—	5

—	6

—	7

—	8

—	9 —10

—11

—12

—*3

—14

—	*5 —16

xCor.-i

—	2

~ 3

—	4

5

—	6

' 7

-	S

-	9

-10

-11

-12

Note, that • Exodus 6, is to be read only to ver. 14.

Vox,. XX.

FEB

>94 Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII II. C.23*	fI75,#

The Calendar, with the Table of Leflons.						
FEBRUARY hath xxviiiDays; And in every Leap-year xxix Days.						
			MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
1	d  2	e  3	f  4	S  5	A  6	b  7	^  8	d  9	5  TO I  11	g  12	/  *3 1  14	<  15	c  16	<  17	1  18	« 19^  20  21  22	1  23  24  25  26 27!  28  29	Calends -4 Non. i  3	Non. ! Pr. Non. Nona;  8 Id.  7 Id.. 1 6 Id.  Id.  4	Id.  5 3 Id-i Pr. Id.  ) Idus.  : i6C.Mr. 1 15 Cal.  ; 14 Cal. f 13 Cal.  5 12 Cal.  \ 11 Cal. b 10 Cal. c 9 Cal. d 8 Cal. e 7 Cal. f 6 Cal. g 5 Cal. A 4 Cal. b 3 Cal', c Pr. Cal.		Faft.  Pur if. of V. Mary llamas,B-& M.	1 Lefion Exod. 10	2 Lefion Mark -1	1 Lefion Exod. 11	2 Lefion 1 Cor. 13
				- O	- T O	14  - f r
			— X z.	3		13		15  - T
		Agatha,V.&M.	*4	4	l5			 I O  2 Cor.—i
			1 ft	5  . c	■ !7	
			rt		~l9	
			n a	7  - 0				 3
			A	0	z3	4
			24	9	■ -32	5  _		 c
			r 33 Lev.-i8			10	T ^  Lev.-19  A k	'— 0
							 7  		 0
			Num. 11		Num. 12	——— ©
				13  T rl		_ _ ^  — t r\
			l3	-I4	-14	I v  - T X
				*5  T A	*7	1 I
				LU.1./039  i.wr.39		
					23	■ l3  Gal. —1
			24		25	
			27	—			 2	3°	
			31	3	32	3
			35  Deut.- 1	4	^ 3b Deut.-2	4
		Faft		5 - £		5  	 6
			3		4	Ephef.-i  _____ 0
				7  0	c	
			5		0	
			7	9		
			9		) 10	■ 1 ■— 4
				Matth. 7		______ ^  Rom. 12
			*3		— 11	
						

MARCH

MARCH hath xxxi Days.

	MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
David, A.Bp.  Chia Rn	1 Lefibn Deut. it	2Lellon  ; Luke-12	1 Leflon Deut. 1 (  - C	11 2 Leilon >Ephef 6 Philip. 1
V^fldU, Dp.———	f5	l3	■ I C	
	19	• ■ r it	A f%	
		15		3
		I O	■5	Coioir. t
Perpetua, M.-	to	*7  1 n	27  A.	
	i 0	10	■■29	
	3°	l9	31	3  	» j
	32	"" 'ZO	r n 33  jolhua 1	1 Thef. 1
	3 4  Jolhua 2	2 I		
GregoryM.B.		2 Z	' 3	/s
	4  fi	2.^	' 5	3
		 P	24  John— 1	... 7	4
	" O		9	5  2 Thef. 1 * «
	■■ IU	2	23  Judges i	
t	Judges 2	" 3		
|Ed.K.W.Sax.  1		4	“ 3	3  1 Tim. 1
	4	5  £		
1 _ j	oi	:			7  —-—*— ^	3  i 1
Benedict, Abb.	° / * Q		.... 9	4  - - - - -- W
				1 r - r 5 6
		9	*3	2 Tim. 1
		14  - T fi	' 1 u		
/bmunciationof■ — (V A/l/jrv		I 1	1 /	
	. O .	■ 1 2 ■	T ^	3  - A
( r . jviary. ■		*3	*9	4  Titus - r  ———7 2
	fvUfh — T ■	*4  T r	<uth—2-  - .	
	LVUvll I	*5  f		^hilem. hlebr.-r 	2
		IU	4  [Sam. 2  4	
	I OaliJ. I  3'	ly  	iSL		

	I	d	Calendar
	2	e	6 Non.
	3	f	5 Non.
	4	•g	4 Non.
	5	A	3 Non.
	6	b	Pr. Non.
	7	c	Nonas
	8	d	8 Id.
	9	e	7 Id.
	IC	f	6 Id.
	11	g	5 Id.
	12	A	4 Id.
	J3	b	3 Id.
	H	c	Pr. Id.
	15	d	Idus.
	16	e	i7C.Ap.
	17	f	[6 Cal.
	18	g	15 Cal. |
	19	A	.4 Cal. [
	20	b	,3 Cal.
*4	21	c	12 Cal. .
3	22	d	11 Cal.
	2 3	e	to Cal. ■
11	24	f	9 Cal. ■
	25	g	8 Cd. .
l9	26	A	7 Cal. ■
8	27	b	6 Cal. ■
	28	c	5 Cal. .
(6	29	d	4 Cal. •
5	30	e	3 Cal. -
	31	f	Pr. Cal. ■

The Numbers here prefixed to the several Days, between the Twenty-firft Day of Marck, and thd Eighteenth Dayo{April, both inclufive; denote the Days upon which rhofe Full Moons do fall, which happen upon or next after the Twcnty-firft Day of March, in t Ik fie Years, of which they are refpc&ivcly the Golden Numbers; and the Sunday-Letter next following any such Full

Moon 02

02

APRIL hath xxx Days.

	MORNING	EVENING
	PRAYER.	PRAYER.

13

2

I O

18

7

15

4 12

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

• 3

14

15

16

1717

618

19

20

21

22

n

F24

25

26

27

28

b c d

e

f

g A b c d e f

g A b c d e f

29 g

3°!A

Calendx 4. Non.

3 Non. Pr. Non. Nona;

3 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

A 5 Id.

4. Id.

} Id.

Pr. Id. Idus. i8C.M»' 17 Cal. 16 Cal.

15 Cal. 14 Cal.

13 Cal. 12 Cal.

11 Cal 10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

4 Cal.

3 Cal. Pr. Cal.

Richard, Bp.-S.Ambrofe, B.

LefTon 2 LefTon 1 Leflbn i Sam. 5 John-19 1 Sam. 6

20

21

Alphege,A.B

S. George, M.

S.Mark Evan.

------ /

------ 9

------11

------13

------15

------17

------19

------21

------2 3

------25

------27

------29

------31

2 Sam. 2

------ 4

------ 6

- 8

-10

-12

-14

-16

-18

-20

------22

—24 1 Kings 2

------ 4

------ 6

A<fts—1

2

3

4 5-

6l

7

8

9

'IO

-11 -12 -1.3 -14 -15

-16 -17 -18 -19

-20 -21

-22 -2 3 -24 -25

-26

-27

8

-10

-12

-l6

-l8

-20

-22

2 LefTon Hebr. -3

---- 4

---- 5

---- 6

-24

-26-

-2

------30

2 Sam. 1

- 9 -11

-13

-15

-1

-19

-21

------23

1 Kings 1

------ 3-

------ 5-

' 7 - 8

- 9 -10 -11 -12

8 James-1

2

3

4

5

7 1 Perer 1

7 2 Peter 1

x John 1

2, 3 John

Met'n, points out Rafter-Hay for thar Year. All which holds until the Year of our Lord 1899 in cluGve : after which Year, the Places of thefe Golden Numbers will be to be changed, as is here alter exprelRd.

MAY

MAY hath xxxi Days.

	MORNING	EVENING
	PRAYER.	PRAYER.

c

d

e

f 6g

7*

8

c

d

e

f

g

A

b

c

d

e

f

g

A

b

c d e f

cr

O

9

10

11

12

>3

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

*7

28	A

29

3°

I31

Inv.oftheCrofs.

John Port. Lat.

Calends- S.Pbilip&cJatm

6	Non.

5	Non.

4	Non.

3 Non.

Pr. Non.

Nonx*

8 Id.

7	Id.

6	Id.

5	W.

+ Id.

3 Id.

Pr. Id.

Idus. i7C.Jun 16 Cal.

1 4 Cal.

. + Cal 12 Cal.

I	2 Cal.

II	Cal.

10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6 Cal.

5 Cal.

4 Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

Dunltan, A. B.

Auguftin, A.B. Yen. Bede, Pr.

K.CWwII.N.

------(&R.

1 Lefion

1 Kings 8

------ic

------12

------14

------16

------18

------20

------22

2 Kings 2

------ 4

------ 6

---- 8

----ic

----12

----M

----16

----18

----2C

----22

----24

Ezra - 1

---- 4

---- 6

Nell. - 2

------- 5

------- 8

-10

Either-1

2 Lefion 1 Lefion

Afts-28 Matth. 1 ----- 2

----- 3

------ 4

------ 5

------ 6

' /

-	S

-	9 -10

-11

-12

-13

-14

~15

-16

-17

-18

-19

-20

-21

-22

-2

-24

-25

-26

2 7 —28 3 Mark-r

1 Kings 9

------11

------13

------*5

----17

----10

----21

2 Kings 1

---- 3

---- c

---- 7

---- c

----11

----«3

----if

----‘7

----*9

----21

----23

----25

Ezra—3

---- A

3 Nch.

/

-	1

~ 4'

-	t

-12

Efther-2

2Leflon

Jude-----

Rom. -1

-	2

’ 3

-	4

-	5

-	6

’ 7

- 8

- 9

-10

-11

-12

"r3

■H

•15

-16

1 Cor. -1

------ 2

---- 3

---- 4

---- 5

---- 6

---- 7

---- 8

---- 9

-----10

----11

-----12

-----*3

-----14-

O3

JUN£

The Calendar, with the Table of Leffons.							
JUNE hath xxx Days.							
				MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16 i?  18  19  2C  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29 3C	e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f	Calendar  4	Non.  3 Non. Pr. Non. NonsB  3 Id.  7 Id.  6 Id.  5	Id. *Id.  3 Id. dr. Id. Idus. i8C.Jul 17 Cal. (6 Cal. 15 Cal. (4 Cal. 13 Cal. t2 Cal. ti Cal. 10 Cal.  9 Cal.  8 Cal.  7 Cal.  6 Cal.  5 Cal.  4 Cal.  3 Cal.  Pr. Cal.	Nicomede, M.	1 Leflbn Efther-5	2 LelTon Mark-2	i Leflon Efther-6  . - n	2 Leflbn fCor.  	-^.4
				1 7	3	* O  Job— 1	1	1U  2	Cor. “i
				y  job	2	4		
			Boniface, B.M.		5	3		3
				4		f 5	
				ft	— 7 0	7			 4
						9	
					9		
					t T	l3	7  	 0
			S.Barnabas,Ap.	*4	A X	' r5	
						!7->i8	
							9
				1 9	*3	/% /1	
						- 0 i /i r*	
				- - 23	*5  if	24>2 5 - 9	
			3. Alban, M. -	- - zo, 27	Luke-1	* 2o	jj  Col -T
				29		■ 30	VJ<U." 1
				31		32	
			Tr. of K. Edw.	33	3	34 	c	3
				35	4	3°	4
				3/	5	3°	5
			Faft	39	. _ A*		 4°	Ephef-i
			X (Ul.  S .JobnBaptiJi			41	7	42	
				Prov. -1	0	Prov. -2	— O
					A		- dm  	 - A
				3	9	4  *	
			Fad	5  *		0	■	 4  - - r*
			S. Peter, A poll.	1				 O
					... .. 1 ^	- ♦ A		/>
				9			V/
							

JULY



*99

The Calendar, with the Table of Leflons.

JULY hath xxxi Days.							
				MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  3°  31	g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  Or  D  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b	Calendar  6	Non.  5	Non.  4	Non.  3	Non. Pr. Non. Nona:  8	Id.  7	Id.  6	Id.  5	Id.  4	Id.  3	Id.  Pr. Id. Idus. i7C.Au* 16 Cal.  15 Cal. 14 Cal. 13 Cal.  12 Cal.  11 Cal. 10 Cal.  9	Cal.  8 Cal.  7 Cal.  6	Cal.  5 Cal.  4	Cal.  3 Cal.  Pr. Cal.		i Leflon Prov. 11	2 Leflon Luke 13	1 Leflon Prov. 12	2 Leflon Philip. 1
			Vifitat.ofV.M.				
				*3	*4	*4	
			Tr. of Mart. B.	15	l5  - z'	10  r ft	3
				l7		I O	4  Coloff. 1
					r9	l7  * 0	40	
						 "i0	4 2	
				23	*9	24	3
				25		20  ,,0	1 Thef. 1
				27	21	2 0	
				29  Ecclcf. 1		Ecclef.'5 2	
					23		3
				3	-■■24 John - 1	4  <	4
				5		0  0	2 Thef. 1
			Swithun, B.Tr	1		r 0	
				9	3	■■■io	
				11  Jcr. — 1	4	Ter — 0	1 Tim. 1  ... .9. 5
					5  2	J CI . z	
				n 3		4  p	J
			Marg. V.&M.	5	7  » 0		4
				7	0		D  		 6
			S. Mary Magd.	9	9		2 Tim. 1 	2
				11	10		
			Fifi-	1 i	11	—-14	1 ■ ■ 2
			S.James, A port. S Anne	■ -15			0
					*3	iS	Titus — 1  	2,3  Philem. Hcbr.-i — 2
				x7	*4		
				*9		*5		
				2 I  ... O A	I U  T H		
				23	l7  10		
					^25					— 2
			CJ				5
							

O4	AUGUST



/

AUGUST hath xxxi Days.

MORNING

PRAYER.

EVENING

PRAYER.

I c	Calendse I
2 d	4 Non. -
3 e	3 Non. -
4 f	Pr. Non.-
5 g	Nona;
6 A	8 Id. 1
7 b	7 Id. t
8 c	6 Id. -
9	5 W. -
0 e	4 Id. S
1 f	3 Id. -
2 g	Pr. Id. -
3 A	Idus.
4 b	iqCoScp1-
5 c	18 Cal. -
6 d	17 Cal. -
7 e	16 Cal. -
8 f	15 Cal. -
9 g	14 Cal. -
0 A	13 Cal. -
1 b	12 Cal. -
2 c	11 Cal. -
3 d	ioCal. -
4 c	9 Cal. 3
5 f	8 Cal. -
6 g	7 Cal. -
7 A	6 Cal. -
8 b	5 Cal. S
9 c	4 Cal. S
a d	3 Cal. -
1	Pr. Cal. -

1 Lefion 2 Lcfion

2,3 John

Jude----

13 Rom. -1

SEP-

The Calendar, with the Table of LefTons. SEPTEMBER hath xxx Days.

MORNING

PRAYER.

EVENING

PRAYER.

OCTOBER

toft	Annd	vieeOmd	quarto	GEOftoii	II.	C.23.

The Calendar, with the Table of Leflons.							
OCTOBER hath xxxi Days.							
				MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  IC  11  12  13  H  15  16  «7  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  2 5  26  27  28  29  30  hi	A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  c  f  or  O  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c	Calenda?  6	Non.  5	Non.  4	Non.  3	Non. Fr. Non. Nonae  8 Id.  7	Id.  6	Id.  5	Id.  4	Id.  3 Id.  Pr. Id. Idus.  17C. N0’ 16 Cal.  15 Cal. 14 Cal. 13 Cal.  12 Cal.  11 Cal. io Cal.  9 Cal.  8 Cal.  7 Cal.  6 Cal.  5 Cal.  4 Cal.  3 Cal. Pr. Cal.	Remigius, Bp.-	i LeflTon Tob. - 7	2Leflon Mark -4	1 Ldlon Tob. - 8	2Leflon  1	Cor. 16  2	Cor.-1
				9	1 ""1 5		
						« j	- O
				" *3 Judith 1  3  r-	7  	0	■■-14  Judith 2  —1— 4 A	5
			Faith, V.&M.		0  —. 9		4*  	5  - t 6
				5		ft	
			S. Denys,B.M.	7  n	"" 1 "“I I		/  	 ff
				9	12	I vJ	— O
				__ _ t	x 3		IQ
				x3		14	I I
			Tr. of K. Edw.	I ^  Wifd. I	15  	16  Lu.r./c^  1 .ver.39  . . . **	Wifd. \ *		—12  	T O
				3		i	Gal. —i 	— 2
				5		0	
			Etheldreda,V. S. Luke.,Evang.	7				— 2
				9	3		
					4	* A	— c
					5		D  	6
				x3		* —14	Ephef. 1 	2
				x5	" 7  • - 0	Iv  rC	
				x7  f A	A*	Ecclu* 1	-— 2
				19  Eccl“* 2	9  f />		5  - A
			Prifnin IVlirt .		* 1	3  r	- *r - C
			V-IllplUj IVIiU t.	4		5  *-	2
			Fift	0	r ^	/	Philip. 1 - 2
			S. Simon Sc Jude.		x3	9	
					x4			7
				__ f A	x5		D
			FnfV				 x3		- 4.  CololT. 1
				' ' 1 44		Vi		
L . 								

NOV-



*75**] Anno vicelimo quarto Georqii II. c.aj.	203

The Calendar, with the Table of Leflons.							
NOVEMBER hath xxx Days.							
				MORNING  PRAYER.		EVENING  PRAYER.	
j  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  IC  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  ‘9  20  21  0 0	d  e  f  O-  O  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b  c  d  e  f  g  A  b	Calendar  4	Non.  3	Non. Pr. Non. Non*  8 Id.  7 Id.  6 Id.  5	Id.  4	Id.  3 Id.  Pr. Id. Idus. i8C.D'c 17 Cal.  16 Cal.  15 Cal. 14 Cal. 13 Cal. 12 Cal.  11 Cal. 10 Cal.  9 Cal.  8 Cal.  7 Cal. 6 Cal. 5 Cal. 4 Cal.  3 Cal. Pr. Cal.	/#/	i Lefion	2 Leflon	I Leffon	2 Leflon
				Ecd"’ 16 ,o	Luke-18	Ecclu* 17	Coloflf. 2
							
				■ 1 0	l9	l9	3
			Papijis Confpir.		zu		1 Thef. ?
						23  -- ♦ ty	
				24	■" zz		 25  	oQ	1 2
				z7	2 3		+ 3°	3
				29	z4  Tohn —i		“ 4
				31		3Z	2 Thef. 1
				33	■ Z	‘ 34	
				35	3	3°	
			Rririm R	37	4	J3	3  1 Tim. 1  		r\ a
			Ul 1UUU1	39	5  £	■ -4U  . i r»	
			Machutus, B. -	41	0	■■42		2,3
				43	7  0	44  -11 4	4
			Hugh, B. Line.	45	0	—1| 40  — ^ 0	5  — z
				47	9		40	u  2 Tim. j  — /)
				49	10	5°  Baruch 1	
			Edm. K. & M.	51  Baruch 2	■ 11		- Z
					12	3	3
			Cecilia,V.&M. S. Clement, B.	4  g	*3	Hid. Su5 Ifaiah -1	. — 4  Titus - 1  - - A n
23	e  24	f  *5, g 26 A .1 4 k				Bel & D. Ifaiah- 2	■ 1 -14		
					tumml5  T £		2,3  Philem.  Hebr.-i
						3  •*	
				‘ 4  z	17  T 9	5  **	
				0	I 0	7	
“t  28	c  rl				I 0	^ 9	3
			Fad	I O . ▼ /%	A) T	* A	- f
3°j e			1 ALL*  S. Andrew, Ap.		A c _ f	*3	— f
					ALLo	1		
Note, that *Ecclus 25. is to be read only to ver. 13. and f Eccln* 30. only to ver 18. and || Ecclu‘ 46. only to ver. 20.							

DI



DECEMBER hath xxxi Days.

MORNING

PRAYER.

EVENING

PRAYER.

I	f
2	g
3	A
4	b
5	c
6	d
7	e
8	f
9	g
10	A
11	b
12	c
13	d
14	e
15	f
16	g
»7	A
18	b
19	c
20	d
21	e
22	f
23	g
24	A
25	b
26	c
27	d
28	e
29	f
3°	g
31	A

Calenda;

4	Non.

3 Non. Pr. Non Nonas

8 Id.

7 Id.

6 Id.

5	Id.

+ Id.

3	W.

Pr. Id. Idus. ioC.J4". 18 Cal. 17 Cal. 16 Cal. 15 Cal. 14 Cal. 13 Cal. 12 Cal.

11 Cal. 10 Cal.

9 Cal.

8 Cal.

7 Cal.

6	Cal.

5 Cal.

4	Cal.

3 Cal.

Pr. Cal.

i Leffon Ilaiah 14

----16

----18

Nicolas, Bp.

Concep.ofVirg. -------(Mary.

Lucy, V. & M

O Sapientia.

--------Fad.

S .Thomas, Ap.

1-----------Fall:

Chrijhnas-S.Stephen,Nlzrt. S.Jobn, Evang. Innocents-Day.

Silvefter.B.-

-20, 21

----23

----2 5

----27

----29

---- 1

----33

----35

----37

----39

----41

----43

----45

----47

----49

----51

----53

-55

'57

-59

-61

-63

-65

2 Leffon Ads—2

---- 3

---- 4

---- 5‘

---- 6-

7. to V.10 7. v. 30 ------ 8

------ 9

------10

------11

------12

------*3

------14

------15

------16

------17

------18

------19

------20

------21

-------22

------23

------24

-25

-26

-27

-28

1 Leffon Ifaiah 15 -17

“>9

—22

-24

—26 —28 -30 -32

“34

-36

-38

-40

—42 ~44

-46

-48

-50 -52 -54

2 Leffon Heb. - 7 — 8

—	9

—10

—11

—12

James-1

—	2

—	3

“ 4

—	5

1	Peter 1

—	2

“ 3

—	4

—	5

2	Peter 1

—	2

-56

-58

-60

-62

-64

-66

ijohn 1 ----- 2

--- 3

--- 4

2 John -"John -J ude. —

Tables

TABLES and RULES for the Moveable and Immoveable FEASTS j together with the Days of Falling and Ab-ftinence, through the whole Year.

Rules to know when the Moveable Feafts and Holy-days begin.

Tf After-day (on which the reft depend) is always the First Sunday after the Full Moon, which happens upon, or next after the Twenty-firft Day of March. And if the Full Moon happens upon a Sunday, Eafttr day is the Sunday after.

Advent-Sunday is always the neareft Sunday to the Feaft of St. Andrew, whether before or after.

Seftuagefima Sexagefima Syanquagefima S^nadragefema Rogation Sunday Afcenfion-Day Whitfunday Trinity Sunday

{Nine 1

Seven fWeeks before Eafler. Six J f Five Weeks “J

(.Eight Weeks J

A Table of all the FEASTS that are to be obferved in the Church of England throughout the Year.

All Sundays in the Year.

("The Circumcifion of our Lord JESUS CHRIST.

The Epiphany.

The Converfion of S. Paul. The Purification of the BlefTed Virgin.

S. Matthias the Apoftle.

The Annunciation of the BlefTed Virgin.

S. Mark the Evangelift.

S.Phil. and S.Jam. the Apoftles. The Afcenfion of our Lord JESUS CHRIST.

S. Barnabas.

Monday and Tuefday in Eafter-Week.

The Nativity of S .John Baptift. S. Peter the Apoftle.

S. James the Apoftle.

S. Bartholomew the Apoftle.

S. Matthew the Apoftle.

S. Michael, and all Angels.

S. Luke the Evangelift.

S .Simon and S .Jude the Apoftles. All Saints.

S. Andrew the Apoftle.

S. Thomas the Apoftle.

The Nativity of our Lord.

S. Stephen the Martyr.

S. John the Evangelift.

^The Holy Innocents.

Mond. and Tuefd. in fVhitfun-VletV

Sr

Q

4>

JZ

H

A Table of the VIGILS, FASTS, and Days of Abflinence, to be obferved in the Year.

The Nativity of our Lord.

The Purification of the Blef-fed Virgin Mary.

The Annunciation of the Blef-Eafter-Day. (fed Virgin.

Afcenfion-Day.

Pentecoft. l^S. Matthias.

Note, That if any of theft Feafi-days fall upon a Monday, then the Vigil or Faft'dayJball he kept upon the Saturday, and not upon the Sunday next before it.

TheEvens or Vigils*< before

TheEvens or Vigils «< before '

S. John Baptift.

S. Peter.

S. James.

S. Bartholomew,

S. Matthew.

S. Sim. and S. Jude. S. Andrew. S.Thom. All Saints.

Days



20 6

Ando vlcefimo quarto Gforgii II. c. *3.	[1751;

t

Days of FaJHng or Jbjlinence.

I.	The Forty days of Lent.	f	I The Firft Sunday m Lent

II.	The Ember-days at the Four Seafim, belng-J *‘V" Ff*ft

UL The three Rogation days, being the Monday, €Tuefday> and Wfdmfday before JEfcA Tburfday, or the Afceufion of out LORD.

IV. All the Fridays in the Year, except Cbriftmas-Dcy.

Certain Solemn Days, for which particular Services are appointed.

I.	The Fifth Day of November, being the Day kept in Memory of the Papifts Confpiracy.

II.	The Thirtieth Day of January, being the Day kept m Memory of the Martyrdom of King Charles I.

III.	The Twenty-ninth Day of M^y, being the Day kept in Memory of the Birth and Return of King Charles II.

A TABLE to find E ASTER-DAY from the present Time, till the Year 1899 inclufive, according to the foregoing Calendar.

Golden  Number.	Day of the Month.	
14  S	March—	—SI —sa
11		
		
1		
		
		
16		
	- >ag	
5		
II	Anril_	M 1
		
%		
10		
		
18		
		
7	' 1 I	
	• *	
		
4	IO	
la		
		
I		
		
9		
*7		
		
6		
		
		
		
		
		
■		

Sunday

Letter.

C

D

fi

F

Q

A

B

C

T>

B

F

O

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

A

B

C

D

£

F

O

A

B

%

£

F

G

A

B

C

PnS Table contain* fo mvcb of the Gprien dar as is neceflaiy for the determining of Eefter j to find which, look for the Gulden Number of the Year in the Firii Column of the Table, aggind which (lands the Day of the Pafchal Full Moon; then look in the Third Column for the Sunday-Letter. next after the Day of the Full Moon, and the Day of the Month danohac against that Sunday-Letter is Eajler-day. If the Full Moon happens upon a Sunday, then (according to rhe ant Rule) the next Sunday after i« Ether-day.

To find the Golden Number, or Prune, add one to the Year of our Lord, and then divide by 19 j the Remainder, if any, is the Golden Number: but if nothing remained), then 19 is the Golden Number.

To find the Dominical or Sunday-Letter, according to the Calendar, until the Year 1799 inclusive, add to the Year of our Lord its Fourth Part, omitting Fractions, and also the number x: Divide the Sum by 7; and if thereis no Remainder, then A is the Sunday-Letter: But if any Number remaineth, then the Letter (landing again ft that Number in the final! annexed Table, is the Sunday-Letter.

For the next Century, that is, from the Year 1800 till the Year 1S99 inclufive, add to the current Year only its Fourth Part, and then divide by 7, and proceed as in the lad Rule.

Note, That in all Biflfextile or Leap-Years, the Letter found, as above, will be the Sunday-Letter from the intercalated Day exdafivc, to the Bad otihe Year.

0	A
1	G
a	F
I	E
4	D
5	C
6	B

Another





Another TABLE to find EASTER till the Year 1899 hiclufive.

Golden

Number.

I

II IU

IV

V

VI

VII

VIII

IX

X

XI

XII

XIII

XIV

XV

XVI

XVII

XVIII XIX

sunday-lettbus.

April 16 April 9 Mar. 26 April 16 April 2 April 23 April 9 April 2 April 16 Anril o Mar. 26 April 16 April 2 Mar. 26 April 16 April 2 April 23 April 9 April

P"f*0 make ufe of the preceding Table, find the Sunday-Letter for the JL Year in the Uppermoft Line, and the Golden Number, or Prime, in the Column of Golden Numbers, and again# the Prime, in the (amt Line under the Sunday-Letter, you have the Day of the Month on which Eafter falleth that Year. But Note, That the Name of the Month is fet on the Left Hand, or juft with the Figure, and followeth not, as in other Tables, by Defccnt, but Collateral.

A

 v^-ooQle

' 208

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGH II. [i

A TABLE of the Moveable Feasts for Fifty-two Years, according to the foregoing Calendar.

g-sn

r?

a.-1

• o

*75'

3

176

M I*

C I

4r

x a

’I

*77

*77<

177;

I77i

1$

1781

178a

«7*3

*7?'

178'

178(

a

1789

1790

1791 *79* *793 *794 *795 *79* *797 *79* *799

1800

1801

1802

1803

1804

; a		
	*5	G
\ s	6  ll	F  E
> 9		DC
1 *o	9	B
1 II	20	A
1 12	1	G
> *3	12	FE
[ 14	*3	D
1 *5 1 **	4  15	C  B
^ *Z i *8	26	AG
	«i	F
► 19		E
' I	0	D
* 2	11	CB
> 3	22	A
> 4	3	G
1 j 1*4 • ".‘J  t 7 5		ED  C
8  9	3	B  A
19	9	GF
11	20	E
12	1	D
*3	12	C
*4	*3	BA
U	4  15	G  F
*7	26	E
18	.1	DC
*9		B
1	0	A
2	11	G
3	22	FE
4	3	D
I	*4  *1  17	c  B
I		AG  F
9	28	E
10	9	D
11	20	CB
12	I	A
*3	12	G
*4	*3	F
*5	4	E
16	*5	D
ll	26	C
	7	B
*9	18	AG

	
Feb. 18  — IQ	Mar. 7 Feb. 27  n
Jan. 26 Feb. .j	
	Mar. 3 Feb.
Ton 7	
jan* ••  Feb. 11	20
Jan. il Feb. 7 Jan. 30 ■ Feb. 19	
	4  =3  Mar. 7 Feb* 20
Jan. Feb. 15 Jan. 3 i	
	Mar. 4 Feb. 17 	8
Feb. 11  ten		J3  Mar. 4  Ifi.3
Jan. 30 Feb. 12	
	Mar. 1 Feb. 21  xi
Jan. a$ Feb. 15 Jan. 31	
	Mar. 4 Feb. 17
	23  Feb. 11		j
Jan. 27 Feb. 16	- - i n
	Mar. 5 Feb. 25
Jan. 23 fcb. 12	
	. , g  Mar. 1 Feb. 21 	6
4	
Jan. 20 Feb. 8 J»n. 31 Feb. 20	* r
	z5
	*7  Mar. 9 • Feb. 22 ■  	T, ]
Jan. *7 Feb. 16	
	*3 J Mar. c Feb. 18 .  j
Jan. H Feb. 12	
	Mar. 1 Feb. 21 ■ 6 ]
Jan. 20 Feb. 9	
	—26 4
	18 -
	14  - -ft	Mar. 3 -Feb. 23 -	*5-
Jan. 29	

A TABLE of the MOVEABLE FEASTS, according to the fevcral Days that Easter can poflibly fall upon.

	m  c  3  O.
M	%>  '■a  Ul
u  3>	U»
?	5
CL  fit  X	■E
	S’  ,3  *■<

■r

g

1

50

i

c.

o

3

CO

c

D

CL

ft*

S

b>

c

2.

CL

CO

c

2.

Note, That in a Biflextile or Leap-Year, the Number of Sundays after Epiphany will be the fame, as if E after-Day had fallen one Day later than it really does. And for the fame reafon, one Day mull in every Leap-Year be added to the Day of the Month given by the Table for Septuagejima-Sunday : And the like muil be done for the First Day of Lent (commonly called dfb-Wednefday) unless the Table gives fome D*y in the Month of March for it; for in that Cafe the Day given by the Table is the right Day.

Table to find EASTER from the Year 1900, to theYear 2199 inclufivt

Golden Day of the jSunday Numb. Month. . J Letters,

*4

3

n

1

16

5

13

2

x8

7

*5

4

12

1

9

17

6

March— 22

---*3

---24

=3

=3

---29

----30

31

April — 1

—-------  2

--------- 3

--------- 4

—	9 —10 —11 —12

—	13

—	14

z]l

=11

-19

—	20

—	21

—	22 -23 —24

-15]

D

E

F

G

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

A

B

C

D

E

F

O

A

B

C

TH E Golden Numbers in the foregoing Calendar will point out the Days of the Pafcnal Full Moons, till the Year of our Lord 1900 j at which Time, in order that the Ecclefiaftical Full Moons may fall nearly on the fame Days with the real Full Moons, the Golden Numbers mud be removed to different Days of the Calendar, as is done in the annexed Table, which contains fo much of the Calendar then to be ufed, as is  necessary for finding thePafchal FullMoons, and tne Feaft of Eafter, from the Year 1900, to the Year 2199 inclufive. ThisTable is to be made ufe of, in all refpc&s, as the First Table before inferred, for finding Eafier till the Year 1899.

Voi.XX.

General



General TABLES for finding the Dominical or Sunday-Letter, and the Places of the Golden Numbers in the Calendar.

TABLE I.

IQOO 2 COO

29CP

3Sob

4-00

4800

57oo

66od

85<X l&C.

300b

3900

4000

4900

3800

6700

6S00

2300I,

2400

3100

3200

4 ICC

5000

!3°°

160c

<2500,

3400

5300

5100

5200

^6,00 6xco

rr

6900 7000

7 ICC

720c

&0078 «S£

1700 1600;

3^00

3600

1800

2700

2800

700

45004600



Spj-

7300,

8100 82CC i

7400

8300

8400

TOfindtheDominicalorSunday-Lctter for any given Year of our Lord, add totheYear itsFourth Part, omitting Fractions, and also the Number, which in Table I. ftandeth at the Ton of the Column, wherein the Numoer of Hundreds contained in that given Year is found : Divide the Sum by 7, and if there is no Remainder, then A is the Sunday-Letterj but if any Number remaineth, then the Letter, which dandeth under that Number at the Top of the Table, is the Sunday-Letter.

TABLE II.

z	2	3		1	2	3
	Years of				Years of	
	our Lord.				our Lord.	
B	1600	0		TT	5200	¥
	1700  l800	z			53oo	
		1			5400	17
B	I900  2000	2  2		B	5600	n  17
	2100  2200	2  3			57°°  5800	18  is
B	23OO  24OO	4  3		B	59<x>  6000	f9  *9
	25OO  2000	4  5			6100  6200	*9  20
B	2700  2SOO	5			6300	21
		I		B	6400	20
	29OO				6w	21
	3000	6			6600	22
B	3IOO	7			6700	*3
	3200	7		B	6800	22
	3300	I			6900	l3
	34OO				yoco	*4
B	3500  3600	Q  8		B	7100  7200	24  24
		9			7300	25
		10			7400	ll  26
B	3900  4000	JO  10		B	7300  7600	
	4 ICO	11			7 7 00	26
	4200	12			7800	27
B	4300  44CO	12  12		B	7900  8000	28  ll  29
	45°°  4600	*3  »3			8100  8200	
B	4-00  4800	*4		B	|3co	29
		>4			84CO	29
	4900	J4			85OO	/ 0
	5cco				&c.	
	5 ICO					

TO find the Month and Days of the Month, to which the Golden Numbers ought to be prefixed in the Calendar, in any given Year of our Lord, confiding of entire Hundred Years, and in all the mtermediateYears betwixt that and the next Hundredth Year following} look in the Second Column of Table II. for the given Year, confiding of entire Hundreds, and Note the Number orCypner which dands again ft it in theThird Column; Then,inTa-ble III. look for the fame Number in the Column under any given GoldcnNumberj which when vou have found, guide vour Eye fide-ways fo the Left Hand, and in theFird Column you will find the Month and Day, to which that Golden Number ought to be prefixed in the Calendar during that Period of One hundred Years.

The Letter D prefixed tocertainHundredthYears in Table II. denotes thofe Years which are dill ro be accounted Biflextile or Leap-Years, in the New Calendar j whereas all the other Hundredth Years arc to be accounted only common Years.

H'7'	>--------	-------------

TABLE

TABLE III.

Pafchal  Full		Sunday  Letter,,					The GOLDEN NUMBERS										•				
			1''	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	10	11	!2|	: i3.	x4	x5	16	X7	18	x9
																					
March	21	c	8		0	11	22	3	14	25	6	XZ	28	9	20	1	12	23	4	1*;	26
March	22	D	9	20	1	12	23	4	T  IC	20	'7	18	29	10	21	2	x3	24	£	16	2Z
March	23	E	10	21	2	13	24	5	l6	17	8	*9	0	11	22	3	x4	2}	6	x7	28
March	*4	F	11	22	3	14	25	0	17	28	9	20	1	12	23	4		20	■z	18.29	
March	*5	G	12	23	4	x5	26	7	l8	29	10	21	2	x3	24	5	16	27	8	*9,	10
March	26	A	!3	24		16	27	8	19	0	II	22	3	14	25	6	ll	28	9	201	1 I
March	*Z	B	14	25	6	17'	28	9	20	1	12	23	4	x5	20	7	18	29	10	211	2
March	23	C	15	26	7	i3	29	10	21	2	x3	34	5	10	2Z	8	x9	0	11	22	3
March	29	D	JO	27'	8	*9	0	n,	22	3	x4		0	17	28	9	20	1	12	23	4
March	30	E	17	28	9	20	1	12	2J	4	xSj	26	7	1829		IO	21	2	x3	s	5
		— ’	„ ,;			_	_	_			——	—	—	—	—			—			—•
March	31	F	j8	29	10	21	2	x3	241	5	26	aZ	8	x9	0	11	22	3	x4	25	6
April	1	C	x9	0	11	22	3	14	2 5	6	x7	28	9	20	I	12	23	4	'5	I26-	! Z
April	2	A	20	I	12	23	‘ 4i	lx5	20	7	18	29	10	21	2	x3	H	5	10	*zl	1 *
AprU	3	B ,		a	*3.	24	J	16	27-	8	x9	0	11	22	3'	14	25	6	1Z	28;	9
April	4	C ’	22	3	14	25,	0	17	28,	9		1	12	23	4	*5	20	7	18	29.	10
		«»-					—	i	1		—			—	—•	—	—	—~	■—	——	r—.	—•
April	5	D	*3	4		26	7	18	29	10	it	2	x3	24!	I 5	16	Zl	8	x9	O	11
Apri	6	E	M	5	16	27<	8	x9	O	11	22	3	14	2s	1 ®	ll	28	9	20	I	12
April	7	F	25	0	17'	28	9	20	I	12	23	4	*5	20	1 z	18	29	10	21	2 13	
April	%	G	26	7	18	29	10'	21	2	n	24	5		2z	1 s	•9	0	11	22	3. x4	
April	9	A	27	8	J9	0	11	22	3	x4	*5	6	*7	28	i *	20	1	12	23	4|XS	
April	10	B	28	9	20:	I	12	23	4	K	26	7	iS	29* 10		21	2	x3	24	* 1  5	16
April	11	C	29	10	21	2	*3	*4	5	16	27	8	x9	0	11	22	3	14	25		fxZ
April	12	D	0	11	22	3	14	25	6	x7	28	9 .	20	1	12	23	4		20	z.x*	
Apri	13	£	1	12	23	4	x5	zo	7	18	29	10	21	2	x3	24	5	r 6	27	®i	;x9
April	14.	F	2	*3	24	5	(0	27	8	x9	0	11	22	3	x4	25	6	17	2$	9,20	
April		G	3	*4	2 5	6	;>7	28	9	20	1	12	23	4	x5	26	Z	18	29	10'	21
Apr*	10	A	4		26	7	18	29	10	21	2	x3	24	5	10	*z	8	x9	O	>11	22
April	17	B	5	10	27	8	*9	0	11	22	3	x4	25	6	XZ	28	9	20	I	12	23
April	17	B												7	18	29	10	21	2	x3	24
April	18	C	6	>7	281	9	20	1	I 2r	23	4	x5	26							1	1
April	18	C	7	i3	29	10	21	2	x3	24	S	16	27	8	x9	0	11	22	3	xV 25	

Pa

CAP.



-2IX

2X2

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 24.	[1751*

CAP. XXIV.

An aCl to provide for the adminiftration of the governments in cafe the crown fhould defcend to any of the children of his late royal bighnefs Frederick prince of Wales, being under the age of eighteen years \ and for the care and guardianfhip of their persons.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majefiy having it entirely at heart t$ fecure the future welfare and happinejs of your people, was grad-oujly pleafed to communicate to your parliament, TJoat you had maturely confidered, that nothing can conduce fo much (under the protection of the divine providence) to the preservation of the protejlant fuccef-fion in your royal family, and the support of the religion, laws and liberties of thefe kingdoms (which have always been moji dear to your Majesty) as the making proper proviftons for the care and tuition of the person of your fuccejfor to the crown, and for the regular admini-f ration of the government, in cafe such fuccejfor Jbould be of tender years, by means whereof, the fafety and princely education offuch fuccejfor may be fecured, the publick peace and good order maintained, and the Jlrength and glory of the crown of Great Britain Juffcr no diminution ; for which reafons your Majefiy, out of your paternal affection and tendernefs for your royal family, and for aU your faithful fubjeCts, did earnejlly recommend it to both your houfes of parliament to take this weighty affair into their moji ferious deliberation; and was pleafed to propofe to their confiieration, That when the imperial crown of thefe realms Jbould defcend to any of the iffue of your fon the late prince of Wales, being under the age of eighteen years, the prince] s dowager of Wales their mother (of whofe great virtues and eminent qualities, we are truly fenfible) might be guardian of the person of such fuccejfor, and regent of tjoefe kingdoms, until they Jbould attain such age, with such powers and limitations as Jbould appear nccejfary and expedient for thefe important purpofes: and whereas, in return for this paternal gooanefs, with the mojt unfeigned duty and gratitude to your Majesty, and with the jujlejl fenfe of that conflant protection which your Majesty has always extended to our religious and civil rights, and of the many blejjings which thefe kingdoms have enjoyed, during your aufpicious and glorious reign {for the long continuance whereof our daily and tnojl fervent prayers arc offered up to heaven) we have taken this weighty affair into our ferious conftderation, and being thoroughly convinced of the wifdom and expediency of what your Majesty has thought Jit to recommend on this important occaficn, are firmly and zealoujly determined to contribute every thing in our power to the preservation of the protejlant fucceffion, as fettled by law in your royal family, the numerous hopeful branches whereof, formed by your inJiruClion, and led by your example, ws look upon as Jb many pledges of the fecurity of our excellent conjlitution to future generations : we, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in parliament aflembled, do



1751 •] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IL C. 24.	213

humbly bcfccch your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be If*the crown it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the de^ei]d advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- children of* mons in this present parliament aftembled, and by the autho- the late prince rity of the fame. That whenfoever, and as often as the irape- of Wales, be-riai crown of this realm shall defeend to his royal highnefs ,nS u”der tl,c George William Frederick prince of Wales, the eldeft fon of his 1 royal highnefs Frederick late prince of Wales, or to any other of y the children of his said late royal hiehnefs, if at the refpedive times of such defeent, his said royal highnefs George William Frederick prince of Wales, or such other of the said children fuc-ceeding to the crown as aforesaid, shall be under the age of eighteen years, her royal highnefs Augufta princefs dowager of Wales shall be guardian and have the care, tuition and education oftheperfon of his laid royal highnefs George William Frederick Augufta prin-prince of Wales, or such other fucceffor as aforesaid, until their cefs dowager refpe&ive ages of eighteen years, and (hall, till such ages, have of	.

the difpofition, ordering and management of all matters and guardian of things relating thereto; and that her said royal highnefs (hall, such fucceffor, during such minorities, and no longer, have full power and authority, in the name of his said royal highnefs George William Frederick prince of Wales, or (uch other fucceffor, and in his or her (lead, and under the ftile and title of Regent of the Kingdom, to exercife and adminifter, according to the laws and conftitu-tion thereof, the regal power and government of this realm, and and regent of all the dominions, countries and territories belonging to the the kingdom, crown of Great Britain, and shall do and execute all prerogatives, authorities, adts of government and adminiftration of government, which belong to the King or Queen of this realm to do and execute, according to law ; but in such manner, and fubjedt to such conditions, reftridtions, limitations and regulations, as are herein after for that purpose fpecified and mentioned.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That - f . all adts of regal power, prerogative, government or adminiftra- pow9Cr d£ne tion of government, of what nature or kind foever, which shall otherwise be done or executed by such King or Queen under the age of than by her eighteen years, during the regency of her said royal highnefs, lughnef* eftablidled by this adt, otherwise than by her said royal highnefs,<teclarc vo1 • in the manner, and according to the diredtions of this a<ft} shall beabfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to aflift her said royal highnefs in the adminiftra- Council of re-tion of the government, there shall be during such minorities, gencY to a council to be called The Council of Regency, which fhnll confift of the persons and officers following, (that is to fay) his royal 5 highnefs William duke of Cumberland, the archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, the lord treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, the lord prefuient of the council for the time being, the lord privy feal for the time be-

P 3	inS>



His Majesty by 3 inftru-itients under bis fi2;n ma-

Anna vicefimo quarto GeorgiI II. g. 24%	[1751.

ing, the lord high admiral of Great Britain for the tiirie being* the principal fecretaries of (late for the time bein£, and the lord chief juftice of the coon of King’s Bench for the time being; and such and fo many other persons (being natural-bom fubjefts of this realm) not exceeding the number of four, as his present inial may add Majesty (hall, by three inftruments under his royal fan manual, four counfcl- revocable, from time to time, at his Will and pleasure, think 01 s>	fit to nominate and add to the said persons and officers bfetore

mentioned; which three inftruments being fealed up under three several covers, with any feal his Majesty shall think fit to make ufe of for that purpofe, shall be each fealed also with th£ several ftals of her said royal highnefs, the archbifhop of Canter-bury for the time being, and the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being ; and one of thfe said inftru^ tnents shall be lodged and deposited in the hands of her said h?s nc^inuiatCf roya^ highnefs^ another in the hands of the said archbifhop of turn. *	"	Canterbury, and one other in the hands of the lord chanceHor

or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being; and if his Majesty shall be willing to revoke or alter his nomination made as aforesaid* and (hall, by three writings under his hand and feal, require the said inftruments fo depofited as aforesaid, to be delivered up to fome person or persons thereby authorized to receive the fame, then and in such cafe, the persons with whom the said infiruments shall be depofited as aforesaid, and every of them, and in cafe of the deaths of any of them, their executors and adminiilrators refpctfively, and every other person in Whbfe cuftody any of the said inftruments shall happen to be, shall d6-liver up the fame accordingly ; and in cafe the said archbifhop of Canterbury, or the lord chancellor or lord keeper shall die or be removed from their said offices, before the re-delivery offoch inftruments as aforesaid, the person fo removed, and the executors and adminiftrators of the persons fo dying, and every person in whole cuftody such inftrument shall happen to be, shall deliver the tame with all convenient fpeed, to thfe fuccef-for or fuccefTors of the person fo dying or being removed ; anfd after the demife of his Majesty, in cafe of such minority as aforesaid, the said three persons, their executors or adminiftrators, and all other persons in whofe cuftody the said inftruments (ball minority, the ^ien shall immediately bring the fame before the prfvy initruinents council then exifting>; which it is hereby enadled, shall be forth-to be brought with on such demife afiembled, and such inftruments shall be betorc the there opened and read, and presently afterwards inroHcd in the privy council, jjjgjj co\jrt 0f	Chaticcry.

r IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, who (haU open That if any of the (aid persons, with whom the said inftruments the said in- lhall be fo depofited, or any of their executors or adminiftritorF, or any other person having the cuftody thereof, shall open any of the said inftruments in the life of his present Majesty, without his M '.jcfty’s order, or (Stall wilfully neglect or refufe to produce and deliver the fame to the privy council, every person fo opening, negle&ing or refufing, lhall incur the pains and penalties

After the de-

mile ot Ids Majesty, in ca'e of luch

ftruments, See incurs a premunire.



3*5

*75**] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IL c. 24. realties of Premunire inflifted by the ftatute of Premunire mad*, in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

V,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if all the said three inftruments shall not be produced be-

fore the said privy council as aforesaid, then any one or more of dlfc^efoc-tbe said inftruments fo produced, shall be effectual to give such tual, authority as aforesaid, to the persons therein named, not exceeding four; and in cafe his Majesty shall not be pieafed to name any such additional counsellors, then his said royal high-nefs the duke of Cumberland, the said archbifhop of Canterbury, and the said officers for the time being, shall be folely the council of regency, and be invefted with all the powers intended to be vefted by this aft in the council of regency.

VI,	Provided always. That if at the time of his Majesty’s de- if the office of jnife, or at any time during the regency of her said royal high- lord high nefs, there shall be no lord high treafurer of Great Britain, and |*cafurer,&c. the office of treafurer of the Exchequer shall be in commiflion, flon\nthe™™ft * or if there shall be then no lord high admiral, and the office of incommiffion lord high admiral shall be then in commiffioi), then the first to be of the commiflioner named in such refpeftive commiffions shall be of counciL

the said council of regency.

VII,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, f That the said council of regency (hall, from time to time, meet five of the3*1 and lit as her said royal highnefs shall be pieafed to direct, and council to that any five of the said council, but not any lefs number, be- aft.

ing fo aflembled, shall be fufficient to aft as such council of regency, and all afts to be done by a major part of the council fo His rQ aJ aflembled, shall be deemed to be afts of the council of regency, highnefs the (excepting in such particular cafes wherein it is otherwise pro- duke, head of vided by this aft) and that his said royal highnefs IVilliam duke the council, of Cumberland shall be chief or head of the said council.

VIII,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That her royal highnefs the princefs dowager of Wales^ before ^ ^ ujfJn* (he shall aft or enter upon her said office of regent, or within ^ hec* one calendar month after, shall take the following oath of of- highnets. lice (that is to fay)

IAugufta princefs dowager of Wales, do folemtily promife and fwear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of regent ef the kingdom of Great Britain, according to an aft of parliament piade in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second, intituled, An act to provide for the admini-ftration of the government, in cafe the crown (hould defeend to *ny of the children of his late royal highnefs Frederick prince of lVales9 being under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianihip of their persons; and that 1 will adminijltr the government of this realm, and of all the dominions' thereunto belong-ing9 according to the laws, cujioms and jlatutes thereof; and will in all things, to the utmojl of my power and ability, confult and maintain the fafety9 honour and dignity of his or her (as the cafe shall re-

P 4	quire)



Anno vicefimo quarto Georgji II. c. 24.

quire) Majesty,	welfare of bis or her (as the cafe shall re-

quire) people.

So help me God.

Oath of office IX. And each of the members of the laid council of regency, to be taken by and their fucceflors, (hall, before they shall refpe&ively in or each member enter upon their refpe&ive offices as members of the said council, ot the council, take the following oath of office (that is to fay)

I A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear, That I will truly andfaiths fully serve his or her (as the cafe shall require) Majesty, in the office of one of the council of regency, ejlablijhei by an aft of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adt to provide for the admini-ftration of the government, in cafe the crown (hould defeend to any of the children of his late royal highnefs Frederick prince of Wales, being under the age of eighteen years; and for the care and guardianfhip of their persons ; and that I will duly and faithfully execute the said office, according to the true intent and meaning of the said ail *, and that in all matters and things which /hall he moved, debated and confidered in the council of regency, I will truly and faithfully declare my mind and opinion, according to my heart and conjcience, and the be ft of my judgement $ and will fuppert, maintain, and defend the perfon, honour, crown and dignity of his or her (as the cafe shall require) Majesty^ to the utmojl of my power.

*■	- ■ -	  1-

So help me Gbd.fe-

• takcn Each of which oaths shall be taken before the privy coundl tftfch before the in being? who are hereby required and impowered to admiiilfter privy council, the fame, and to enter the fame in the council books.	‘

. X. And be it further enacted by the authority ^aforefaid, Sghr^fsand That her said royal highnefs, and every person who shall be of the council to the council of regency by virtue of this a&, and of the powers qualify theiji- hereby given, shall be deemed and taken to be persons having felves, as for ari(j executing offices or places of truft within England, and take offices of trull. an(j fubfCribe such oaths, make and fubferibe such declaration, and do all such a&s as are required by the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom, to qualify persons to hold and continue in offices and places of truft, within such times, and in such manner, and under such pains, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as ill and by the said laws and ftatutes are required.	d	i	A

Her royal XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority h’ghnefs may aforesaid, That it lhall be lawful for her said royal highnefs tt> &c before tl^c and fubferibe the said oaths, and make and fubferibe such privy council, declaration, in and before the privy council, and the certificate and receive of her said royal highnefs’s having received the facrament of the the fccrament Lord’s fupper, in any of the royal chapels, figned by the per-i*hapdr°ya f°n achniniftering the fame, shall be regiftered in the said privy •* ,	council, and her said royal highnefs’s fo taking and (ubferibing

the said oaths, and making and fubferibing the said declaration,

and



*75* •]	Anno vicefimo quarto GeorGII II. C. 24.	217

and taking the (akk-facrament, shall be to all intents and pur-pofes as effeftual as if the fame had been taken, made and fub-fcribed in the manner required by law, for the qualification of persons to hold and continue in offices and places of truft.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Upon his Ma-That whenfoever his present Majesty (whom God long pre- jetty's demife, ferve) shall happen to demife, leaving such fucceflor as afore- ,n laid, under the age of eighteen years, the privy council for the 2flbr the" kingdom of Great Britain in being, at the time of such demife, privy council (hall, with all convenient fpeed, aflemble, and caufe such next to caufe such fucceflor intitled to the crown of Great Britain, by virtue of an fucceflor to be aft of the twelfth year of the reign of King JVilliam the Third,	%m

(intituled. An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the fubjeft) to be openly and folemnly proclaimed in the ufual manner in Great Britain and un(Jcr ^ Ireland; and that all and everv member and members of the said of hightrea-privy council, wilfully neglefting or refufing to caufe such pro- fon. clamations to be made, shall be guilty of high treafon, and fuf-fer upon conviftion thereof pains of death, and all other lodes and forfeitures, as in cafes of high treafon.

XLLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in the creation of all peerages of Great Britain, Qf fivTof the or Ireland, in the pardoning of all crimes of high treafon, and council of rein the gift, grant and difpofitipn of all archbifhopricks and gency necef-bhhopricks in England or Ireland, the offices of lord chancellor *ary I0 . pr lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain or Ireland, of c^catlons, c* lord treafurer or treafurers of the Exchequer, or commiflioners for executing the office of treafurer of the Exchequer, lord prefi-deitt of.the .council, lord privy feal, lord high admiral, or com-mi(fionears for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal fecretaries of (late, mafter of the rolls in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the judges of the courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and barons of the courts of Exchequer in JSngknd and Ireland, and of the judges of the court of feffion, court of judiciary, and barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving inftruftions, orders and authorities for the making any treaties with any foreign powers; the consent of the said council of regency, or the major part of any five jot more of them fo aflembled as aforesaid, shall be neceflary to make the said creations, pardons, gifts, grants, difpofitions,

•inftruftions, orders or authorities, good and effeftual.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority afore- r°y*l laid. That it shall not be lawful for her (aid royal highnefs to ^makc war make war or peace, ratify any treaty with any foreign power, or peace, pro-or to prorogue, adjourn or diflolve any parliament, without the rogue, or dif-confent of the major part of the whole council of regency, then {?»*« any Par-in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe therp shall then be an ou™confentth* unequal number in Great Britain; and if the number then in 0f the council. Great Britain shall be an equal number, then without’the con- nor to give font of one half part of the said council; and that her said royal the royal highnefs, cither with or without the confent of the said council

ing the fue*



a *8	Anno	vicefimojquarto	Georgn It. c.24;	[	1751;

of regency, shall not give the royal affent toi any Wll or biHs in parliament, for repealing, changing, • or in any refpeft varying from the order and courfe of luccefiioa to the crown of this realm, as the Came (lands noweftablifhed in the illuftrious hoefe of Hanover, by the said aft of the twelfth year of the reign of King iViUiam the Third, intituled, {Anna for the further limi*

■ tation of the crown, end better fearing the rights and liberties of nor for repeal-	fitbjeft or to any aft for repealing or altering the aft opde

ingot altering in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 1 $ Car. a. c. 4. intituled, An all for the uniformity of publish -prayers and admwb-Jlration of facraments, and other ritet and teremmties; and for eft*-blijhing the form of making, ordaining and eonfeerating bifisops*, priifls, and deacons9 in the church of England) or one aft of the or 5 Annx.	year of the reign of Queen Anne, made in Scotland, (inti-

tuled, An act for Jecuring the pro tenant reUgien and prejbyterian church government.)

m he f XV.	alio, and be it further enacted by the at»-

tbe council by thority aforesaid, That the archbifhop of Canterbury, or any reason of of-7 other person appointed by this aft to be of the said council of fice, to be no regency, in virtue or by realba of his dignity or office, (haH longer of the corU;nue no ionger of the said council than he shall continue in they continue such hie said dignity or office, and his fticceffor in such dignity in office. or office shall become one of the said council; and that the lord Officers ap- chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, pointed to be t^c lord treaiurer or first commilfioner of the treafury-for the to contimie in timc	the	l°rd	Pr«fident of the council for the time being,

office unlefe the lord privy feal for the time being, the lord high admiral ot removed. first commiflioner of the admiralty for the time being, and the principal fecretaries of ftate for the time being, fo appointed to be of the said council of regency by this aft, ihall continue ia their said refpeftive offices, after such defeent of the crown to any of the children of his said royal highnefe Frederick lute prince of IVales, during the regency or her said royal highnefr, as weU after as before the expiration of fix months from the time of such defeent, unless removed by her said royal hlghnefs, with the confent of a major part of the whole council of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there shall then bean unequal number in Great Britain; and if the number then in Gnat Britain shall be an equal number, then with the confent of one half part of the said council, or upon the add refs of both houfes of parliament, in which latter cafe her royal highnds*-lonc may remove any of the said officers against whom such ad-drefs shall be presented.

Members of XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the atchbilhop of Can-the counci? terbury for the time being, and the lord chief juftice of tbecourt may be re- of King's Bench for the time heing, notwithstanding their removed by maining in such dignity and office refpeftively, may be remoy-ma'orit	from	being of the council of regency by her royal highnds,

or*iponyad-° with the confent of a major part of the /council of regency then drefs of both in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there shall then be an un-houfes ot par- equal number in Great Britain j and if the number then in Great kament.	Br/Vtfi*



*75x*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IL c. 24.	219

Britain shall be an equal number, then with the confent of one half part of the said council, or upon the addrefs of both houfes of parliament y and that any other of the members of the said council not fo appointed in virtue or by reason of their dignities or offices, may be removed likewise by her royal highnefs, with the like confent, or upon the addrefs of both houfes of parliament 5 and within two calendar months after such defcent of the vacate 0f crown as aforesaid, in cafe any vacancy or vacancies of any of members of the said offices shall happen then to be, and within the space of the council two calendar months after every vacancy which shall happen by to.be. °P means of such removal, or by the death or refignation of any member of the said council of regency, her royal highnefs shall and is required, with the confent of the council of regency, or the major part of thofe present, not being lefs than five, to fill up such vacancy by the appointment of a new officer, where the vacancy happens by the death, removal or refignation of one of the members of the said council, fo appointed in virtue or by reason of his dignity or office, or by the appointment of a new member of the said council, being a natural bornfubje& of this realm, where the vacancy happens by the death or removal, or refignation of any member, not being one of the officers named in mis a&, or by the refignation or removal of the archbiffiop of Canterbury, or of the lord chief juftice of the King's Bench, from being of the said council of regency.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority Rights of the aforesaid. That nothing herein contained shall take away or pre- pnvv council judice the rights, authorities, powers and jurifdi&ion9 of the preferved. privy council, but her said royal highnefs shall have full power to Summon andhold, or to caufe the fame to be fummoned and hold-

en in the ufual manner, and any of the members of the said council of regency may be and continue of the privy council alfo.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Upon defcent That whenfoever and as often as the crown shall defaend to such of the crown minor fucceffor as aforesaid, in cafe a parliament shall be then int0 ® minor the being, which shall have met and fat, such parliament shall con- 52n^uefort tinoe for three years, from the time of such defcent, unlefa such years, unless fucceffor to whom the crown shall defeend as aforesaid, shall such fucceffor fooner attain his or her age of eighteen years, or such parliament ^all be f°°“cr shall be fooner diffolved by her said royal highnefs with the con- parlfament1^be font of a major part of the council of regency, then in bring, diffolved, fee. and in Great Britain, in cafe there shall then be an unequal

humber in Great Britain* and if the number then in Great Britain shall be an equal number, then with the confent of one half partof the said council j and in cafe at the time of fuchdefceot, there (haH be no parliament in bring, which ihall have met and fat, then the laft preceding parliament shall immediately con- the preceding vfcne and fit at Wejiminjlcr, and be a parliament to continue for parliament to three years as aforesaid, to all intents and purposes, as if the *lt f°r 3 yeare* fame had never been diffolved, unlefa fach fucceffor ihall fooner attain his or her age of eighteen years, or such parliament



Succeflor not to be married during minority, without confent of her royal bighnefs and the council;

fueh marriage null, and every person concerned, See. guilty of high treafon.

In cafes of equality of voices, her royal highnefs may decide.

Where con-fent of a majority is necef-fary,the members are to fign the fame.

Clerk of the council to be appointed.

and take an oath of office.

Commiffions, &c. to change the order, &c. of government, declared void.

and the per-

fons concerned to incur a Premunire.

Anno vicefimo quarto GEOkGil II. C. 24.	t!75r>

ment shall be fooner diflolved by her said royal highnefs, with such confent as laft mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid. That his royal highnefs George William Frederick prince of Wales, in cafe the crown shall defeend or come to him before his age of eighteen, or any other of the children of his late royal highnefs Frederick prince of Wales, to whom the fame shall defeend before his or her age of eighteen years, shall not, during the regency of her said royal highnefs, be married to any person whatsoever, without the confent of her said royal highnefs, and of a major part of the said council of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in cafe there shall then be an unequal number in Great Britain, and if the number then in Great Britain shall be an equal number, then without the confent of one half part of the said council; and every marriage fo had without such confent, shall be null and void to all intents and purpofes; and every person who shall be a&ing, aiding, abetting or concerned in obtaining, procuring or bringing about any such marriage, and the person who shall be fo married to such King or Queen, under the age of eighteen years, shall be guilty of high treafon, and fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes where the members of the council of regency shall be equally divided in their voices, her said royal highnefs shall and may decide and determine the queftion or matter concerning which they shall be fo equally divided, if (he shall be pleafed to give her own opinion thereupon.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes where the confent of a major or one half part of the said council of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, is by this a<5t made neceflfary to the validity of any adl, matter or thing, such confent shall be (igned by the refpedhve members giving such confent in the council books ; and that a clerk or clerks of the council of regency, shall be appointed by her said royal highnefs, and such cleric or clerks shall provide books for entering the a<5Is of such council, and shall enter the fame truly and faithfully, and keep the said books, for which he or they shall be anfwerable, and such clerk or clerks, before he or they enter upon the execution of their said office, shall take an oath before such council, for the due execution of such office or place refpedtively.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all commiffions, letters patent, orders, matters and things tb be made, pafled, had or done by the said regent, either with or without the confent of the said council of regency* in order unlawfully to fet afide, change or vary the order and method of government, and adminiftration of government fettled by this adl, during such minorities as aforesaid, shall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purposes, and every person advifing, concurring, promoting or aflifting therein, shall incur the penalties of Premunire, infli&ed by the said ftatute of Premunire.

XXIII.	And

6

 Goode

I751'] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 25.	221

XXIII. And be it declared and ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That an aA of parliament imde in the twenty-eighth year * *c*,7< of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An att giving authority to such as Jball fiuceed to the crown 4/ this realm When they come to the age of twenty-four years* to stake frujlrate such oils as Jball be made afore in thetr time; and one other aA made in the and 1 Ed. 6. iirft year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled. An** **• deter-* aft for the repeal of a certain Jiatute made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the late King, of moft famous memory* Henry the Eighth* for revoking of afts of parliament * are determined, and of no force or.effeA whatsoever.

CAP. XXV.

An a£l for laying out* making and keeping in repair* a road proper for the pajfage of troops and carriages from the city of Carlifle to the town of Newcaftie upon Tyne.

WHEREAS the making and keeping a free and open communication between the city ^/’Carlifle and the town of Newcaftie upon Tyn e* by a road proper for the pajfage of troops* horfes and carriages* at all times in the year* would be of great ufe and fer-vice to the publick; and it hath been found by experience, that the want of such road* pajfage and communication* hath been attended with great inconvenience and danger to this kingdom: and whereas such road cannot be laid out* or the charge of making the fame be defrayed* otherwise than at the expence of the publick, and by the authority of parliament; but is is apprehended that such publick road when fi-nijhed* may be fupported* and kept in repair, by proper tolls and duties to be ratfed and collected thereupon for that purpofe: may’ it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be en-aAed, fcfr.

The new road shall extend from the weft gate of Newcaftie to Eaft Denton, and by Chapel Houfesto Haddon on the Wall, Harlow Hill, Port Gate,

Cbollerford Bridge, Walwick, Carrawburgh, Winfhelds, Clowgill, Brampton, High Qrotby, Drawdikes and Stanwix,to the Scotch gate of Carlifle.

Truftees to nominate officers, Ac. Copies of the accounts and of all contracts, See. to be delivered to each houfe of parliament. Surveyors may dig gravel in wafte grounds. See. without paying for the fame; levelling the pits. Juftices to determine differences. Truftees may purchafe lands to be taken into the road, &c. Perions neglecting to treaflfor the fale of fuck lands, truftees may aflTds the recompence, by a jury. The recompenco charged on the monies granted by parliament for making the road. s»oool. to be paid out of tfyc fjupplies for the year 1751, towards making the road; x ,oool« to the truftees of Cumberland, and i,ooo1. to the truftees of Northumberland. Accounts of the monies to be laid before parliament. When the road ftiaH be made, turnpikes and toU-botofes are to be erefted, and tolls to be taken. One third of the tolls only to be taken at any one tolU gate in Northumberland, and one balf in Cumberland. Penalty on carnages with four wheels, drawn by more than four horfes, or with fewer wheels, by more than three horfes. Owners of collieries may lay waggon-ways crofs the road, and repair the fame. Juftices to determine the ftatute-work to be dodc on the road Perions aggrieved my appeal to the quarter-feffions. Truftees may Icflen the tolls. Juftice^ may appoint persons to infpeft the road, wly> Hull enquire of the application of the tolls, andeer-

*	ttftr

 CjOoq le

tit Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 26,— 31. f 175

‘ ttfy any mifapplication. On death, &c. of troftecs others to be chofen.

Road to be meafured, and mile-ftonei ereded. Tolls to continue, andl

©therwife provided by parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for clfeanfing and enlightening the open places, ftreets, and other paflages $ and regulating the nightly watch and bedels in the pari ft of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, it) the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Golden Square, in the parim of Saint James, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate themfelves, for raifmg money fufficient for the better incloGng, paving, enlightening and adorning of the said fquare ; .and fupporting and keeping of the fame in repair for the future.

CAP. XXVIH.

An act for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Bill in the county of Gloucetter, to Frogg-MiS, through the towns of NorHileach, Bur-ford and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps-ftdd, in the parish of Kidiington, in the county of Oxford 5 and also the road from Witney, through Enfham, Cumner and Eotley, to the city of Oxford. Certain tolls granted for n years.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called Monks Bridge in the said county; and also from the said town of Ludlow, to a place or houfe called the Maindenhead at Orleton iu the county of Hereford. Certain tolls granted for »i years.

CAP. XXX.

An act for repairingthe high roads leading from Darlington in the county of Durham to Weft Auckland, and several other roads in the said county therein mentioned. Certain tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. XXXI.

jin ail for explaining, amending and enforcing an ail pajfied in the thirteenth year of his late Majefif s reign, intituled. An adt for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and for further regulating and encouraging the said manufagures.

WHEREAS by an ail pa{fed in tht thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Pirjt, [intituled. An act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland) certain rules and regulations were eflablifLed for encouraging and improving of the said manufactures, and for preventing of frauds and abufies m the fame: and whereas the said rules and regulations have been found ufeful and beneficial, and have been a means of improving the said manufactures, which might be fill brought to greater perfection, and be further extended,'if fame parts of the fend ad were explained, amended and enforced, and further regulations efiabltjhed: may it therefore please your Majesty ttfat it may he enadted; and be

it

 

*75*0 Anna viceftmo quarto Georg II II. C. $t.	22J

it enadled by the King’s most excellent raajdly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every person and perlons who jhall import, « caufc to be imported into any port or place in 'Si Scotland, any bad, mixed or damnified hntfeed or hempfeed, or hempfeed, or any lintfeed or hempfeed which shall not be thoroughly cleanfed, fliort lintfeed. or any lintfeed commonly called or known by the name of Short Lintfeed, he and they (hall, for every such offence, forfeit fueh lintfeed or hempfeed, and shall also be fubjedt and liable to a-forfeit jl. per. penalty, not exceeding three pounds (lerling for every hogfhead ho£ftca<h of such feed ; and fo in proportion for any lefa quantity,

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled* That if all or Upon proof of any of such damnified lintfeed or hempfeed shall be only damag- the lintfeed ed, in the conveyance by fea, the importer or importers, pro-

prietor or proprietors thereof, shall not be liable or fubjedt to importer not the said forfeiture or penalty : in cafe he or they shall immedi- to forfeit} ately, upon the landing ot such feed, produce fufficient proof before fomejuftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, that such damage was occafioned as aforesaid, and give fufficient fecurity giving fecuri. as foonas may be unto thetruftees appointed, or to be appoint- fy for it* be* ed, in purfuance of the said adt of the thirteenth year of his late ing exported Majesty’s reign, that such feed shall not be fown, but shall be °jjmadc into made into oil, or exported under the penalty of five pounds for 0 * every hogfhead of such damnified feed; and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That if any lintfeed or Proprietor of hempfeed of the growth of Scotland shall be bad, (hort, dam- (hort or bad, nified or otherwise improper and unfit for fowing, the proprie-

tor or proprietors thereof shall not be fubjedl or liable to any pe- growth 0!° nalty or forfeiture inflicted by the said former adt, for the felling Scotland, or expofing to fale any bad or damnified lintfeed or hempfeed, in cafe he (hall, before he shall fell such feed, or expofe the famet0 g»v« fecuri-to fate, give fufficient fecurity to the said truftees, thatfgch feed 2nw fliin* shall not be fown, but made into oil, or exported, under the cxportcaf or penalty of five pounds for every hoglhead of such feed, and fo madc into oil. in proportion for any lefs quantity.

IV.	And whereas a doubt hath arifen with relation to the exaft meafure by which all lintfeed and hempfeed is by the said aft Hrefted

to be fold; be it enadled, That all lintfeed and hempfeed shall be . r , -fold fey the Linlithgow Barley Meafure (Ireaked, and that all such toVTold by measures shall be nrft marked and (lamped by the dean of guild the Linlitte-of fome royal borough, with the ufual mark of fueh borough, go* barley and also with thefe words Linlithgow Barley Meafure \ and if any rc, ,,c. person shall vend or fell any lintfeed or hempfeed by any meafure 1 that shall not be marked and (lamped, in manner as aforesaid, such person shall forfeit for every such offence such meafure, and also the sum of forty (hillings fterling.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That pcrfor$feUing all and every person and persons who shall fell and deliver to any ten pecks, tif one buyer, at one time, ten pecks, or any larger quaritity of one buyer, to

lin*



quantity, price, and 4 growth, See.

Officers may enter ware-houfes for keeping lint-feed, See.

224	Anno	vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 31#	11751.

giveacertifi- lintfeed or hempfeed, without delivering therewith a certificate cate of the	fubferibed by luch person or persons, expreffing the quantity

and price of the feed, and if the fame shall be of foreign production, the port from whence the fame was imported, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth ; and if such feed shall be of the produce of Britain, the year of its growth, and the name of the county where it grew ; such perlon or persons shall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than fifty (hillings (terling, for every hoglhead of such feed; and fo proportionably for any lefs quantity.

VI. And be it further enaCled, That all ftamp-mafters, riding-officers, furveyors or other officers, aCting under the directions and authority of the said truftees, may, with their affiftants at all time by day, enter into any warehoufe, or other place made ufe of for keeping lintfeed or hempfeed, and into any place where they shall have reason to fufpedt that lintfeed or hempfeed is kept, and may infpedt and furvey all lintfeed and hempfeed which shall be found in such places, and shall and may feize JJ11! frize what and carry off, or otherwise fecure, all bad, (hort, damnified, bad &/°Und or mixX ^ntfeed or hempfeed, and such as shall not be clean and 9	*	good,	and	detain the fame until it shall be legally tried, whe-

ther such lintfeed or hempfeed is by the said former or this pre-fent aft prohibited to be imported or fold, or expofed to fale, or to be (own ; and in cafe it shall be adjudged, that such feed is prohibited to be imported, fold or expofed to fale, the fame (half ad udged to ^ forfeited, an(* the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall be be prohibited, fubjedt and liable to a penalty not exceeding three pounds fter-&c.	ling for every hogfhead of such feed, and fo in proportion for any

lefs auantity; and in cafe it shall be adjudged that the feed fo feized is prohibited to be fowri, and the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall not make it appear that fufficient fecurity hath been given to the said truftees, in manner as aforesaid, for the exporting or making of such feed into oil, or that application hath been made, and fufficient fecurity tendered to the laid truftees for that purpofc, such feed (hail be also forfeited, and the proprietor or proprietors thereof fubjedt and liable to the penalty aforesaid.

Seed feized	VIL	Provided always, That in all cafes where it shall be

not to oe de- proved, that application hath been only made for giving fuffici-cqt fecurrty as aforesaid, such feed fo feized and detained lhall * ~	,	r	r~	not be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors thereof, until

fuch fecurity shall be actually entered into, and executed to the fatisfa&ion of the said truftees.

VIII. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforesaid, to^ fold" 61b. That all and every person and persons who shall fell or difpofeof to the (tone, any hemp or flax, by any other weight than by the done, confiding of fixteen pounds weight averdupoh: and also all flax raifersand hecklers who lhall not affix their names and places of abode, upon every mat or quantity of flax by them fold, shall refpe<ftively for each and every such offence, forfeit a fum hot exceeding five pounds fterling.

IX. And

Penalty if the feed lhall be

the feCuriry.

Hemp and flax

Flax raifer* and heckler* to affix their name* upon (CTery mat.



1751*] Anno vicefimo quarto (jfioRGit tl. c, 31*

IX.	And be it further ensured by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of fel* That every person who shall fell or expofe to fale, in one and

the fame mat or other package, flax or hem of different quality ferent quality or finenefs, shall forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds fter- in the fame ling for every such mat or other package.	mat.

X.	Provided always. That the said penalty shall not extend to Exception, any person felling a ton or any larger quantity of hemp or flax

to any one person at one time.

XI.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, pfcin linen

That it shall and may be lawful to work up and manufacture may be made 5 plain linen cloth, with flaxen and tow yarn mixed, by making flaxA ♦ the woof of such cloth of one of the said yarns, and the warp	*ara

of the other ; but that the yarn which shall be ufed for the Penalty If tfie warp, shall be of the fame quality and finenefs throughout such warp be not warp, and that the yam whicn shall be ufed for the woof, the fame shall be of the fame quality and finenefs throughout such woof,

under the penalty of a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs^ also the # : than ten (hillings fterling, to be paid by the weaver; any thing woof, in the (aid former aft, or this present aft, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Yam* ofdiffc* That it shall and may be lawful to make ufe of yams of different rent forts, Sec. forts, qualities and finenefs, in the working up and manufaftur- Pay **

ing of ftriped, chequered and flowered linens, but fo that each fort of such yarn shall be of equal quality and finenefs, through- &c.iin«ns,&c! out each piece of such ftriped, chequered or flowered linens, under the penalty of a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings fterling, to be paid by the weaver; any thing in the said former aft, or this present aft, contained to tne contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of fet That all and every person and persons who shall make, fell or ling or buy-expofe to fale, or shall buy one or more reel or reels, which ing reels not shall not be of the ftandard and dimenfions preferibed by the

faid former aft, shall over and above the forfeiting of such rcelor prc c reels, forfeit a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings fterling, for every such reel; and that all and every person or persons who shall be convifted of falfe reeling and making up yarn, or expofmg to fale, felling or buying yarn of the produce of Scotland, knowing the fame to be reeled or made or * up contrary to the directions of the said aft, (hall, over and JJlSuce of above the forfeiting of such yam, forfeit a fum not exceeding: Scotland, ten nor lef9 than two (hillings fterling, for every fpindle thereof and fo proportionally for any lefs quantity.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That it shall and % may be lawful to import, fell, and expofe to fale, any foreign ^cpted!^

Jrarn, although such yarn shall not be reeled and made up, accord-	p

ng to the directions of the said aft or this aft, any thing in the • said aft or this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Maker of That every maker of heckles, wheels, reels, we;ving-looms heckic%,tc.

‘ Voi. XX.	and



226	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. 0.31*	[1751.

to.aflix hi$ and weaving-reeds, shall mark or caufeto be marked, with an name, «c. iron brand, or fome other proper inftrutnent, in legible and durable characters, on every heckle, wheel, reel, weaving-loom and weaving-reed by him made, his chriftian name, furname and place or relidence, as also upon each reed, the hundreds of such reed, under the penalty of forfeiting all such heckles, wheels, reels, weaving-looms and weaving-reeds; and also of a fum not exceeding twenty nor lefs than ten (hillings (terling, for each of the said particulars.

UncAhCrt°* XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all persons who shall pra&ife the trade of whitening or bleaching of linen cloth in the piece, fo as to bleach or whiten a quantity of cloth, which shall be of the value of five hundred and matters of pounds fterling, in the courfe of one year; and also all persons lapping pref. who shall keep any publick lapping-prefs or lapping houfe, shall fccuri^VC fefpe&ively first give fufficient lecurity to the said truftees, to the extent of one hundred pounds fterling for every such bleacher, and of fifty pounds fterling for every keeper or mafter of fuch

Smblick lapping-prefs and lapping-houfe, for their faithful per-ormance of the said trades ; and also for making good any damage which may arise to their refpeClive employers, by any neg-leCt or want of (kill in the exercife of either of such trades ; Truftees to and the said truftees are hereby required, upon their acceptance uponV^lCei*tC$	refPe<^lvc	fecurities,	to grant licences under their hands

gi?cn.CCUny and fealsto such persons, impowering them to exercife the said refpeCtive trades; and that no fee, reward or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken, for or upon account of giving any such fecurity, or of granting such licence : and that if any perfonor persons shall without such licence bleach or whiten a quantity of cloth, which shall be of the value of five hundred pound fterling, in the courfe of one year, or shall keep and ufe any publick lapping-prefs or lapping-houfe, such person or Penalty on	persons shall refpe&ively forfeit, videlicet; such bleacher or

nnlicenfed	whitener, the sum of one hundred pounds fterling ; and fuch

bleachers, &c. mafter and keeper of a publick lapping-prefs or lapping-houfe, the sum of fifty pounds fterling, for every year they shall carry on such refpedtive trades without such licence.

Licenfed	XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

bleachers to That all such licenfed bleachers shall mark or ft amp, or caufe naracs^k t0 mar^ec* or damped, in legible letters on each end of every ' every8piecc.0n P;ecc of cloth by them bleached or whitened, their names and places of abode, with the addition of bleacher, under the penalty of a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for every piece of doth which lhall not be fo marked.

Penalty of XVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any person or lapping up persons shall fold or lap up any cloth for fale, when wet, or wftUc ta C> w,t^ any	duft,	flour	or other material, which may be

* %' prejudicial to the fabrick or quality of such cloth, or shall lap up any piece of cloth for fale which is not duly damped intnan-2j.no	ner preferibed by the said former adt or this present adt, he or

they shall for every luch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding

6	forty

 v^ooQie

175*-] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii TI. c. 31;	227

forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings fterling, for every such piece of cloth.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That in all Stamp-maf-cafes where cloth shall through unavoidable accidents be dam- tfr8J°jCUt nified in the weaving or bleaching, by holes or rents made in c^byacci^*" the fame, or not be of equal quality, fabrick and goodnefs dent, throughout the piece, in such manner as the fame is directed

to be made, by the said former aft or this present aCt, the ftamp-mafter, or ftamp-mafters appointed or to be appointed by the (aid truftees, may cut such damaged or infufficient cloth into such pieces as he or they shall find to be fufficient and free of holes and rents, and affix his (tamps to such cuttings, in the and (tamp the fame form and manner as by the said aCt is directed, with re- **me. gard to whole pieces, returning the damaged or infufficient cut-* tings to the owners for their ufe; but that if the said (tamp- n . mafter or ftamp-mafters shall not be fatisfied that the cloth re-ceived such damage, or was rendered infufficient, through un- eence of 8 avoidable accidenfs as aforesaid, and shall have reason to believe bleacher or that the fame was occafioned by the negligence or ignorance of weaver, and the weaver or bleacher, and that the cloth was pretented to be bl^ftamped^o (tamped with a fraudulent intention to deceive the buyer, he be feiz^/* shall and may feize and detain the fame ; and if upon trial to be had thereupon, it shall appear that such damage or infufficiency was occafioned by the negligence or ignorance of the weaver or bleacher of such cloth, and not by unavoidable accident, it shall be condemned and forfeited in such manner as is prefcribed by ^ forfeited, the aforesaid aCt of his late Majesty, with refpeCt to all infufficient and unmerchantable cloth which shall be offered to be (lamped.

XX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. If cloth or That when any undamped cloth or unftatutable yarn shall be yarn, be feizi feized in purfuance of the powers contained in the (aid a Ct, and

it shall be alledged that such cloth or yarn is of foreign manufac- of foreign mature, the Onus Probandi shall lip upon the owner of such cloth or nufafture to yarn, that the fame was fairly imported from the place where it lie on the shall be alledged to have been manufactured, or from the next owncr> . adjacent port, and that the duties for the fame have been paid; and if the owner of such cloth or yarn shall fail in such proof, the cloth or yarn fo feized shall be deemed and taken to be of the manufacture of Scotland, and be forfeited; and all linen iri(h cloth uncloth of the manufacture of Ireland, imported into, or expofed ftamped to b* to fale in Scotland\ which shall not have the feals or (lamps of forfeited, fome (lamp mafter appointed by the truftees# for the linen manufacture in Ireland, affixed thereon, shall be'forfeited, and shall be feized and tried in the fame manner as is directed by the said aCt, with regard to such linen of the manufacture of Scotland as is expofed to fale without being ftamped.

XXI.	And be it further enaCtod by the authority aforesaid, Mof

That every maker and cutter of (lamps or feals of any kind for ftamps to (tamping of cloth, shall upon fome proper part of every ftamp mark their or (eal by him made> mark his narap and plaee of abode* and names thereof	(hall

228

on, and take «n impreflion in a book, Sec.

Pehalty of

counterfeiting

fUmps.

Makers of freckles, and weavers, free to exercife their trades in any city ,&c.

Penalty of ob-ftru&ing officers.

Offences how So be tried.

Penalties to be paid to the profecutor.

♦

Limitation of tfhons.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IL C. 31.	[1751^

(hall take an knpreflionof every such feal or ftamp in a book CO be kept for that purpofe, and (nail enter in such book, the name and defignation of the person by whom he was employed, and to what person and at what time such feal or ftamp was deH vexed, under the penalty of fifty pounds ftcrling for each of the find of* fences.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore (aid. That if any person or persons shall counterfeit any feal or ftamp made in pursuance of thisa&, or any feal or ftamp of anyftasip-matter appointed by the truftees for the linen manufacture in hi* land, he, (he or they fo counterfeiting the fame, and being there* of lawfully convicted before the court of juftidary at Edinburgh, or in the circuits, shall faffer and incur the fame pains and penalties as persons by the law of Scotland^ convicted of foqjery.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefeid. That every maker of heckles, fpinning-wheels, reels, weaving-looms and weaving-reeds, and also every weaver or manufacturer of linen, flaxen or hempen cloth, or heckler or dnefler of flax or hemp, shall and may, and is hereby authorized to exer* cife the said refpcCtive trades, within any city, town, corporation, burgh or place in Scotland, without any lett or hindrance from any person or persons whatsoever, and without being chaigc-able or charged with payment of any entry-money or other duty whatsoever, for or in refpeCt of their following such trade or bufinefs.

XXIV.	And be it further enaefled by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall by force or violence obftrud, hinder or impede any officer appointed or to be appointed by the said truftees in the due execution of his duty, under the penalty of forfeiting a fum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor lefe than five pounds fterlipg, for every such offence.

XXV.	And it is hereby enaCted, That all offences against this aCt ( except only as to the counterfeiting of feals 5r damps) shall and may be heard and determined by the juftices of peace or ma* giftrates of any burghs, or any one of them, within their re-IpcClive jurisdictions, after the fame form and manner, and with the fame powers as are preferibed and mentioned’ in the afore* said aCt, with regard to offences committed against that aft, and that all offences against this and the aforesaid aCt, (except as aforesaidj shall and may be also heard and finally determined by any of hisMajesty’s (heriff or ftewart deputes, or their fubftitutes, fubjeCt only to an appeal to the lords of judiciary or their circuit courts.

XXVI- And it is hereby declared, That all penalties or forfeitures which shall be incurred for all the offences against this a<ft, shall be paid and delivered to the informer or profecutor, and be adjudged to be payable and deliverable tohim.

XXVII. Provided always, That all altions shall be commenced for offences against this a&* and the said former a6fc, within, twelve months after the commiffion of such offence; and all actions to be commenced for the fame shall ceafeand determine, and are hereby difebarged from and after the expiration of eight full months from the commencement of the fuit; and if any appeal , either from the magiftrates or juft ices of the peace to the quarter feffions, or from the (heriff or ftewart deputes, or their fubfti-futes, to the circuit court, shall not be determined at the expiration of eight months from the commencement of the action, the fenteiKC appealed from shall take place, and be put in execution, as if no appeal had been entered against the said Sentence.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby enaCted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That all (heriff and ftewart deputes, IherifF to be m-and ftewart fobftitutes, juftices of peace, and magiftrates of terprcted in burghs, shall interpret arid put this aCt, and the said former aCt the molt be-in execution, in the mod beneficial manner for promoting the ncftcial man* linen and hempen manufactures $ and if any of the said (heriffs ncr*

or ftewart*, juftices or magistrates, shall wilfully negledt or re- Penalty on fufe to execute the powers and authorities committed to them maturates by this and the said former adt, fo as that such negledt or refufal |£ecute the lhall tend to the difeouragement or detriment of the said manu- rowers.* * fadtures, such negledt or refufal shall be and be taken to be a point ^ of dittay, and the person or persons fo offending may be profe-Cuted before and puni(hed by the lords of jufticiary, in manner preferibed by the raid former a&.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the comptroller of the cuftoras in Scotland, or his deputy, comptroller (hall, without fee or reward, in the month of December yearly, 0f the cuf-on demand, deliver in to the said truftees an account for the toms to deli-year ending at Midfummer preceding, of all flax-feed and hemp- vcra ycarlr feed, and of all flax and hemp, and also of all pot-afhes, and tmfteesof all* all linen, flaxen or hempen yam, and linen cloth, imported in- flax, cloth, to Scotland, diftinguifhing the several ports from whence, and pot-afhes, &c. at which the lame were imported 5 as also an account of all imported and flax and hemp, and of all linen, flaxen or hempen yarn, and exP°rtcd-alfo of all pot-afhes (hipped in and exported from Scotland, diftinguifhing the several port* from and to which the fame shall be fhipped, and of all linen cloth (hipped in and exported from Scotland, diftinguifhing the several ports from and to which the feme shall be fhipped and exported, and diftineuifhing the several bounties paid upon the exportation of such cloth.

XXX.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Contracts, ta. That all contracts, Securities and agreements entered into and entered into taken by authority of the said truftees for promoting of the said ^ thc truf* linen and hempen manufactures, or any particular branch there- ecs*

of, may be entered into, and taken in the name of their secretary for the time being, and his successors in office, for the ufc of the fund eftablifhed by the said aCt for encouraging the linen manufacture in Scotland; and all bonds obligations and other Bonds, fecurities, for the faithful execution of any office, or for the performance of any other matter or thing relating to the said manufacture, shall and may be taken in the name of the said secretary for the time being, and his successors in office, for the ancj ^ life of the said fund; and all diligences, fuits, aCtions, and tobe inth# precedes, may be iffued and carried 0n in confequencc of such cretary s

con-



Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 32,-34. [1751^

contracts, fecurities and agreements, bonds and obligations, and profecuted to a final iflue, in the name and at the instance of the laid secretary for the time being.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That this aft, and all the authorities, powers, matters and things herein contained, shall commence and take place from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty one.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts of parlia* ment, For retairtng the road from Wcndwer to the town of fSitekingbam uf the county of Bucks; and also tor repairing and widening the road leading from the weft end of the said town of Wendover to the end of a lane called Oak-Lane, next the great road called The Oxford road, lying between the town of Beconsheld in the said county of Bucks, and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex, and that part of the said great road which leads from the weft end of the said town of Beconsfield to the river Colne near Uxbridge aforesaid. The aBs 7 Geo. 1. c. 14. and 15 Geo. a. c. 5. continued for 11 years.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of parliament parted in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads leading from the moft fouthern part of Butt Lane, in the parish of Lawton in the county palatine of Chelter, to Lawton; and from thence to Henlhall’s Smithy upon Cranage Green in the said county j and for snaking the said aft more effectual. The aB 4 Geo. a. c. 3. continued for %\ years.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS it is neccjfary that the laws now in force in Scotland, for regulating the times for killing the game, and for preventing the abufes of carriers, poachers and others carrying and felling the fame, Jhould be amended and made more effectual; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled Moor fowl, and by the authority of the lame. That no person in Scotland pirtndge or £hall, upon any pretence whatfpever, kill or deftroy any moor

not to*be kill- ^rom t,ic ^ ^ay January to tent^ day Jnfto or ed out of fea- any partridge or heath fowl, from the first day 01 February to fon.	the twentieth day of Augujl in any year.

Penalty on	II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

perfon not	That no person whatsoever, not qualified to kill game in Scot-

^if1 amet0	0>a^	^avc *n or ^er cuft?dy, or carry at any time of

bUingTny inthc ycar? uPon any pretence whatsoever, any hares, partridges, hiscultody. pheafants, muir fowl, heath fowl, fnipes or quails, without the leave or orders of a qualified person first obtained, for carrying such hares or other game, or for having the fame in his or her cuftody.

Penalty of	III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tranfgrefling	That every person tranfgrefling this aft, shall for the first offence

lliis aft.	forfeit

Commencement of the •ft,



*3*

1751.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 35,-37.

forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings fterling; and for the fecond and every other subsequent offence, the sum of forty (hillings fterling; which refpedtive fines,(hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender; and in cafe of infolventy the party offending shall fuffer imprisonment for the space of (ix weeks for the first offence, and for the space of three months for the fecond and every other subsequent offence.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority atorefaid. Offences how That all offences against this alt shall and may be enquired intot0 ** tr*d* and determined, either by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, or by the confeffion or oaths of the

parties accufed, before any two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, or before the Iheriff of the county where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall be found; and that all profecutions for offences against this aft shall be carried on either at the inftance of the fifed of court, or of any other person who will inform or complain.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Application of That one moiety of the forfeitures to be incurred for any offence thetorfcituic* against this syft (hall, when recovered, be paid to the informer

or profecutor, and the other moiety shall be applied for such pu-blick services within the county where the offence shall be committed, as the juftices of the peace or the (heriff respectively shall diredt, before whom the offender shall be convidled.

VI.	Provided always. That any persons aggrieved by thePerfonsag-judgement of the said juftices or (heriff refpedtively, shall have grieved may liberty to appeal to the next general or quarter fefiion, in cafc^P^* . such judgement was given by any juftices of the peace as afore-

faid, or to the lords judiciary iA their next circuit court, or (where there are no circuit courts) to the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, in cafe the judgement complained of was given by the (heriff of any county; and that the determination of the said general or quarter feflion, or of the said circuit court, shall be final and conclufive to all parties.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queen's Ferry in the county of Linlithgow. A private ad, la Ann. ft* a. enlarged and continued for 11 years.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Ribble, between the townihipa of Prefton and Penwortham, near a place called the Fiih-houfe, in the County palatine of Lancafter.

' 0.4	cap.



AniX> vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 37.	[1751*

CAP. XXXVII.

An aS for dividing the parish of Saint Philip and Jacob im-the county of Glouceftcr and in the city and county of Briftol j arid for cresting a church in the new intended parijh.

WHEREAS the inhabitants of that part cf the now or late forcjt or chafe */*Kingfwood which lies in the parish of Saint Philip ana Jacob in the county of Glouceftcr, within the diocefe of Briftol, are very numerous, and at a great dijlanct from the mother fhurck in the city of Briftol, which Jaid church is not large enough to contain all the inhabitants: and whereas it is now propofed,for the better accommodation of the said inhabitants, to ereSt a new church upon the said now or late forejl or chafe, to be confecratei and ufed tor the publick worjbip of God, and the injlruttion of the inhabitants there in the chrifeian religion, as it is now profejfed in the church of England, and ejtablijbed by the laws of this realm; and to promote fo good a work, Thomas Chefter, efquire, lord of the manor of that part of fhe said now or late forejt or chafe of Kingfwood as lies in the said parijh of Saint Philip and Jacob in the'faid county of Glouceftcr, hath propofed to grant a piece of ground commodiouny fituated in the centre of the new intended parijh, for the fete of a church and a church-yard, vicarage houfe and gardens, and for other purposes relative to the defegn \ and the right reverend the lord bijbop of Durham (late of Briftol) for promoting fo good a defegn, is dif-pofed and ready to give the Jum 9/ four hundred pounds, towards the endowment of the new intended vicarage, for the maintenance of a punifter or vicar, who fall refede in the vicarage houfe, and in order to obtain the Hie Jum of four hundred pounds to be added thereto, by the governors of the bounty of £)ueen Anne, for the augmentation tf the maintenance of the poor clergy, for the further augmentation of the maintenance of fetch minifeer oq vicar of the said new intended parijh: and whereas several charitable and well-difpofed persons, to encourage fo pious an undertaking, have contributed, and are ready to contribute, towards the cutting and finijbing such fhurch, and ap Jyoufe for the minifeer or vicar to refede in, and for the better endowing the fame, in cafe there Jhatt be an overplus: and whereas the piayor, burgeffes and commonalty of the city of Briftol, patrons of the vicarage of the said parijh church of Saint Philip and Jacob* and the inhabitants of the said parijh, are willing and deferous that a new church and houfe may be eretted as aforesaid, and that a proper diferitt round the intended church may be appointed, in order to fepa-rate the fame from the said parijh, and make it a difeintt and fepa-rate parijh: and whereas, for preventing the trouble of feparating and dividing the fame by commifjmers, they the said inhabitants and parishionfrs of the parish of Saint Philip and Jacob aforesaid, have agreed among themselves on the diferitt of and for the new intended thurch and parijh, and fettled the limits and bounds thereof; which diferitt fo limited and bounded, is, as herein after is mentioned and expreffed\ that is to fay? From a fridge at the foot qf Lawrence



*31

1751*! Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 38.

Hill called Lawrence Bridge, along the lane fouthward called Barton Hill Lane; thence in a dire ft line along the lane called Little Marfh. Lane; thence along by a little ftream of water, which runs from the said lane into King’s Pill; and thence along by the /aid King’s Pill to the river Avon $ and along up the fide of the rher Avon* to the utmoft extent and boundaries of the old parifk on that fide thereof i from Saint Lawrence Bridge aforesaid, wefiward, to a lane called Dod Lane; along this lane, northward, to the bridge called Gafte Bridge, in the road leading from Briftol towards Gloucefter; from thence along the said road dtreftly to Coomb Brook; and thence to the utmojl extent and boundaries of the old parijh> eafhuard, quite to the river Avon as aforesaid: and whereas, for the like purpose a-forefaid, they the said inhabitants and parijbtanars have also agreed among themfehes, that the piece of ground fo propofed to be granted by the said 'Thomas Chcfter as aforesaid, and which contains, by eftimatton, two acres one rood and fix perches (be it more or lefs) and is fituated at or near a certain place called Don John’s Crofe; and is bounded on the eajl fide by the road leading from Briftol to Bath; on the weft, partly by Don John’s Crols, and partly by a garden, now or late in the tenure of Thomas Marfh; on the north, by a road leading from Briftol to Marftifield; and on the fauth, partly by a lane or wafte ground, and partly by a finall imbjure, late in the tenure of John Curtis; '/ball be for the ftte of the new intended church, and the church-yard or cemetery, to be belonging to the said parijh, and a vicarage boufe, with a garden or gardens, and convemendes for the habitation of the minifier or vicar for the time being, of the fame church ; therefore, may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of fuodry of toe inhabitants of that part of the p4-rifh of Saint Philip and Jacob, which is fituated in the county of Gloucefter and diocefe or Briftol) that it may be enafted, fjft.

Money for the augmentation of the vicarage to be paid, when the church is built ajad confecrated. The diftrift before deferibed, erefted into a diftinft parifli. The church to be called by the name of Saint George. William Cary appointed vicar* Corporation declared patrons of the vicarage. Workhoufe to be for the joint ufe of both parishes, See. Power

§iven to the veftry to make church rates, Sec. The church, See to be un-er the jurifdiftion of the archbithop of Canterbury, biftiop of Briftol, and archdeacon of Gloucefter. Rights of the crown rtferved.

CAP.xxxvm.

An act for levying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny fterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for fele, brought into* tapped or fold within the town of Greenock and baronies of Eafter and Wetter-Greenock, and Fmnart, and liberties thereof, in the county of Renfrew, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned# A. duty of excifi grant-fd to the tvwn for 31 years*

cap,

/



Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C. 39,''40.	[i75r.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for the better regulating the navigation of the river Avon, running through the counties of Warwick, Wor-cefter and Gloucefter-, and for afcertaining the rates of water - carriage upon the said river.

WHEREAS/^ river Avon hath for many years pafl been made navigable from the river Severn, through part of the counties of Gloucefter and Worcefter, to or beyond the borough of Stratford in the county of Warwick, for boats, barges, lighters and other veffels, for the better supplying the said several counties with pit coal, iron and other goods and commodities, for the publici good of the said counties, whereby the trade in tbofe parts bath been very much inlarged and increafed; and whereas frequent difputes have arifen between the owners and proprietors of the said navigation, and the persons navigating thereupon, touching the rates of tonnage of coal, and other goods and merchandize carried thereon; for remedy whereofy and for the afcertaining the rates of such tonnage for the future, and to the end and intent the said river Avon may for ever hereafter be continued and preferved navigable, for the encouragement of trade, and the benefit and advantage of the publici in general; and that the locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, floodgates and other engines, may for the future be kept in good and fujficient order and repair; and the rents and out-goings for lands cut away9 and other rents, may be raifed, and paid to the persons intitled to receive the fame; may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled, &c.

River Avon declared to be a free river. Ratesof tonnage to be paid for goods carried on the river. No pubiick wharf to be kept, for unlading goods for fale, between Everfham and Harvington flu ices. Royalties, &c. referved. Owner anfwerable for damage done by his veflel. Rates to be paid by veflels pafling through the fluice at Tewkesbury into the Severn, and through the fluice at Eveiham, and at every weir. Proprietors of the navigation to keep the river cleaned, &c. Jutlices to determine differencee concerning the navigation, &c. in a fummary way.

CAP. XL.

An a5l for granting to bis Majesty an additional duty upon fpirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing the fame\ and for repealing t be aft of the twentieth year fent Majejty's reign, intituled, An a<5t for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by diftillers upon licences to be taken out by them for retailing fpirituous liquors} and for tbe more effectually refraining the retailing of di-Jlilled fpirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon tbe exportation, of British made fpirits •, and that the parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in tbe county of Mid-dlefex, Jhall be under tbe infpeftion of tbe bead office of excife.

WHEREAS the immoderate drinking of dijiilled fpirituous liquors by persons of the meanejl and lowejl forty bath of late

years



*35

1751 •] Anno vicefimo quarto Georg ii II. C. 40.

years increofed, to the great detriment of the health and morals of the common people; and the fame hath in great meafure been owing to the number of persons who have obtained licences to retail the famey under pretence of being di/Hllers9 and of thofe who have prefumed to retail the fame without licence y more efpecially in the cities of London and Westminster, the borough of Southwark, and other places within the weekly bills of mortality, contrary to the good and whole-fome laws heretofore made for preventing thereof: and whereas we your Majesty's dutiful and loyal fubje6ls the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembledy ever attentive to the preservation and health of your Majesty's fubjeftSy have taken this great evil into our ferious confiderationy and propofed such laws and provifions as appear to us to be mo ft likely to put a Jlop to the fame; but it may fo happen9 that in confequence of the necejfary regulations for that purpofey there may accrue a failure or deficiency in the refpeftive funds to which the, duties charged upon fpirituous liquors and diftillers licencesy were appropriated and applicable : now, for the more effectual regaining such abufes, and to the end that such failure or deficiency may be made good, and that the publick faith, fo eflential to tho well-being of this kingdom, may be fupported, we do mod humbly befaech your Majesty that it may be enaCted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of Jufyy one thou- Additional fand seven hundred and fifty one, there shall be raifed, levied, rituou*0!!.^ collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, qUOrs. for the several kinds of fpirituous liquors herein after mentioned, fpecified and enumerated (over and above all duties, charges and impofitions by any former aCt or alts of parliament thereupon refpe&ively fet, rated and impofed) the several rates and duties of excife herein after-mentioned and expreffedj that is to fay.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from any fort of drink or wa(h, brewed or made from any fort of malt or corn, or from brewers wa(h or tilts, or any mixture with such brewers wafh or tilts, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three halfpence.

For every gallon of ftrong waters, or Aqua Vitety made for fale of the materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, four pence halfpenny.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from cyder, or any fort or kind of Britijh materials, except thofe before-mentioned, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one penny three farthings.

For every gallon of fpirits made for fale from cyder, or any fort or kind of Britijh materials, except thofe before-mentioned, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three pence halfpenny.

r	n.	A«d,



££$	Anno	vicefiroo	quarto GsokGii II. c. 40.	[175 r.

II.	And, for the better afcertaioing, charging, colleding, railing, levying and feet)ring the rates and duties by this ad im-pofcd on the feid fpirituous liquors, and - preventing frauds

Doties in therein, be k farther ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That England to be ftjch of the laid rates and duties by this a« granted, as are naeementTf" c^iar8e^ upon fpirituous liquors made, extra&cd and manufac-thecommifli- turedin, or imported into England,	or	the	town	of Ber-

oners of excife	with Upon Tweed,fltall be under the receipt and management of

in England, the commiflioners and officers of his Majesty’s revenues of exeifc and thofe in England (or die time being, and fochof the feid rates and duties: Scotland, un- as are impofed by thi&aA upon fpirituous liquors, made, extracted der like offi- and manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be under cert there, the receipt and management of the coram tffioners and officers.

of excife in Sutlandiox the time being ; and the feid rdpedivecam-miffioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commifiion under their refpe&ve hands and feats, to cot** ftitute and appoint under them such officers as (haU. be neceflary Moniesarifine *n ,*wt behalf \ and all monies arifingby the feid duties in Great by the duties6 Britain, or any port thereof (the neceflary charges of railing and to be paid into accounting for the feme excepted) ffiatt, from tame to time, be !£S-Xnhr<iuer' into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at	,

©therbranches ^*^*7 and apart from alt other branches of the publick re* •f the revenue, venues, fobjeft and liable to the feme ufes and pwpofes refpec -lively as the present dudes on fpirituous liquors amt licences are now liable and appropriated unto.

III.	And whereas by an parliament made and paffed in tha

_	twentieth	year of his Majr reign, (intituled. An act for

anti. t.c. 39- granting a doty to his Majesty to be paid by diftillers upon licences taken out by them for retailing fpirituous liquors} it it enaffed. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoujand /even hundred and forty feven, it Jbeuld be lawful to and for the fevtral dtftllers within the eittts ^London and Wc(toiipftcf| borough of Southwark, or weekly bills of mortality, to take otU licences from bis Majestys emm'Jfioners of excife for retailing fpiritu-ons Tiquors ; and the said commtffioners were thereby authorized and required to grant such licences to every difiiller and dt/HOers within the limits aforefaii, who Jhould apply for the fame, upon payment of five pounds for every fitch licence, which were to be renewed yearly , upon payment of the like fum of five pounds, under certain rejlriftions in the /aid recited aft mentioned: and whereas the per-snitting diftillers to take out licences for the retailing fpirituous liquors, has greatly tended to increafe the drinking of fpirituous liquors, many of whom have wilfully permitted and fufferei the fame to be tippled and drank in their Jhops, contrary to the Sreftion of the find aft rf the twentieth year of his present Majestys reign; be it therefore The duty of *na^*c<* ty the authority aforesaid, That from and after the cl. payable by twenty fourth day of Jsine one thousand seven hundred and fifty diftillers for one, the duty of five pounds payable by every diftiiier for a li-hccncesto re- cence to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, fliall ceaCe, determine **&***' and be no longer paid and that no diftiiier shall have a licence, pv be permitted to fell any fpirituous liquors, mixed or unmixed,

nvitb

i75**3 Anno vioefimo quarto GEQitfiU IL e. 40;	3	jjr

•with any ingredients, by retail, after the said twenty fourth day of Juntane thousand seven hundred and fifty one,

tV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall Penalties of extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or vacate the feve- a&» ral penalties and forfeitures impofed by the said adt of the twen- beltlUlniorcc* tietn year of his said present Majtfty^s reign.

V.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, After t That in lieu and Head of the said duty of five pounds, granted March 1751, and	1	'	* r 1 ‘	’	*	‘	’	1	’--------'	1	“	'	‘

year <

pealed as aforesaid, there (hall, from and after the twenty ccnccs to rc_ day of Marti one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be ^\\ fpirituous railed, levied, colledtcd and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs liquors, and fuecefiors, an additional duty of twenty (hillings per annum for every licence that (hail be taken out by any person or per-fens for the retailing fpirituous liquors, purfuant to the directions of the adt of parliament made in the fixteenth year of his l6Gc0 c « present Majesty’s reign (intituled. An act for repealing certain du- 1 ties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame \ and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the said liquors) and of this adt, or either of them ; which said additional duty of twenty (hillings shall from time to time be paid down in like manner, and at the fame time, and be raifed, levied, colledcd and paid by the fame means and methods, and under the like penalties, as the duty upon licences to be granted by virtue of the laid adt made in the fixteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, is diredted to be raifed, levied, collected and paid.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Powers, &c. That all and every the powers, authorities, diredtions, rules, given by any methods, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things	cxcife,

which in and by an adt made in the twelfth year of the reign of	regard^

King Charles the Second (intituled. An act for taking away the thefc duties. court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Gapite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Maje~ jly in lieu thereof) or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale or other liquors are provided, fettled or eftablifned, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, colledting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing^ detedting and punching frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this adt) shall be exercifed, pradtifed, applied, ufed, impofed, levied, recovered and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, colledting, mitigating, adjudging, alcertaining, reco-■ vering and paying the duties and penalties hereby granted, and' for preventing, detedting and punilhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purposes, as if aH and every the laid powers, authorities, rules, diredtions, methods,, penalties and forfeitures^ daufes, matters and things were particularly Repeated, and again enadied in the body of this present

^	VI1.4**'

238	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40.	£1751.

VII.	And whereas by an act made in the fifteenth year of his 16Geo.*, c. 8. Majejlfs reign, it is enafted, That no licence jhall be granted to any person or persons whatsoever for felling by retail any fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters whatsoever, except to such persons only who Jhall keep taverns, viftualling-houfes, inns, coffee-houfes or ale-houfes •, and that tf any such licences Jhall be granted to any other persons than as aforesaid, the fame are thereby declared void to all intents and purpofes: and it is thereby also enabled* That if any person or persons Jhallprefume or offer to retail any of the faidfpirituous liquors, without taking out such licence as is therein mentioned, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner therein mentioned*, he, Jhe or they Jhall rejpeftive-ly forfeit and lofe the sum of ten pounds for each offence; and in cafe such person or persons Jhall refufe or negleft to pay the said fum of ten pounds, the Jame being lawfully demanded, it Jhall and may be lawful for any one or more juflice or juftices of the peace of any county y riding, divifion, city or liberty, Upon information upon oath being made before him or them, of such refufal or negleft, by warrant under his or their hand and feal\ or hands and feals, to commit such person or persons to the houfe of correction for the county, riding, divifion, city or liberty wherein such person or persons Jhall rejide, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpase of two months, to berukoned fromtheday of the said commitment; and the person or per-fons Jhall not be difcharged, until, he, Jhe or they Jhall have paid the said fum of ten pounds, or until the full expiration of the said two months; and that nothing in the said aft Jhall extend, or be conjlrued to enable any person or persons to fell any fpirituous liquors or Jlrong waters' by retail, unless such person or persons be first licenfcd to fell ale or fpirituous liquors, by two or more of bis Majfly's jujlices of th* peace for the county, riding, divifion, city or liberty wherein such person or persons Jhall fell the said liquors, Under the hands and feals of the 1 Geo c 1 f°id luft*ce*: and whereas by one other aft made in the fevtnteentn year 17	*	7*	of his Majejiy s reign, it is enafted. That in cafe where a licence

Jhall have been granted for retailing fpirituous liquors, to any person who Jhall, at the time of granting such licence, keep a tavern, vie-tualling-boufe, inn, coffee-houfe or ale-houfe, if such person fo licenced\ Jhall afterwards, during the time of continuing such licence, exercife the trade of a dijliller, grocer or chandler, or keep a brandy Jhop or Jhops for fale of any fpirituous liquors, the licence granted in every such cafe Jhall be void; and such persons retailing fpirituous liquors afterwards Jhall forfeit ten pounds for every such offence, notwithjland-ing such licence Jo obtained as aforesaid; and that no licence for retail-ing fpirituous liquors Jhall authorize and impowerany perfon, to whom the fame may be granted, to fell such fpirituous liquors in any other place, except in such houfes or places thereunto belonging, wherein he, Jhe or they fall inhabit and dwell, at the time of granting such licence: and whereas it may be doubted, whether the said penalty of ten pounds can be recovered within the Vmits of the head office of excife in Lon-Tbc penalty of ^on, before Q	°r jujlices of peace: be it hereby declared

10I on unli- and enacted, That the fai l ten pounds penalty may be re-ten fed mail- covered ; and any person retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors may be ^ without 3 licence^ wjthiq the §f flic said head office, may be

I751*] Anno vlcefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40.	239

convicted before any juftice of the peace for the city, county or f°rc any ju-liberty where the offence hath been or shall be committed, as ftlcc* well as before the commifTioners of excife; and that such penal - penalty not 4y shall not in any cafe, either by the said commiflioners or ju- to be reduced ftices of the peace, be mitigated or reduced below the sum of below 5I. five pounds.

VIII.	And for the further reftridtion of such licences, and None to be lithe granting thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, cenfed to re-That no licence for the felling by retail of fpirituous liquors tail, but such shall be granted, within the limits of the head office of excife in **	^

London, but to such as shall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards, and for which they shall accordingly be rated and pay in the parilh rates; nor to any person in any other part of the kingdom, where there are rates to church and poor, but to such as shall be afTeffed and pay to the church and poor in the several parishes and places in which they shall be refpedtively licenfed ; and that no licence shall be of any avail to any person not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the person fo licenfed shall be qualified as aforesaid, but shall be absolutely void.

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any ^ person not authorized by law, shall retail any fpirituous liquors, unlicenced re-fuch person shall not only be fubjedfc to the penalties now in being tailers, for the for such offence of retailing fpirituous liquors without licence, butoffence* all the diddled fpirituous liquors that shall then, or at any time or times afterwards, within fix calendar months after conviction for such offence, be found in the cudody of such offender or in the houfe, lodgings, (hop or warehoufe where such offence shall be committed, or any court, yard, ground or place occupied therewith, whether then in the occupation of such offender or not, or in the occupation of any other person whomfoever, shall and may be feized, by warrant of the laid commiflioners, or of any judice or judices of the peace, within their refpedtive ju-rifdidtions; and the famp (hall, by virtue of such warrant, forthwith, on finding the fame, be daved or otherwise dedroyed ; for which purpose any peace or parilh officer, authorized by such warrant as aforesaid, shall have power at any time within the space of fix months after convidtion as aforesaid, to enter filch places and break open doors, if not opened on demand ; and if Penalty of a any person who hath been or hereafter shall be convidled of any fecondoffence; such offence, (hall, after such conviction, again offend in like manner, and shall thereof be lawfully convidted as aforesaid, then it shall and may be (awful to and for the commiflioners or juffices refpedtively, before whom such offender shall be con-vidted of such subsequent offence, as well to inflidt the penalties by any former law to be inflidted for such offence, as also to commit such offender to the houfe of corredtion, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, and also (if they shall think fit) to order such offender to be whipt; and in cafe any person who shall havp been convidted of tUiid offence iucji subsequent offence as aforesaid, shall offend again in like fciony»

manner,

 i^ooQie

and the offender to be jbrtmfported.

Couwniflkm-ers of excifc, an(l juftices, may grant warrants for offences.

manner, such farther offence shall be deemed felony; and dto offender being indicted, and lawfully convicted thereof, (hsli fuffer as in cates of felony, and may, by the juftices of the peace of the county or place where such felony shall be committed, at their general or quarter feflionl (who are hereby impowered to bear and determine such felony) be ordered to be tranfported to any of his Majesty’s plantations, for any time not exceeding seven years.

X.	And for the better difcovery and puniftunent of such offenders as aforesaid, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for thecommiflioners of excife, and juftices of the peace, within their re(peCtive jurifdi&ions, or any one or more of such juftices, upon oath made before him or them, of any offence committed against this a6t, or any other law in force for reftraining or regulating the retailing of diftilled fpirituous liquors, to grant their warrant to any of the peace officers, or other parish officers, of the parifti or place where such offence shall be fworn to have been committed, to enter and fearch the houfe, lodgings, (hop, warehoufe, cellars and other places where such offences shall be fworn to be committed, or in the occupation of the person fworn to be guilty thereof, and the officer or officers, person or persons, authorised by fudx warrant, shall and may enter such houfes, lodgings, (hops, ware-^ houfes and other places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not forthwith opened upon demand, and fearch for and feize all such diftilled fpirituous liquors as they shall there find, and detain the fame until the matter of the (aid offence shall be heard and determined; and in cafe the offender be convicted of such offence, the liquors fo found shall be forthwith (laved and deftroyed as aforesaid, and if such person shall not be convicted, then the fame shall be itftored*

......__7	__	XI.	And	be	it	enaCted	by	the authority aforesaid. That if any

felling, &c. li> diftiller or other person shall knowingly fell or deliver, orcaufe quors, to be to be fold and delivered by his fervants or others, direCtly or in-tailcd*or to* directly, any quantity of diftilled fpirituous liquors to any perfon, to the end that the fame may be unlawfully retailed, or unto any unlicenfed retailer of fpirituous liquors, such diftiller or other person shall forfeit and lofe the sum of ten pounds, and also treble the value of all such fpirituous liquors fo fold or delivered ; one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fuccef-Applicstioti of (ors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as will fue the penalty. for tjie fame^ jn any Q( fjf8 Majesty’s courts of record at Wejl~ minjler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be 1 a-c grantcd or allowed; and if anv person guilty of retailing diftH-coverin^ and fpirituous liquors shall di(cover the diftiller or other person conviam^ the who shall have knowingly fupplied him with such liquors as dhtiUn, in. aforesaid, and shall profecute such diftiller or other person for \°fame’ without fraud or wilful delay, until he be convicted penalty, and hereof, fu.ch proiecutor lhall qot only beiatitled to his laid (hare fade maided.	,	of

Diftiller, &c.

unlicenfed re tailcrs, to for feit 101. and treble tbe value.



241

I75*-] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. C.40.

of the penalty, but shall alfp be indemnified against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by him before the commencement of such his profeeution, for felling fpirituous liquors without licence.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, No debt under That from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven 20 s> hundred and fifty one, no person or persons whatsoever, shall contracted at be intitled unto or maintain any caufe, aCtion or fuit for, oronetime, rerecover either in law or equity, any fum or fums of money, coverable, &c# debt or demands whatsoever, for or on account of any fpirituous liquors, unless such debt shall have really been and bona fide contracted at one time, to the amount of twenty (hillings or upwards ; nor shall any particular article or item in any account or demand for diftilled fpirituous liquors be allowed or maintained, where the liquors delivered at one time, and mentioned in such article or item, shall not amount to the full value of twenty (hillings at the lead, and that without fraud or covin ; and where no part of the liquors fo fold or delivered shall have been returned or agreed to be returned direCUy or indirectly ; and in cafe any retailer of fpirituous liquors, with or without a licence, lhall take or receive any pawn or pledge from Retailerlak-any person or persons whatsoever, byway of fecurity for the j.nS ^ pledge payment of any fum or fums of money owing by such person or	t0

persons for such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, every such person or persons offending herein shall forfeit and lofe the sum of forty (hillings for each and every pawn or pledge fo taken in or received by him or them, to be levied and recovered by warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace where the offence is committed ; and that one moiety thereof shall be AoDlicationof to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h where such offence is com- the^penalty, mitted, and the other moiety to the informer or informers; and the person or persons to whom any such pawn or pledge Owner may doth or shall belong, shall have the fame remedy for recovering recover his such pawn, or the value thereof, as if it had never been pledged. PlcdSe-

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, No jjccnce to That no licence shall be granted for the retailing of fpirituous be granted for liquors within any gaol, prison, houfe of correction, workhoufe, retailing fpi-or houfe of entertainment for any parish poor, and that all li- rituousliquors cences granted or to be granted, contrary to this provifion, shall fr*cor-be void and of no effeCt from and after the said first day of July re&ion or one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and if any gaoler* work-houfes. keeper or officer of any gaol, prison or houfe of correction, or	&c..

any governor, mafter or officer of any workhoufe or houfe for nUt^0usi1quor» the entertainment of any parish poor, shall fell, ufe, lend or give to be ufed away, or knowingly permit or fuffer any fpirituous liquors or there, &c. ftrong waters to be fold, ufed, lent or given away, in any such gaols, prisons or houfes of correction, or brought into the fame; other than and except such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters as shall be preferibed or given by the prefeription and direction of a regular phyfician, furgeon or apothecary, and to be applied in purfuance of such prefeription, from the (hop of fome regular

Vol. XX,

R

apo-



and for a fe-cond offence, to forfeit his office.

242	Anno	vicefimo	quarto Georgii II. 0,40.	(1751.

apothecary, every such gaoler, keeper, governor, mailer or to forfeit iool. other officer, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds ; one moiety thereof to his Majeftfy and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to fucp person or persons as will fue for the fame, in any of his Majc-fty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, by action or debt, bill, plaint or information » wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in cafe any such gaoler or other officer, being convicted thereof as a-forefaid, shall again offend in like manner, and be thereof a fe~ cond time lawfully convicted, such fecond offence shall be deemed a forfeiture of his office.

Juftices, upon XIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, information That from and after the said first day of July onethoufand seven that liquors hundred and fifty one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s are^kept, &c. juftices of the peace, or any one of them, upon information up-mav ent^	on oat^ That any such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters are

fearch; orim- kept and difpofed of in any such gaol, prison, houfeof correction, power any workhoufe or houfc of entertainment for parish poor, in Great conftable fo to Britain, to enter and fearch, or to authorize and impower any do*	conftable,	headborough or other peace officer of the parish where

any such places are (ituated, by warrant under his hand and feal to enter and fearch any such gaol, prison, houfe of correction, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parish poor; and in cafe any such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters shall be found therein (except fuch-as are directed to be ufed medicinally as and feize and aforesaid) it shall and may be lawful for such conftable, headbo-ftave the fame, rough or overfeer of the poor, to feize such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, and to cat^fe the fame to be forthwith (laved and deftroyed.

Perfons carry-	XV. And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That no

ing, liquors person shall carry or bring, or attempt or endeavour to carry or into fuch	bring any diftilled fpirituous liquors (except to be ufed in the way

houfes,	0f medicine as herein before mentioned) into any gaol, prison,

houfe of correClion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parish poor; and if any person or persons shall offend therein, it shall be lawful for the gaoler, keeper, mafter or chief officer of such gaol, prison, houfe of correClion, work-houfe, or houfe of entertainment for parish poor, or his or their fervants, to apprehend such person or persons, and to carry him, her or them before a juftice of the peace of the county, divifion, city, town corporate or liberty, where such gaol, prison, botife of correClion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parish poor is fituate (who is hereby impowered to hear and determine such offence in a fummary way, and to adminifter an oath to the witneffes) and if by the oath of one credible witness or other wife, vision, to be he shall conviCl such person or persons of such offence, he shall committed, or forthwith commit such offender or offenders to prison, or to the exceed^n™ ToT houfe °f correction, there to be kept in cuftody for any thne ITuXn not exceeding three months, without bail or mainprize, unless 10I*	fuch

to be taken before a juftice;

and on con-

243

if $t,]	Anno tlcefimo quarto OtoUGii II. c. 40.

Rich offenders rdpedtively shall immediately pay down such Aim or fums of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, and got leCs than ten pound*, as the juftice shall impofe upon such offenders federally, as their fines 5 to be paid, one moiety to the informer. Application and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of such gaol, prison, of the torfei-houfe of corredtion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for ture# pari fh poor.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.
That every gaoler, keeper* matter and chief officer of every gaol, prison, houfe of corredtion, work-houfe and houfe of entertainment for any parifti poor, shall on or before the first day of Auguft onethouland seven hundred and fifty one, procure one or more copy of copies of the three preceding claufes, to be A copy of the printed or fairly written, and hung up in one of the moft pub- fhrce preced-iick places of his gaol, prison, houfe of corredtion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parish poor, and renew the fame Upjn gaols, from time to time, fo that it may be always kept fair and legible, &c. on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty (hillings for every wilful under penalty default, to be levied by warrant of any juftice of the peace ofof 40 s. the county, divifion, city, town corporate or liberty where such gaol, prison, houfe of corredtion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parifti poor, shall be fituate, to be granted on convidtion of such default, in a fummary way, before such juftice, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles (which Oath such juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) and it shall and may be lawful for every juftice of the peace, to enter into any gaol, prison, houfe of corredtion, work-houfe or houfe of Juftice may entertainment for parish poor, within the limits of his juriftic-^ e™al?d a ~ tion, and demand a fight of such copy fo hung up as aforesaid ; and if thefame and if the fame shall not be forthwith Ihewn to him fo hung up be not fair, in fome publick place, fair and legible as aforesaid, such juftice may convidt shall and may immediately convidt such gaoler, keeper, mafterthe gaokn&c* or officer of such default, and fo, from time to time, as often as he shall think fit; one moiety of the said penalty to be paid Application of to the informer, and the other moiety (or the whole if there be the penalty, no informer) to the ufe of the poor of such gaol, prison, houfe of corredtion, work-houfe or houfe of entertainment for parifti poor.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, juices to That all and every his Majesty’s juftices of the peace within thetranfmit dties of London and JVejlmviJltr, and borough of Southwark, or monthly, to within the limits of the head office of excife in London, (hall

once in every month tranfmit to the clerk of the peace for the certificate of county where they act, a certificate of all persons convidted be- per onscon* fore them refpedtively, for any offences committed agamft this rifted, or any former adt or adts of parliament, relating to fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, or for licenfing the retailers thereof; who is hereby authorized and required to keep and enter the t0 h* entered fame among the publick records of the court of the quarter-	rc"

ftffions of the counties refpedtively, where such convidHon shall or * be fo certified y Which certificates shall be evidence upon any in-

R 2	formation

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40. , [17^

formation directed by this or any other a& relating to fpirituous liquors.

XVllI.	And whereas by an afl of parliament made and paffed m the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his majesty King \Viiliam theThirdy (intituled, An a& for repealing a claufein a former act relating to' party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abufes of brewers, and others chargeable with the duties of ex-cife ;) it was (amongfl other, things) tnafledy That no common difiil-ler or maker of low wines, fpirits or flrong waters for fale or exportation y Jhonld at any time after the tenth day of April one tboufani fix hundred and ninety feven, erefl or fet up any tun, cafky wajb-batchy coppery fill or other veffel for the brewingy making or keeping any wortSy wafby low witieSy fpirits or frong watersy nor alter or enlarge any tutiy cafky vjafhbatchy coppery fill or other veffel already ere fled or fet upy nor fhould have or keep any private or concealed tuny cafky ivafhbatchy coppery fill or other veffely nor any private or concealed warehoufcy forehoufcy cellar or other place for the brnvingy makingy laying or keeping any wortSy wofh, low winesy fpirits or frong watersy without firf giving notice thereof at the next office of exctfcy within the limits or jurifdiflion whereof he or they did or fhould inhabit, upon pain offorfeiting for every tuny cajk^ wafhbatchy coppery f illy warchoufy fcrehoufcy cellar, or other place, fo ere fled or fet upy altered or cnlargedy kept private or concealedy the, fum of twenty pounds; and that all and every person or persons in whofe occupation any houfey out-houfe or other place whatsoevery was, or fhould bey where any such private or concealed tun% cafky wafhbatchy coppery filly warehoufey forehoufe or cellar fhould be dlfcover--ed or foundy fhould also forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds.: find whereas the number of cajks and other veffels ufed by difillers being very great, and the officers not being impowered to mark the famty fa as to be enabled to difinguifh the entered veffcls from thofie that are not enteredy it is impoffikle for the gauger to prove the particular veffel unenteredy and confcquently to co?>vifl the offender, agreeable to the intent and meaning of the aforesaid afl : and whereas difillers at pre-fent are not confined to keep their after-runnings or feints from the fecond extraflion in any particular vejfilsy which makes it impcffible for the gauger to keep an exafl fock of the said after-runnings or feints: and whereas fome difillers taking the opportunity of the officers abfencey do frequently charge their fills, either in the whole or in party with wafh privately brought iny and when the officers find the fill fo chargedy the difillers alledge, by way of ex cufey that such fills are charged with after-runnings or feint Sy which the officers are not able to difprovCy by reason of their not having an exafl account of the said after-runnings or feints; in which cafes the revenue is greatly defrauded by the difillers obtaining relief of the duty wherewith they are chargedy upon their complaints of an overcharge: therefore.to remedy such defefts, and the better to prevent such frauds ,; be Diftiller to it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the laid TvC(f °f first daY of Ju1* one t^ou^an^ seven hundred and fifty one, every aiaUktion°r	or	maker	of	low	wines	or	fpirits	for	fale or exportation*

he. 9 ihall within ten days after the said hrft day of July one t^ouland

‘ ' (even

*44

S&9W.3. c. 19.

 LiOOQle

•V751!*] .Armo vicefimo quarto GeoRGII II. 0.40# .	24S.

Teven hundred and fifty one, and all persons who shall after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty one,

•become diftillers or makers of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation, shall ten days before he, (he or they diftil or make fany fpirituous liquors, make a true and particular entry in writing, at the next office of excife, within the limits whereof his, lier or their workhoufe, ftillhoufe,ftorehoufe, warehoufe or other place ufed for diftilling or keeping wa(h, low wines or fpirits, is or shall be fituate, of all and every dill, copper, ton, wafiibatch, cafk or other veflel which he, fhe or they shall make ufe of for the brewing, diftilling, working, making, laying or keeping any vefi*els for worts, wafh, low wines, fpirits or ftrong waters, and also of the brewing or cafks or veflels which every such diftiller or maker of low wines keeping the or fpirits for fale or exportation as aforesaid, shall make ufe of, afterrunning* for the brewing, holding or keeping of the after-runnings or °he fecond exfeints from the fecond extra&ion, which shall from time to time tra&ion, not be drawn from every such ftill, (which said laft-mentioned cafks toexceed twoj or veflels shall not at any one time exceed two in number, at any such diftillers or makers! of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation) and also of all such new utenfils as such diftillers or makers of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation shall make ufe of for the purposes aforesaid, on pain that every such Penalty, diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation, shall forfeit and lofe for every such ftill, copper, tun, vtralhbatch, cafk or other veflel herein before mentioned, which shall be made ufe of and not entered as aforesaid, the sum of fifty pounds; and every such diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale Diftiller to or exportation as aforesaid, is hereby required to (hew to the fhew the gauger or officer of excife, who furveys his, her or their work-houfe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe or other place ufed for “ an vc # diftilling or keeping wafh, low wines or fpirits, every such ftill, copper, tun, wafhbatch, cafk or other veflel fo entered, and he the said officer is hereby required to mark the fame with a particular, diftindl and durable mark ; and every ftill, copper, tun,

•walhbatch, cafk, and any veflel which shall at any time or times be ufed by any such diftiller or maker of low wines and fpirits for fale or exportation, for any of the purposes aforesaid, without being fo (hewn or marked, shall t>e deemed a veflel or utenfil of which no entry has been made ; and if any person or persons whatsoever, shall at any time or times hereafter, after such ftill, • copper, tun, wafhbatch, cafk or other veflel, shall have been fo marked by such officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such mark fo fixed upon any such ftill, copper, tun, walhbatch, cafk or other veflel by such officer as aforesaid, he, (he or they fo offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the lum of twenty pounds.

XIX.	And in order to enable the gauger the better to dete£i such frauds, by having proper proof to lay before the refpedlive courts where such and other offences against the laws relating to thefe duties shall be heard and determined $ be it further en- The gauger a<fted, That from and after the said first day of July one thou- may take a -	R3	fand	fa®plc of low

i\6 wines and font*, paying for the fame.

Penalty of ob-ftru&ing officers therein.

Diftiller to give notice before he receive* any fermented waffi i

finder penalty of 501.

Drawback of

the duties allowed on exportation of ipirits made jn Great Britain.

t

Anno viccflmo quarto GeoRGII II, C. 40:	[1751.

fand (even hundred and fifty-one, it shall and may be lawful for any gauger or officer of excife at any time or times to take a fample of such low wines or fpirits, and of feints and (pent wafh, paying for such fpirits or low wines, after the rate 01 ten (hill* ings per gallon ; and for the said feints and fpent wafh, after the rate of one (hilling per gallon; and in cafe any such diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation, or any workman or fervant belonging to him, her or them shall refufe to permit such gauger or officer to take such famples as afore-faid, or shall any ways hinder or obftruft him or them in taking such famples, such diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounas.

XX.	And whereas difillers and makers of low wines or fpirits for fale or exportation, very frequently take in wajb, when privately pre-pared, and charge their f ills in the officers abfence, and by thefe means run great quantities of wajh, low wines and fpirits \ the better to prevent such frauds for the future, be it further enabled, That from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, every diftiller or maker of low wines or fpU rits for fale or exportation, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (hall, twenty-four hours at leaft, and in other parts of Great Britain, forty-eight hours at leaft, before he, (he or they receive any quantity of wine, cyder, fugar, water or any kind of fermented wafh wnatfoever, into his, her or their cu(r tody, give notice to the gauger or officer of excifc, who furvey$ his, her or their workhoufc, of the particular quantity of such divine, cyder, fugar, water or any kind of fermented wafh, and the fpecies thereof, and of the time when he, (he or they (hal| intend to receive the fame into his, her or their cuftody, on pain of forfeiting and lofing for every offence in not giving such notice, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI.	And, for the encouragement of the exportation of fpirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, from the materials afore-faid, or any of them ; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, there shall be a drawback or allowance of the several and refpeftive duties charged by this aft, on such fpirits fo drawn or made in Great Britain, which shall be exported to parts beyond the feas; and upon oath being made before any two or more of the commiflioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any such fpirits are intended to be exported, that the duties of the fame are duly entered and paid, and that the fame are exported for merchan-

* dize to be fpent beyond the feas; and upon producing a certificate under the hands of the officers of excife for the port or place where such fpirits were (hipped, of the quantities fo (hipped, and that the fame were (hipped in the prefence of such offi-r cersj the diftiller or diftfllers, or other person or persons exporting the fame, shall be allowed or paid back by the commiflioners of excife, or their collector, for the port or place where '	fuch





175*•] Anno vicefimo quarto Gf.orgii II. c. 40.	247

fuch fpirits shall be (hipped off, the several duties charged thereupon by this act accordingly.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Brewers,inn-That from and after the said first day of July one thousand fe-

ven hundred and fifty-one, no person or persons whatsoever, be- in fpirit8> &c. ing a common brewer of ale or beer, or innkeeper, diftilier or nor to a a as other feller of or dealer in any kind of fpirituous liquors, or who juftices relat-is, or are or shall be interefted in any of the said trades or bu- J^to thc finefles, (hall, during such time as he or they shall be such com- 1 ery* mpn brewer, innkeeper, diftilier or other feller of or dealer in fpirituous liquors, or interefted in any of the said trades or bufi-nefles, be capable or have any power to adt, or shall be diredtly or indirectly concerned in adking as a juftice of the peace, in any matter or thing whatsoever, which shall any ways concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by any adk or adks of parliament, in any wife relating to diftillers or makers of low wines, fpirits or ftrong waters for fale, or to the duty or duties impofed upon low wines, jjpirits or ftrong waters, or any other kind of fpirituous liquors whatsoever, or to the granting licences to the retailers of fpirituous liquors.

XXIII.	And whereas it has been doubted whether the feveralpow-ers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, punijhments and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, which Wire provided, fettled, directed, ejiabhjhed or impofed by any ad or aCts of parliament made face the fixtb year of his present Majeflys reign, relating to the fell-ing fpirituous liquors without licence, might be lawfully exereifed, im-pofed, inflicted and recovered againfl any person for retailing fpiritu-ous liquors, in lejs quantity than two gallons, in regard the quantity of fpirituous liquors which might be lawfully fold without licence, without fobjecting the feller thereof to be deemed a retailer of fpirituous liquors, is different in the said aCl of thc fixteenth year of his present Majeflys reign, from that in the feventeenth year of his said 16 Geo. a. cS.

Majefly's reign, (intituled, An adk for granting to his Majesty ^Geo.i.c.i;. the Surplus or remainder of the monies arifen or to arise by the duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an adt of the laft feflion of parliament; and for explaining and amending the said adt, in relation to the retailers of such liquors; and for eftablilhing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eafl Indies *,) now in order to put an end to such The powers doubts, be it enacted and declared. That all and every the pow- ind penalties, ers, authorities, diredtions, rules, methods, penalties, punifti- &c- prov»dul ments and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, provided, fettled, diredted, eftablifhed or impofed, by any adt or adks of6 Geo. a. re-parliament made fince the fixth year of his present Majesty’s lating to the reign, relating to the felling fpirituous liquors without licence, felling fpiritu-(except the forfeiture or penalty of one hundred pounds impof-OU8 llcluor$> ed by an act of the ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign. Exception, intituled. An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of fpirituous liquors \ and for licenfing the retailers thereof,) may for the future, and from the time of the commencement of the said adt of parliament, made in the feventeenth year of liis prefcnt Majesty’s

R 4	reign

 LiOOQle

248	Anno	vicefimd	quart*) Georgii II. c.40.'	[1751;

reign* might have been lawfully exereifed, pradifed, applied, to be in’force. ufed, impofed, infli&ed, levied and recovered, in regard to all and every person and persons that have offended, or mail offend against the said a&s of the fixteenth and feventeenth years of has said Majesty’s reign, or this a<ft, or any or either ot them, in like manner as they might have been, in relation to persons offending against the said several and refpecftive a<fts, or any of them, made fince the fixth year of his said present Majesty’s v reign.

9 Geo. 1,0.13. XXIV. And whereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament pafjfei in the ninth year of his prejent Majesty, (intituled, An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of fpirituous liquors, and for licen-fing the retailers thereof) it is enafted, That nothing in the fame aft contained Jhould extend to enable any person to fell any fpirituous liquors or Jlrong waters by retail, unless such person be fir ft licenfei by two or more juftices of the peace for the county or place where Juch person Jhould fell the said liquors, under the hands and feals of the said juftices; for which licence or licences the sum of two Jhillings and fix pence, and no more, Jhould be paid to the clerks of such jufti-ceSj and no fee or sum of money, or other reward whatsoever, to tbt clerk or clerks of the peace for entering the fame, or on any other at-county on pain offorfeiting five pounds, in cafe any of the said juftices clerks, or any clerk of the peace, Jhould ask or receive any fee> otbfr than as above, on account of such licences: and whereas by another claufe in an aft of parliament pajfed in the fixteenth year of the reign *6Geo.i.c.8. of his present Majesty (intituled, An aeft for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the said liquors) the said firft-recited aft is in part repealed; and fome doubts having artfen, whether the said firft~rexcited claufe, limiting the fees for licences to two Jhillings and fix pence each, be repealed or not, the clerks of juftices of the peace, in many parts of this kingdom, have taken larger fees for such licencet9'contrary to the intention of the said aft: and whereas no particular method is preferibed in the fame aft for the recovery of the before-mentioned penalty of five pounds: now to put an end to all doubts concerning the said firft-recited claufe, and the method of fuing for and recovering the said penalty therein contained, be it dtf-The claufe in clared and ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the said rtf-9 Geo. *. re- cited claufe in the aforesaid act of the ninth year of his present of^ufUces Majesty’s reign, reftraining or intending to reftrain the clerks of cterks lor fif* juftices of the peace for afking or receiving more than two fhiit-cences, to be mgs and fix pence for each licence therein mentioned, is now in force. and (hall, from Iienceforth,be and remain in full force.

Penalties how XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, *6 be recover- That all penalties and forfeitures by the said firft-recited clbufe od.	impofed,	(hall	or	may	be	fued for, levied and recovered by ac-

tion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty*s courts of record at IVeftmbfter, or by rndi&ment at the aflizes, or at the general or quarter sessions of rhd peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, for the ufe of

the





1751 •]	Anno vicefimo quarto GeorGII II. C. 40.	$49

the person or pcrfon9 who shall fue or profecute for the fame; in which fuits no eflbin, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVL Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this aft con- Aqua Vitae tained shall extend to charge with any of the duties direfted to .ma^e in Scot* be paid, levied or received as aforesaid, any fpirits made or dif- ^ exeml) * tilled from malt, and retailed and confumed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which fpirits are commonly called and known bv the name of Aqua Vita, in that part of the kingdom, or to lubjeft the makers, fellers and retailers* thereof, within that part of the kingdom, to take such licences as are herein before direfted.

XXVII.	And whereat by an aft of parliament made and pajfed txCar.a. c.14. in the twelfth year of the reigrt of hit late Majesty King Charles

the fecondy (intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof) it is amongfl other things enafted, That all parts of the cities of London and Westminster, and the borough of Southwark, and the several fuburbs thereof and parijbes within the weekly bills v cf mortality, Jball be under the immediate care9 infpeftion and management of the head office of excife in London: and whereas fmee the paffwg of the said aft, the partfb of faint Mary le Bon in the county of Mjddfefex, is greatly increafed in buildings and inhabitants, and is contiguous to the parijbes within the said bids of mortality ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the The parifli of said parish of faint Mary leBon (hall, from and after the laid firft	lc

day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be deem- der\he infpec-ed and taken, and is hereby declared to be under the immedi- tion of the ate care, infpeftion and management of the said head office of head office of excife; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any cxcife# wife notwithstanding.	*

XXVIII.	And it is further enacted by the authority afordaid, Perfon* affem-That if any persons, to the number of five or more, shall from

and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred to beat infer-and fifty-one, in a tumultuous and riotous manner afTemble men, &c. themselves to refeue any offenders against this or any other aft, relating to fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, or for licenfing the retailers thereof, or to aflault, beat or wound any person or persons who shall have given or be about to give any information againft, or shall have difeovered or given evidence againft, or shall feize or bring to juftice any person or persons offending against this or any of the said former afts, or forceably to op-pofe the execution of any of the powers given by this aft, that then, all and every person or persons fo affembling, their aiders and abettors, being thereof lawfully convifted, shall be, and be to be guilty of adjudged to be guilty of felony; and every such felon shall befdony, fubjeft and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felony; and the courts by and before whom he, (he or they shall be convifted, shall have full power and authority of trailfport- an(j tranfport-ing fuels felon and felons for the space of seven years, to any of ed for 7 year*, -	his



a so

4Geo. i. c. ii.

6 Geo. x.c.25.

Penalties how to be recovered*

Limitation of a&ions.

General iflue,

Treble cofts.

Perfons fued, intitled to the benefit of xiGeo.a.c.a6

Where the penalty on con-▼ it ion of' unlawful retaiU

Amo vlcefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 40.	f 1751.

hia jVlajefty’s colonies *nd plantations in America, upon the like terms and conditions as are given, directed and enaded by ao ad made in the fourth' year of the reign of his late majesty Ring George the First (intituled. An act for the further preventing robbery burglary and other felonies; and for the more effcftual tremf-portaticn of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool-,) and bv an act made in the fixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First (intituled, An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies i and for the more effeftual tranf-por union *ffelons.)

XXIX.	And be it further enaded and declared by the author rity aforesaid, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures impofed by this or any other act relating to the duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the commiflioners of excife, shall be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such ways, means and methods as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife (not etherwife directed by this ad) or by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJl-tninjhr, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotlandand that one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture shall be to bis Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who (ball difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

XXX.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fued or profccuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of or by colour of this ad, or of any matter gr thing in this ad contained, such adion or profecution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the of-fence shall be committed, and shall be laid in the proper county ; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and ibcfir defence; and if upon trial a verdid shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit-ed, or difeontinue bis fuit or profecution, or if judgment be given for the defendant or defendants, upon demurrer or other-wife ; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXI.	And belt further enaded by the authority aforefajd. That all persons fued or profecuted for any thing done in or relating to the execution of this present ad, shall be intitled to all the privileges and benefits for their legal defence that are provided or enaded in or by an ad of parliament made in the eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign (intituled. An act for the enforcing the .(execution of an act made in the ninth year of his Majestys reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty on the retailers or (pirituous, liquors, and for licenfing the retailers thereof) for persons employed in the execution of the said ad.

XXXII.	And for the encouragement of thofe who shall difeover offences committed against this ad, be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That from and^ter the said first day of



I75i«] Anqo viceGmoquarto Georgii IL 0.41^	25*

July one thpufand seven hundred and fifty one, where any per- er$, shall not Ton or perlbns shall be lawfully convi&ed of any offence in un- Pa,d lawfully retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors, and the pecuniary m 1 month» penalty hereby, or by any other adl of parliament innidted for luch offence, shall not be paid, and cannot be levied by the space of one month next enuring the time of such conviction, it ihall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of excife in Eng» the commif-land and Scotland refpedtively, to caufe such reward as they shall Goners of exthink fit, not exceeding five pounds each, to be paid to the fe- ™ veral and refpe<5tive persons who shall appear to them to be inti-1 tied thereto as informers, out qf any monies in their hands a-rifing by any penalties or forfeitures for the like offences as gforefaid.

CAP. XLI.

An all for the wore effectual securing the duties upon to-

hacco.

WHEREAS, notwithjlanding the lam heretofore made relating to the importation of tobacco into Great Britain from hit Majejljs plantations in America, and for securing the duties ike find payable thereon upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, and also with regard to the exportation of tobacco front Great Britain to foreign partsy many great frauds and abufes are frequently Contrived^ committed and carried on by foveral ill-deftgntng persons concerned in the different branches of bufinefs and trade in tobacco, to the great prejudice of bis Majejlfs revenue, and to the great lofs and difeouragement of the fair traders, fo that it is btcome  necessary that fome further provifion fbould be made for the more effectual preventing the fame for the future $ be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and cohfent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament afiemWed, and by the authority of the fame. That VefleU taking from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven in tobacco at hundred and fifty two, when any (hip or ve(Tel whatsoever (hallthc Plan*ati-have taken in tobacco at any port or place whatsoever, within Britain, offi^r hisMajesty’s plantations in America, in order to convey the fame of the customs from thence into Great Britain (except such tobacco as shall be to aive the water-bom before the said twenty fifth day of March one thou-feven hundred anil fifty two) the collector or comptroller, or dumber1 and 6 other chief officer, or any two of them, employed in thc man- tare of the agement of thc cuftoms, at such port or other place, where such packages, &c. (hip or veftel shall have taken in tobacco, (hall, at and upon the clearing of every such (hip or veflel by the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpofe, deliver to the mafter, commander or other person taking charge of any such (hip or veftel, a manifeft or content in writing, under his and their hands and feals- of office, which shall contain a true account of all the tobacco loaden on board every such (hip or vef-fel, with the number of hogftieads, calks, cherts and other packages cpntaining the fame, and the quantity of the tobacco contained iq each particular hogfhead, calk, cheft and other pack-,	"	6	"age



252

Anno viccfimo quarto Georgii IL 0.41^	£1751.

age, together with the marks and numbers fet on each and every hogfhead, calk, cheft, or other package thereof, with tho care of each particular hogfhead, calk, cheft or other package and tranfmit in which such tobacco shall be contained 3 and also (hall, at and a1 duplicate to Upon the clearing of every such fhip or veffel as aforesaid, im-oners^Tlle1 mediately tranfmit a duplicate of such manifeft or content to the cultoms, refpedtive commiffioners of the customs in Great Britain: and any collector, comptroller or other chief officer or officers of thb customs at any port or placeinhisMajesty’s plantations\n America* who (hall, at and upon the clearing of any (hip or vefTel having tobacco loaden on board her as aforesaid, negledt or refufe to deliver to the mafter, commander or other person taking charge of such (hip or veffel, such manifeft or content as is herein before fpecified and direded; or who shall not, at and upon the clearing any such (hip or veffel,immediately tranfmit a duplicate of such manifeft or content to the said refpedtive commiffioners under penalty Qf the customs in Great Britain, shall forfeit and lofe the fum o aool. of two hundred pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJiminJier, or in the court of admiralty in his Majesty’s plantations where such offence shall be committed.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every mafter, commander or other person or persons taking charge of any (hip or veffel having tobacco loaden on board as aforesaid, at any port or place whatsoever in any of his Majesty’s plantations in America a$ aforesaid, (hall, upon his arrival at his port of difeharge in Gnat Britain, and at the time that he makes his report of his (hip at the cuftom-houfe, deliver to the collector of the customs at the said port (who is hereby required and dire&ed to deliver the fame to the land-waiters appointed for the delivery of such (hip or veffel) the manifeft or content of the lading of his (hip or veffel which he received from the collector, comptroller or other chief officer of the customs at the port or other place in the plantations where he took in his lading; and if any mafter, commander or other person or persons taking charge of any such (hip or veffel, shall negleCt or refufe to deliver such manifeft or content to the collector of the cuftoms, at the time he makes his report of his (hip at the cuftom-houfe at under penalty the port of his difeharge, he and they shall forfeit and lofe the of tool* fum of one hundred pounds.

Land-waiter IH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not to permit the land-waiters appointed for the delivery of every (hip or vef-tobacco to be fel arriving at any port or place in Great Britain from any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, having tobacco on board her; the*manifeft,	not fuffer any part of the tobacco on board any (hip or

&c. of the ie- veffel to be landed, until they have from, and agreeable to the veral pack- manifeft delivered to them by the collector, entered into their a^s» und5r 1 refpedtive books (given them by the directions of the commifli-pena ty o 5*1. oncrg Qf ^js Majesty’s customs for keeping accounts of goods by them delivered or fuffered to be delivered from on board such (hips) the said several and refpedtive manifefts, marks,* numbers,

weights.

Mafter to deliver to the collector in Great Britain the manifeft.



253

weights, tares and contents of the several hoglheads, calks, chefts and other packages, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fifty pounds; and the said land-waiters are hereby authorized Landing mark afod required, upon the landing of any such tobacco, to caufe t0 be f*r such landing mark "to be fixed and fet upon every hoglhead, caflc, cheft or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as ’

(hall be direded by the refpe&ive commiflioners of the customs aforesaid; and the said land-waiters are hereby also required to and an entry enter every such landing mark in their several books aforesaid, r? be n?adc on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds.	*	creof#

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That No debenture from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand or drawback seven hundred and fifty one no debenture (ball be made forth allowed on ex-for any tobacco imported into Great Britain after the said twenty the tobtc-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, co bc /hipped or any drawback be paid or allowed for the fame, when ex- from the port ported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or parts at which it beyond the feas, unless the fame and every part thereof be fhip- ^ i^heori!

J>ed and exported from the very fame port or place at which ginaj package* uch identical tobacco was at first originally imported into Great if umnanufac-Britain, and no other; and also unless the fame identical tobac- tured, co, if unmanufactured, and every part thereof, be (hipped and exported in the original package, with the fame marks, in and with which it was at first imported into Great Britain, and no other, without any alteration whatsoever being made in the package (except such as shall be occafioned by neceflary cooperage for the repair of the said package) or any other tobacco being put therein, or any part of the tobacco being removed or taken out of the package in which it was at first imported (except pnly ten pounds weight of tobacco, which shall be allowed to be taken out of each hoglhead, calk, cafe or other package after the,feme is weighed at the importation, as is now the practice ; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall enter arty	0f en-

tobacco for exportation at any other port or place thaa that at tering tobacco which the fame identical tobacco was imported, or in any other at any other calk or package than the fame in which the fame unmanufadu- or j*1 0e~ red tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks, ^ a*c* all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and no drawback thereupon shall be paid, or if any shall be paid, the fame shall be repaid, and the person who entered, or caufed the fame to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and whoever shall knowingly export beyond the feas any hoglhead or other package of tobacco, out of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco has been taken for Camples* he, (he and they fo offend-* ing shall forfeit and lofe the sum of twenty pounds for every such hoglhead or other package of tobacco fo exported.

V,	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and en- Where unma-a&ed. That when any unmanufadured tobacco is imported in nufettured to-hogfheads or calks into Great Britain from any of his Majesty^ dam^ plantations \rv America^ if upon the landing and examination age<j upon-^hereof it shall appear, that the tobacco contained many of such landing,

4	hogfhead	3

 L.ooQle

and debentures and drawback

254.	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	GsoRGll II. 6.41. t175rw

.	hogfheads	or	cafks	is	fo	much	damaged, that by cutting off the

damaged part thereof (for which no duty it paid) the found tobacco remaining in any of such hogfheads (for which duty is to be paid) is under the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, then and in fitch cafe it (hail and may be lawftil for the importer Or importers thereof, in the prefence of the land-waiters lip-pointed to deliver the fhip in which the fame was imported, to caufe all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of the fame hogfheads out of which the damaged tobacco was what is found taken ; and the said land-waiters, or other proper officers, art Pay I* P®* hereby directed and required to enter into their refpe&ive books ho^e^s,and (he a°d weight of all such found tobacco put into the land-wait-ciach and every such hogfhead, with the several and refpe&ive er is to enter marks and numbers fet on each and every such hogfhead; and vCk^C ** t0 notc an^ fPcc*fy *n their hooks, that such hogfheads were is boo s, c. packed and refilled in their prefence j and all and every such hogfheads of anmafiufa&ured tobacco shall and may be exported from the fame ports, and no other, at which they were ori-< ginally imported; and debentures shall be made out, and the drawback be paid for the tobacco therein contained (provided liiay be allow- the quantity of the tobacco in each such hogfhead amounts to ed for the four hundred and twenty five pounds weight or more) in rhd fame.j fame manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitlw landing.

Exporter to VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, endorfeontbeThat from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September one cocouet, the thousand seven hundred and fifty one, all and every person and be	andUm*	Per^ons	who shall entcr any unmanufactured tobacco outwards,

weight of the	cxc®Pf	unmanufactured tobacco imported before the	faid

tobacco when twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and first imported, fifty one, at any port or place in Great Britain^ in order to be &c*	*	(hipped	and exported in any (hip or veflel whatsoever to	any

part or	parts beyond the feas, (hall, before the fame or	any

part thereof is laden on board any (hip or veflel to be exported, endorfe upon the cocquet and bill (to be delivered to the fearcher or fearchers belonging to the cuftoms, and appointed to examine tobacco (hipped for exportation) in a fair, diftind and legible manner, the plantation or manifeft mark and number, which was upon each and every hogfhead, ca(k, cheft or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was first imported into Great Britain; and also the landing mark and number which was placed and fet upon each and every hogfhead, caflc, cheft or other package thereof, when the fame was first landed in Great Britain, together with the exatf weight that each and every hogfhead, caflc, cheft or other package, with the tobacco therein contained, was of at the time of its being landed in Great Britain; and also the particular mark and number fet upon each hogfhead, cafk, cheft or other package thereof by the exporter or exporters thereof at the time the fame (half

bm



*75*Anno vicefiroo quarto Georgii IL c. 41.	*55

be brought to the water-fidc to be (hipped for exportation* to- and to write gether with the then weight which each particular hogfbead^ ^adTlf1S cafk, cheft or other package, and the tobacco therein contain* (headf, &c°c~x-ed, shall be of at the time it is fo entered for exportation ; and ported from the fearcher thall not admit any cocqoet unless marked as afore- the entry said ; and all and every exporter and exporters of tobacco shall ?dfo, from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one a lon# thousand seven hundred and fifty one, write off, and they are hereby required and directed to write off the weight of each hogftiead, cafk, cheft or other package of unmanufactured tobacco by him, her or them exported from any port of Great Britain to any part or parts beyond the feas, from the identical and particular entry made at each and every such hogfhead, cheft or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported into Great Britain; and if any person or persons whatsoever, who after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, shall enter outwards for exportation to any part or parts beyond the feas from any port or ports in Great Britain, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall negleCt or refufe to endorfe upon the cocquet and bill for the laid tobacco delivered to the fearchers, in a fair, diftinCt and legible manner, all and each and every of the several and refpective marks, numbers and weights herein beforementioned and deferibed, and in the manner and form the fame is hereby required and directed to be done, or who shall negleCt or refufe to write off the weight of each hoglhead, ca(k, cheft or other package of unmanufactured tobacco by him, ,	.

her or them exported, from the identical entry made thereof at “J? 7 the time when the fame was first imported into Great Britain, very hog-agreeable to the directions herein before given for that purpofe; (head all and each and every such person and persons offending in each or either of thefe cafes shall forfeit and lofe the sum of five pounds for every hogfhead, cafk, cheft or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco for each and every such offence or offences, to be fued for, recovered, levied and divided in the back"or de** manner herein after directed; any law, ltatute or ufage to the benture to bo-contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and no drawback or de- granted, benture for or on account of the exportation thereof shall be made out, granted or paid.

V1L And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-faid. That all and every person and persons who, from and n^t^ifring3" after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven tobacco, 5 hundred and fifty one, shall import any tobacco into Great to de Britain from any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, and hver to the who lhail in any wife manufacture the fame, or any part there- ^^^of of, upon his, her or their own account or accounts, or caufe or importation, procure the fame, or any part thereof, to be manufactured for the marks, bis, her or their own account or accounts, by any other person numbers, and or persons, shall (before the fame, or any part (hereof, be ma- ™ nufaCtured by the importer or importers to any other person or and the persons to be manufactured for the account ®f such importer or fliip’* name,

im





256

Account to be figned by the importer and manufacturer, See.

and importer to write off from the entry the weight, Sec.

Penalty of

neglect, or giving a falfe account.

Importer within 14 days after the delivery of tobacco to the* purchafer.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c.41.	[i75r.

importers) deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port or place where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation or manifeft mark and number of every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the fhip or fhips in which the fame was imported, and the time when, and also the landing mark and number fet on each hogftiead, cafk, cheft, or other package, at the time of their importation into Great Britain; and also the exaCt weight which all, and each, and every of such hogfheads, cafks, chefts, or other packages, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed in Great Britain, and the exaft weight the fame were of at the time of delivery thereof to be manufactured $ which account shall be figned by such importer _ or importers, or one of his, her or their known fervants or a-’ gents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is delivered to be manufactured 5 or one of his, her or their known fervants or agents, with their several and refpedive names and places of abode; and such importer and importers fhall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as afore-faid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular (hip in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package, contained in such account of tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the very fame manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in cafe any importer or importers of tobacco shall negleCt to give in such account as aforesaid, at the time, and in such manner and form in all refpeCts, to all intents and purposes, as is herein before directed and required$ or in cafe such account fhall, at the time the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be falfe and fraudulent in any relpeCt whatfo-ever, he, file or they knowingly offending in any or either of the cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of thirty pounds for every hogftiead or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall knowingly be given; and the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her or themfelves, or by his, her or their known fervant or agent, to fign such account as a-forefaid, or knowingly figning any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lofe the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogfhead or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or for whicb a fraudulent account is knowingly given.

VIII. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand feveix hundred and fifty one, shall import any tobacco into Great Bri~ tain from any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, and who



*57

fell or deliver thte fame, or any part thereof, to any person or persons whiarfofever, (hall, within fourteen days after the delivery thereof out of his cuftody, to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, or their order, give aha deliver to the collector or other tQ . the <Jhief officer of the customs at the port or place where such to- ^cfr an ac_ bacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the count of the plantation or manifeft mark and number of every hogCnead, marks, nura-Cafk, cheft or other package of tobacco, fo fold or delivered, lights &c. with the name of the (hip or (hips in which the fame was im- 0f every hog’-ported, and times when, and also the landing mark and num-foead, fold,

Der fet on each hogfhead, cafk, cheft or other package, at the and the (hip*# time of their importation into Great Britain, with the exacftnamc> weight which all, and each, and every such hogfheads, cafks, chefts or other packages, and the tobacco, therein contained were of, at the time of their being first landed in Great Britain; and also the exadt weight thereof, at the time of their fale or Account to delivery to the purchafer or purchafers thereof; which account be figned by shall be figned by such importer or importers, or one of his, her ^,"J^>rtcr Or their known fervants or agents, and also by such person or chafer. * persons to whom such tobacco is fold or delivered, or one of his, her or their known fervants or agents, with their several and re-fpfcdtive names and places of abode; and such importer and im-importer to porters (hall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as write off from aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times flie tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against wclg * each and every particular (hip in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogfhead, cafk, cheft or other package of tobacco contained in such account, in the fame manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for ex- Penalty ofdeportation ; and in cafe any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at the time,j^*t# e ac" and in such manner and form in all refpedts, and to all intents and purposes, as herein before directed and required, or in cafe such account shall at the time the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be falfe or fraudulent in any refpedt whatsoever, he, (he or they knowingly offending in any or	*'

either of the cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of	'	‘

thirty pounds for every hothead or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed,	>	L

or of which a wrong account shall be knowingly given; and the person or persons to whom, or to whofe order such tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, negledting by him, her or themfelves, or his, her or their known fervant or agent, to fign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly ligning any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lofe the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogfhead or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account is know ugly given.

' IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, N0tobacce,or That ’from and after the twenty ninth day of September one tobacco ftatfet, thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no tobacco or tobacco above t* lb. ftaHcs, exceeding twenty four pounds weight, rtor any fnuffex-?^fa^*~

^ Vol, XX.	*	&	ceeding	ve	10



a5«

to be carried by land from any port of importation, unless in manner herein directed.

Officer to grant certifi* cates

on penalty of xo J.

Before removing such tobacco, the pioprie-tor to infert on the back of the certificate, the package, marks, numbers, weight, *nd fpecici,

Anno yicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 41.'	[1751;

ceeding ten pounds weight, shall be in any form or manner whatsoever removed, carried, or conveyed by land from any port or place of importation in Great Britain, to any other port or place within this kingdom, unless in the manner herein after directed; that is to fay, if it is unmanufactured tobacco, which is to be carried by land as aforesaid, the fame shall not be conveyed, removed, or pafs without a certificate being first had and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or other chief officers at the port or place where such tobacco was imported, together with the importer’s oath thereto fin cafe such importer shall apply for the fame) that the duties thereof were paid or fc-cured at the importation, and by whom, and the time when^ and in what (hip or veflel, (hips or veffels, the fame and every part thereof was imported; and in cafe the person applying for the fame, be a purchafer from the importer, then on oath of fuch

Eurchafer, attefting the marks and numbers of the identical ogfhead or hogfheads fo pufehafed, or out of which the feid tobacco was taken, and from whom purchafed, and the time when; and if it is tobacco (talks or fnuff, or other manufactured tobacco which is to be carried by land as aforesaid, the feme shall not be conveyed, removed, or pafs without a certificate, and oath of the importer (in cafe the importer applies for the fame) being first had and obtained as aforesaid, that such (talks were (tripped or feparated, or such fnuff or other manufactured tobacco was made from one or more hogfhead or hogfheads of tobacco, for which the duties were by him paid or (e-cured, at the time of importation; and in cafe the person applying for such certificate be a purchafer, such purchafer shall make oath, that such (talks were (tripped or feparated, or such fnuff or other manufactured tobacco, was made from one or more hogfhead or hogfheads of tobacco, which had been delivered ana received according to the directions of this aCt; which said several certificates such officer and officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and after writing the fame off their books, to deliver to all and every person or persons, who shall apply to him or them for the fame, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certificates or oaths, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such offence.

X.	And it is hereby enacted, That before any such tobacco, tobacco (talks or fnuff for which such certificate is granted, shall be removed or carried by land as aforesaid, the proprietor, faCtor or agent thereof shall deferibe and infert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together, with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and also the true and exadt weight of each particular fpecies of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the fame are to be delivered, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person to whom the goods are configned ; and such prqppe^or, fadtor or agent shall lubfcribq his, her or their name or names,.

^nd





•751 *3 Ahnd vicefiHW (Jtiartb GfebftGh it. e.4i;’	259

and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate fo grant- and to make ed shall exprefs the number of days it shall continue in force, ^tificatc°to and shall accompany the roods to such place to which they are accompany0 to be carried ana conveyed, and upon its coming to such place, the goods, the person of persons receiving the fame, or to whom the goods belong, shall caufe such certificate to be delivered to the chief and to be de-officer of the cuftoriis, if any ftich there be; and in cafe there be livered to the ho officer of the cuftoms, then to the officer of the excite of the officer where divifion whereunto such goods are carried and conveyed; andconveyecLSee. such officer is hereby directed to examine the fame with the y goods, and if they agree therewith, the goods may be taken a- and an ac_ way and di(pofed of by the person or persons to Whom of right count to be they belong or appertain, and such officer is thereupon to enter tranfmitted to fuen certificate diftirt&ly in a book to be kept by him for thatth® ofl\c?r ap~ purpofe; and the officer of customs or excife receiving such Ihe^rcaiUry. certificate shall from time to time tranfmit an account of the	y*

fame to the officer to be appointed by the high treafurer or commifiioners of the treafury for keeping such accounts.

XI.	And be it further eha&ed, That the officers of the cu- Officer grant-’ (toms who shall grant such original certificates at the port of cafes^tranf-placfc of importation, shall once Ih every month tranfmit du- mit duplicates plicates thereof to the peffon to be appointed by the high trea- montbty to furtr or commifiioners of the treafury for keeping the accounts th5 officer'ap. herein after mentioned.

XII.	And be it further ertadted by the authority aforesaid,	***

That if any tobacco ofr tobacco (talks exceeding twenty four 7°^°^ pounds weight, or any fnuff exceeding ten pounds weight, certain^** (hall, from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one weight, found thousand seven hundred and fifty one, be found removing by removing land from the port or place of importation, without having one without a cer-or other of the certificates herein before diredted, all such to- forfeit, with bacco, tobacco (talks and fnuff, and the ca(ks, cherts, cafes or the horfes aud other package containing the fame, together with the horfes, carriages § Cattle, carts, waggons and all other carriages whatsoever, employed or in any wife made ufe of in the removing or carriage

or conveyance of such tobacco, tobacco (talks and muff, or any dr either of them, shall be forfeited and lort, and shall and may and the caJVt be fued for and profecuted by any officer or officers of the cu- rjcr t0 (toms or excife in the manner herein after diredted; and the committed* carrier or other person employed or entrufted in the removing, carrying, or conveying such goods, or any of them, (hall, be-(ides the lofs of his cattle and carriages, also be committed to the county gaol fot the space of one month, by any juftice °fpenaityof the peace for the county where the offence is committed, or the counterfeit-offender shall be found ; and if any person or persons whatfo- ing a certijfU ever shall counterfeit, forge, eraze, or in any wife alter any such certificate or duplicate thereof, as herein before is mentioned and deferibed, or shall caufe or procure the fame, or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, erazed, or altered in any re-fpedt, he, (he, or they fo offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, to be fued for, re-

i %	covered.

260	Anno viccfimo quarto Georgii II. c. 41.	[1751*

covered, levied, and divided in the manner as is herein after exprefled.

No tobacco XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-&c. to be 9 fa*d, That from and after the said twenty ninth day of Septem-{hipped coafl- bet one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no tobacco, to-wire, until bacco (talks or fnufFs shall be (hipped or laden on board any entry made, (hip or veflel whatsoever, to be carried by water from any port or place whatsoever in Great Britain, to any other port or place whatsoever in Great Britain, until the fame, and every part thereof, be first entered at the cuftom-houfe at the Dort where and ifunma- or neared to the place where such goods shall be (hipped and nufaftured, to laden; and if it is tobacco unmanufactured which is to be car-b? thc ori* ried by water as aforesaid, the fame shall not be (hipped or la-gin pac age, jen Qn ^K)ar(j any fl^p or vcfly whatsoever, to be carried by wa-ter as aforesaid, but in the original package in which it was im-cate the PortC(^> preferving the fame marks and numbers, nor without duties being a certificate being fird had and obtained from the collector and paid*	comptroller or other chief officer of the cudoms at the port or

place where such tobacco was imported in Great Britain, that the duties thereof were paid or fecured at the importation, and by whom, and the time when, and in what (hip or veflel, (hips or and if ma- vcflels, the fame and every part thereof was imported; and if it nufa&ured, 1S tobacco flalks or fnuff, or other manufactured tobacco, which with acertifi- is to be carried by water as aforesaid, the fame shall not be fhip-catc that the ped or laden on board any (hip or veflel whatsoever to be car-aidCfor the r*ec* water as aforesaid, without a certificate being first had tebacco of an(* obtained from the collector and comptroller or other chief which the officer of the cudoms at the port or place where the tobacco wasma- Was imported in Great Britain, from which such (talks were ku factored. ftripped or feparated, or such fnuff was made or manufactured, that the duties were paid or fecured for such tobacco at the im-Officers to portation thereof; which said several certificates such officer or grant such officers are hereby required and directed to grant and deliver to certificates ajj anj every perfbn and persons being the importer or im-pen^tyof iol. P°rter.s of such tobacco, or their known agents or fervanls, who * shall apply to him or them for the fame, without any fee or reward whatsoever, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such offence.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That before any such tobacco, tobacco dalks or fnuff for which such certificate is granted, shall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or veffel whatsoever in Great Britain, to be carried by water as aforesaid, the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall deferibe and infert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and also the true and exaft weight of each particular fpecies of such goods contained in each particular package, and the place or places from whence the fame were brought, and to which they are to be carried andconveycd by water as a-forefaid.

XV,	An4

and the proprietor to insert on the back of the certificate the packages, marks, numbers, weight and fpecies.





X75I-] Anno viccGmo quarto Georgii II. 0.41.	261

XV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That such certificate Certificate!to as aforesaid (hall, by the proprietor or proprietors of such to- to the mafter bacco, tobacco (talks and fnuff, before the fame be (hipped or 0fthe vc(fcj# laden on board any (hip or veflel for the purposes aforesaid, be delivered to the matter or other person or persons taking charge

of any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels on board which such tobacco, tobacco (talks or fnuff shall be (hipped or laden, in ordef to be removed and carried by water as aforelaid; which certificate the matter or other person or persons taking charge of any such (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels on board which any such tobacco, tobacco (talks or fnuff shall be laden as aforesaid, shall an(j ^ immediately after his or their arrival in any port or place in to the chief Great Britain with such goods on board, deliver to the collector officer of the or other chief officer at such port or place, who is hereby di- P01** rented and required to caufe such goods to be examined by the said certificate, jto fee that they agree therewith; and if upon fuchexamination it shall be found that such goods agree with the certificate in all refpe6ts, then such certificate shall be tranf- and to be mitted by him within the space of one month after he receives tranfmitted the fame, to the person appointed by the high treafurer or com-	•

miflioners of the treafury for the time being, for keeping the ac- tnafury^ counts herein after mentioned ; and the fame goods shall be dif-charged by the officer who examines them, and shall and may be taken away and difpofed of by such person or persons to whom they are conligned, or to whom they of right belong or appertain.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enacted, That if any tobacco, Tobacco 8cc. tobacco (talks or fnuff (hall, from and after the said twenty fhipt without* ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty such certifi-one, be found laden on board any (hip or veflel whatsoever, at cate>

any port or place in Great Britain, without (uch certificate as a-forefaid being first had and obtained, or without such certificate being on board any such (hip or veflel with the goods to which the Fame belongs; or if upon examination it shall appear that such certificate is forged or counterfeited, or that it does not a- to be forfeit-gree in all refpedts with the goods to which the fame belongs ; cd, then, and in any or either of such cafes, all such tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and fnuff, and the cafks, cherts, cafes, or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer or officers and fhe ma-of the cuftoms, in the manner herein after dire&ed; and the fter to pay * matter or other person or persons taking charge of any such (hip 6d. per lb. or veflel, (hips or veflels, shall forfeit and lofe fix pence per pound weight for every fpecies of the goods aforesaid; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, forge, eraze. Penalty of or in any wife alter any such certificate as is herein laft before- ^^ud^cer-mentioned and deferibed, or shall caufe or procure the fame to titfeate. be counterfeited, forged, erazed, or altered in any refpedt, he,

(he or they fo offending, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for, recovered, levied, and divided, in the manner as herein after is exprefled.

S	3	XVII. And



j

26i	Anno vicefimo quarto Qeo^qxi XI. C.41.	[1751*

Land-waiten	XVII. And be it further enadfcd by the authority aforesaid*

ent^and That from and after the said twenty ninth day of $ef>teqifier one d?fcharge of thousand seven hundred and fifty one, the collector and copap-y tobacco, to be troHer, or other chief officer pr officers of the cojftoms in transmitted port of London, and also at every port or place ip Great Britain, ^"officers ™kere any tobacco shall be imported, after the said twenty pMith appointed*by day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty op,e* from the treafury, any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, do once in every calendar month tranfmit or deliver to fucb perfoAas shall bp disputed and appointed by the high treafurer, or comtxuffiopei^ of the treafury for the time being, tp receive the fame, Poe pf the land-waiters books, in which his account is entered and kept of the landing and difchargine of tobacco imported in any (hip veflcl at such port dr place, from any of his Majesty’s plantation* m America; and also true and, exa.Cfc copies of every entry of with copies of tobacco for exportation, and of the several and refpe&ivp in-» the entries for dorfements relating thereto, which are delivered to the exportation, fearcher or fearchers, or any other officer or officers* a* such port or place where any such tobacco is, entered and (hipped for exportation to foreign parts,; and also true and cx-aCt copies of every account which, puifnant to the direction* herein before given, shall be delivered to any officer or officer* manufactured Qf t^e cuftom$ at such port or place, of tobacco intended to bq

y C im	monnTnlit, tlio imnni'tof a** itr»nAft.fe fViprPnf nn VvlC 1

&C.

and accounts

of tobacco

porter, See.

or fold by him.

manufactured by the importer or importers thereof, on hi*, h$i; or their owr> account, or which shall bp delivered by, the iov-porter or importers thereof to any other person or periods whatsoever to be manufactured for the account of fucb importer or importers; and also true and exaCt copies of every apcQun| which, purfuant to the directions hereinbefore giyen, shall bq delivered to any officer or officers at fuph port or place by the importer or importers of tobacco fold by them to any other person or persons whatsoever: which said several accounts are to bq kept by the said person who shall be deputed, as aforesaid bythq high treafurer or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, who js to keep proper books, and enter therein the said several and refpeCtive accounts fo tranfmitted or delivered to ^	him; which several entries shall be made, and an account there-

entries of the of kept, in such manner and form, that the marks and numbers accounts, on every hogfhead, cafk or other package of tobacco, with the weights thereof, at the importation thereof, may be compared and chequed with the marks, numbers, and weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold or delivered for home consumption, or to be manufactured, to the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, exported, fold, or delivered to be qaanu-faChired, may be thereby known and afeertained; and when any thing shall appear to him to be done or praCtifed at any porjt of, and whereany place, contrary to the directions and intentions of this aCt* he thing fliall ap- (haj) immediately tranfmit an account thereof in writing to the ^ncagafnft c°tf>miflioner$ of the customs for the time being, at London, or at thit a£t, im- Edinburgh refpeCtively, under whofe management the fame shall mediately to	happen,

traniimtto

Officer appointed by the treefury to make





f 751.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii It. c. 41.	5	63

happen, and a copy of such reprefentations made by him to the the commit commiffloners of the cuftoms, either at London or Edinburgh,

(hall be by him, once in every fix months, laid before the com- accountthere-irtiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the of, time being; and if any collector, or other chief officer or officers of the cuftoms, at any port or place of Great Britain, shall and to tbe negleft or refufe to tranfmit and deliver one of the land-waiters books, and a true copy of every entry of tobacco for exportation, and of the several indorfements relating thereto, herein be - Penalty on fore-mentioned and defcribed, and also true copies of all or any collectors, 8cc. or either of the accounts herein before-mentioned and defcrib- JStffiwland-Od, within the time and times herein before limited and ap- waiters books* pointed for that purpofe, he and they fo neglecting or refufing 8cc*

(hall forfeit* fifty pounds for every such negleCt or refufal, to be ftied for, recovered, levied and divided in the manner herein after exprefled.

XVIH. And be it farther enaCted by the authority aforesaid, importer to That aH and every person and persons whatsoever who shall im- tranfmit to port any tobacco into Great Britain from any of his Majesty’s the colleftor, plantations in America, shall within the space of twenty one monthiVrora calendar months; to be reckoned and Computed from the faid,5 March twenty fifth day of March one thousand fevert hundred and fifty 17 s** an ac-two’, tranfmit and deliver to the collector or other chief officer o( co^t the customs at the port or place where any such tobacco is im- ^ ^cuftody* ported, a true account in writing under his hand, and th.ir re-	^

fyedtive hands, of all foch tobacco which he (hall, at the time1 of giving in such account, have in his Cuftody, power or pof-feflion; which account shall contain the number of hogfheads, cafks, cherts, cafes or other packages in which such tobacco is contained, together with all, and each, and every of the several and refpeCtive marks, numbers and Weights fet upon all and each and every such hog(head, calk, chert, cafe or other package, and the particular warehoufes, ftorehoufes, cellars, or other places where the fatne are then lodged and lie; and all and . * ... every such person or persons (hall, from and after the expira-*”coun* tion of the aforesaid term of twenty ohe months, tranfmit and nuaily; deliver annually, and every year, between the first and twenty* fourth days or June in eacn year, to such collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at tne port or place where any such tobacco is imported, a true account in writing under his and their refpeCtive hands, of all such tobacco which he (hall, at the time of giving in such account, have in his cuftody, power or pofteflion which has been entered in Great Britain eighteen months, or more, at the time of giving in such account; which account shall also contain the number of hogfheaJs, calks, chefts or other packages in which such tobacco is contained, and also all, and each, and every of the several and refpeCtive* marks, numbers, and weights fet upon all, and each and every such hog(head, calk, chert or other package, and the particular ware-houfes, ftorehoufes, cellars or other places where the fame are then lodged and lie * and every such collector 01* other chief of-

S 4	ficer

 L,ooQle

the goods to be examined thereby, and the accounts

by the trea fury,

Penalty.

facing the marks fet upon the package.

*64	Anno	vicefimo	quartoGporgii II. C. 41.	[<751.'

ficer is upon receipt of such accounts, forthwith to caufe tho several and refpeftive goods contained in such accounts to be ex*, amined thereby, and then to tranfmit such accounts to the per* to^tranfmit- fen appointed by the high treafurer or commifConers of tho ted to the offb treafnry, for keeping the accounts herein before mentioned; Ktr^K^r"atCci anc* ^ any *mPorter or importers of tobacco shall negleft to givo ” * * in such account and accounts as aforesaid, at the time and times, and in such manner and form in all refpefts, as is herein before limited, directed and appointed, or if such account or accounts (hall, upon examination, appear to be falfeor fraudulent in any refpeft whatsoever, he, (he or they fo offending in both or either of thefe cafes, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds for. each and every such offence.

Penalty of al. XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tering or de- That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter, in order to defeat any of the purposes or intents of this aft, eraze, cut out, burn out, blot out or in any wife whatsoever alter, change or deface any mark or number, marks or numbers whatsoever, which was burnt in, or fet upon any hogfhead, cafk, cheft, cafe or other package whatsoever of tor bacco, in the plantations in Anierica, or which was burnt in or fet thereon in Great Britain, upon the importation or landing: thereof, or which was burnt in or fet thereon in Great Britain, upon the exportation thereof from thence to foreign parts, he, (ho and they fo offending shall forfeit and lofe the sum of twenty pounds for each hogfhead, cafk, cheft, cafe or other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be fo altered or defaced as aforesaid, to be fued for, recovered, levied and divided as is herein after direfted.	*

Penalty of im- XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^^therwife" That ^rom an(* a^tcr *hc ^ twenty fifth day of March one than in calk, thousand seven hundred and fifty two, no tobacco shall be cheft or cafe brought or imported into the kingdom of Great Britain other-of 450lb. wife than in cafk, cheft or cafe only, each ca(k> cheft or cafe. Icait gt thC whereof ^a^ contain four hundred and fifty pounds weight of neat tobacco at the lead, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be imported contrary to this aft, together with the calks, chefts, cafes or other package containing

the fame.

Unmanufac- XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, tured tobacco That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thou-n°Vd*b	kven	hundred	and	fifty two, no tobacco unmanufaftured

calks, &cU of fha^ he loaden or laid on board in any (hip or \eflel whatsoever 4251b. weight, in any port or place in Great Britain, to the intent to be ex-ox more. ported to foreign parts, but in cafks, chefts or cafes only, containing four hundred and twenty five pounds weight or more of tobacco ip each calk, cheft or cafe, under the penalty of the forfeiture of such tobacco, and of the cafk, cheft or cafe containing the fame; except cafks or other packages containing f^ipples of tobacco lhipped and exported at the fame time and ph|c^, and yvith the fame hoglheads or calks out of which fqc^i (jtmples wets

taken %

 L,ooQle

1751.3	Anno vicefuno quarto GeoRGII ft. c. 41.'	z6g

taken$ and the fame goods and package shall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer or officers of the customs in such manner and form as herein after is expreffed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tobacco, That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one ftalks or (huff, thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no tobacco or tobacco ab.ove a £er-(lalks exceeding twenty four pounds weight, nor any fnuff ex-ceeding ten pounds weight (which shall have been removed or wife, to be Carried coaftwife, or by water, from the port or place of im- afterwards re-portation in Great Britain, to any other port or place within this moved by kingdom) shall afterwards be removed or carried from thence by ^ certificateUof land to any other place whatsoever, without a certificate being the duties first had and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the being paid. Chief officers of the customs at the port or place to which such goods were carried coaftwife, or by water, asaforefaid, that it appears to them by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books which came with the goods from the port or place of importation, that the duties thereof were paid or fe-cured at the said port or place of importation ; and also in what officers to (hip or veflel, (hips or veffels, such goods and every part thereof grant such came or were brought coaftwife, or by water, as aforesaid, and certificate, the time when ; and also that the perion or persons who shall an.d to tranf-apply to them for the fame, had made oath to the truth thereof; ^ to theof-which said certificate such officers are hereby required and di- ficer appoint-" redied, after writing the fame off in their books, to grant and edby thetrea-deliver to every person and persons who shall apply to them for fu,7-the fame, and shall immediately tranfmit a duplicate of such certificate to the person appointed by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, for keeping the accounts herein after mentioned ; and that before any such Proprietor to tobacco, tobacco ftalks or fnuff for which such certificate is infert on the granted, shall be removed or carried by land as aforesaid, the back of the proprietor thereof, or his fadtor or agent, shall deferibe and in- Jhe ika# tu fert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, pac the names of each particular package in which such goods are cpntained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and also the true and exadt weight of each particular fpecies of such goods contained in each particular package, and the place and places from whened the fame were brought, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and the name of the person to whom the fame shall be fent, to which such proprietor, fadtar or agent shall fubferibe his, her or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof 5 and make and if any tobacco, tobacco ftalks or fnuff, exceeding the reipec- oath thereof, tive quantities before mentioned, (hall, from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand feveh hundred and Penalty of refifty one, be found removing by land from the port or place of moving tobac-its importation, without such certificate therewith as is herein c^^cate^&c. before diredled to be granted by the proper officers ; or if upon	^

examination it shall appear that such certificate is forged or counterfeited, all such tobacco, tobacco ftalks and fnuff, and the

calks*

 LiOOQle

*65	Anpo	vicefimo	quarto	GeorgIi II, 0.41.	[1751*

cades, chefts, cafes or other package containing ihk fame, together with the.horfes, cattle* carts, waggons, and all other carnages whatsoever employed* or in any wife made ufo of in the removing, or carriage or conveyance of such tobacco, tobacco fialks and fnuff, or any or either of them, dial! be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be feized and profecuted bv any officer or officers of the ,cuftoms, in the manner herein after directed j and the carrier or other person employed or introfted in the re-* moying, carrying or conveying ntch goods* or any of them^ (hall, befides the lofs of his cattle and carriages, atfo forfeit and lofe the sum of ten pounds, and be committed to the county gaol for one month, by any juftke of the peace for the county and of coun- where the offence is committed pr the offender shall be found i terfeiting	smd Jf any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, forge^

thereof.	craze or m any wife alter any faeh certificates dr duplicatetbere-

of, as are directed by this a$t, or shall cawfe or procure the lame or either of them to be counterfeited, erased or altered in any refpeeft, he, (Ire pr they fo offending shall forfeit and lofe the (urn of one hundred pounds for every offence, to bd fued for,* recovered, levied and divided in .the manner as herein after is exprefled.

No tobaccos	XXILI.	And be k further ena6kd by the authority aforesaidy

|Unt» or (buft That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no tobacco or tobacco to beciMrrkd; talks exceeding the quantity of twenty four pounds weight, nor by land, ujw any fnuff exceeding ten pounds weight, (hail be conveyed or kfs the (pecks carried by land from any place in Great Britain to any other place in Great Britain, in any hogfhead, ca(ks, cheft of package, letters on the unlcfs such hogfhead, ca(k, cheft or package bo damped or package. marked on the outride, with1 the nefpc&tve words, tobacco, to-bacca (talks or fnuff, in large letters, not le(s than there inches Penalty; in length, under the penalty and forfeiture of all foch tobacco, tobacco (talks or fnuff, with the package thereof,, and one (hilling for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the owner of such tobacco, tobacco (talks or fnuff.

N ,	.	.	XXIV.	And	be-it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

tobc^allowed Tta* no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco which is for tobacco mixed with rubbifh or dirt, or any other matter or thing what-mixed with foever ; and all and every person or persons who shall enter or Knal^of cn- for exportation,,or caufe to be entered ot Chipped for exporting l*uch for W*on, any tobacco mixed-with ruhbifh or with dirt, or any exportation, other matter or thing whatsoever, or who shall enter any thing or any other as tobacco for exportation, and which upon examination by the bacco'^ t0~ ProP*r 0fficer8s shall appear not to be tobacco, shall forfeit all1 a co* such goods, smd the cafks, and other package in which they are contained, and a)fo the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for each and every hogfhead or other package thereof.

No tobacco to XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefftkl, c^norta^ f°r *^hat from and after the said twenty ninth dayiofSeptember one (except ton tboufand seven hundred add fifty one, no tobacco either tna*-

jiufa&urcd



*75*0	«Aooo viceGmo quarto Georgii II. c.4.1. /	467

Bufoftured or unmanufactured O19II b$ entered or (hipped for Ire1andj)unle& exportation tex any parts beyond the feas {belaud only excepted) “'**““• in any (hip or veflel whatsoever, wnkfs such (hip or veflel (hah upwards, be of the burthen of feveoty tons or upwards; and if any offi- officer, where cer or officers of the cuftoma (haH apprehend, or have reason the veflel ap-to believe, that any fetch (hip or veflel bound to foreign parts, {£o"that bur-and having tobacco on board her, shall not be of the burthen tj,en> may pf Seventy tops or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for fetch tain her till officer or officers to flop and detain such fhip or veflel, and the admeafured, whole cargo laden onboard her, of tobacco, and all other goods until he or they shall caufe such (hip or veflel to be admeafured, according to tne admeasurement preferibed by an a£l palled in the forth year of the reign of his late tnajefty King George the	^

Firft, (intituled. An ail for preventing frauds and	$	Geo.i.c.sr.

(itfonts*Jiamp	duties, pofl office, and houft money;) and if it Audi

appear by fetch admeaiurenaent, that any such (hip or vefTdl is of the burthen, of feventy tons or upwards, the officer or officers fo flopping and detaining her and her cargo, shall not be fub-jedt or liable to any adion for damages occafioned by such flop-page and detention; and if the mafter or coatatander of any pena]ty on (hip or veflel outward bound to foreign pasts, having tobacco mafter clear, onboard her, shall enter and clear out fetch, (hip or veflel in the >ng out veflel* collectors book at the cufloia boufe, as of the burthen of feventy “ tons or upwards, and fetch (hip or veflel. (halLnot be of fo great ^ burthen, accord ing to the admeafuement p re (bribed: by the afore-faid a<3, he shall forfeit and lofe tbe fum of one bundled pounds for every-fuch offence.

XXVI.	And be it further ensured by. the authority aforriakt, Penalty on That from and after the said twenty ninth day of	veflel* under

thoufand seven hundred, and; fifty one, whore any (hip. or veflel	te!*

whatfoever under the burthen of fesventy, tons coming or arriving above.«’aeB-ffom foreign parts, or having cleared outwards in	tainweight,

for foreign parts, and having on board one hundred: pounds being founds* weight of tobacco, or any tobacco (talks, or ftetns ftript from j*nch®r» or the leaf, or fifty pounds weight of fnuff, shall be found rt anchor, ttepont^ro^ or hovering within the limits, of any of the ports of this king- within, two, dom, or within two leagues of the more, or. shall be-difeovered IwgM* of the to have been within the limits of any pot*,, and not proceeding P*01*’ uni^ on her voyage, wind: and:weather, permitting, funlefs.in. cafe of unavoidable neceflity and diftrefs.of weather, of which neceffity pnd diftrefs the mafter,. purler or other, person having or taking the charge or command of: such (hip on ueflelv shall give .notice to, and make proof of, before the collector, or othec chief officer of thecufloms of such port as aforeftid^ immediately, after the arrival of such (hip or veflel, into the said portv) all.fuchtobaooo	-	-

and tobacco (folks, or ftems ftript from .the. leaf, and fnuff together with thebog (heads, bags, boxes, calks, or.other package whaffoever, containing the fame goods, or. the value thereof, shall be forfeited and loft, (whether bulk shall then.have been broken or not,) and the mafter or other person taking charge of every fpefe (hip or veflelfoall. forfeit and Joft the fum



ed, to be burnt.

t68	Anno	vicefimo	quarto Georgii II. 0.41;	[175 r J

of one hundred pounds ; and the fame goods and package shall and may be feized and profecuted, or the value thereof be fued for by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, in such manner and form as herein after is expreffed, any law, ftatute or ufage to the Penalty on contrary notwithstanding; and if any (hip or veflel whatfocver veflels above above the burthen of feventy tons, having such goods on board 70 tgns found as aforesaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, shall at anchor, or be found at anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, and no notice of aforefaif.^ diftrefs he given as aforesaid, the matter or other person taking charge of every such fhip or veflel shall forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

All tobacco, XXVII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That &c.which shall from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thou-be condemn- fand seven hundred and fifty one, all tobacco, tobacco ftalks and fnuff which shall be feized and condemned, shall be burnt and deftroyed in the prefence of the colle&or and comptroller of the customs for the port where such tobacco shall happen to be at the time of such condemnation, or in the prefence of such officer as shall be appointed by them for that purpofe; and if there shall be no such officer of the customs at the place where such tobacco shall be at the time of the condemnation thereof, then in the prefence of the colledor or fupervifor of excife of and the al- the diftrilt in which such place is fituate ; and that all rewards ,0KunCeryf or aH°wanccs t0 which the officer or officers who shall feize and fleer who mail profecuto the fame, are intitled to by law, shall be paid by the feize the fame, receivers general of the customs at London or Edinburgh refpec-to be paid out tively, or by the refpe&ive colle&or in the out-ports where foch ofthe cuftoms, tobacco, tobacco ftalks or fnuff was feized, and burnt or deftroyed, to such officer or officers, out of any of the duties or revenues arifing from the customs applicable to incidents ; that ot6d^per*tC *s t0	is	tobacco	or tobacco fnuff, fo burnt and deftroyed,

pound for to- the fame shall be paid at and after the fame rate and proportion, bacco or fnuff, as if the said tobacco or tobacco fnuff had been fold on con-

demnation for fix pence per pound ; and if it is tobacco ftalks, PCf or dama?cd tQhacco, then the officer fo feizing shall have and Salks or da- be intitled unto one penny per pound, for every pound’s weight snaged tobac- of tobacco ftalks or damaged tobacco fo condemned and burnt, co.	in lieu of all other allowances.

Officer to cer- XXVIII. Provided always. That the officers of customs or tify to the excife refpedtively, in whole prefence the fame shall be burnt, commiffioners shall certify to the commiffioners of the cuftoms, in such part of the quantity thc united kingdom where the fame shall be burnt, the exa<ft quan-11,11 * tity fo burnt, whereupon the said commiffioners shall grant their order for the payment of the said rewards or allowances in man-and they are ner above mentioned; and if the fame shall have been burnt in to grant an the prefence of such officer of excife, then the said commifiion-order for pay- ers fhaH order the fame to be paid by the receivers general of ™cn* S* “c the cuftoms, in either part of the united kingdom, as the fame uward’ shall happen.

3£XIX. And whereas fome doubts have art fen, whether the bonds which are given to the crown for the payment of the several and r#-

fpefltvf

 kjOOQle

1751] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c.41.	e69

Jpcftivi duties on tobacco, «//7A/7i eighteen months as the law diretfc9 ought on the expiration of the said eighteen months to be.put in fait, and whether any inter eft Jball accrue thereon to the crown% from and after the expiration of the said eighteen months until the said bonds Jball be vacated by a proper debenture to be made out for that purpofe, in as much as the exporter upon the exportation of the tobacco within the time limited by law9 which is three years, is to be paid or allowed9 to draw back the whole duty or the fecurity vacated on the bond or bonds given on the importation of the fame tobacco; now to clear up and remove all such doubts for the future; be it declared and enaded by the authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That all bonds which have been given, and are now Bonds forpay-fubfifting at the time of making this ad, for thefeveral and re- mentofthe fpedive duties on tobacco, or which shall hereafter be given for on tQm the payment of the said duties, are and shall be deemed and * taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mention- to be due on ed in the condition of the said bond for payment thereof; and the day of pay-that such interest shall be paid to the crown, on all such bonds ^oned^n^he as is direded by an ad of parliament made in the fourth year bond, and in-of her late majesty Queen Anne9 (intituled An att for continuing tereft thereon an additional fubftdy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties up- bc to on coals, culm and cinders9 and additional duties of excife; and acconhne to for fettling and ejlablijhing a fund thereby, and by other ways and + Ann*, c. 6. means for payment of annuities to be fold for raising a further Jupply to her Majesty for the Jervice of the year one thoujand seven hundred and ftx9 and other ujes therein mentioned) which interest shall be computed from the day the bond becomes due, to the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the fearcher certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was (hipt for exportation, notwithstanding such tobacco doth or shall remain unexported, and the three years (being the time limited for the allowance of the drawback on exportation) shall not be expired, and no such fecurity shall hereafter be vacated, until all such interest shall be paid thereon $ any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further declared and enabled by the autho- Exchequer rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the may grant a chancellor and under treafurer of his Majesty’s court of Exchequer,	for pro-

the lord chief baron, and other barons of the said court of the ^te extent" degree of the coif, or any or either of them, to grant his or their for payment Fiat for the iffuing of procefs of immediate extent against any of the bonds person or persons who has or have, or shall have given his or before due, their bond to the crown, for duties on tobacco, although the . day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for payment be not come, upon an affidavit laid before him, by one of the fe-curities, or executor or adminiftrator of such fecurity, that the ^pon affidavit person bound to the crown in such bond is decayed in his cir- that the debt cumftances, and that the crown’s debt is in danger of being loft, is in danger, unless fome more fpeedy method than the ufual way of proceed- Crown reco. ing be forthwith had for recovery thereof; and if the crown re- vering there-covers the money due on such bond, before the day of payment on, the obligor *	* *	*	•	*'	•	(hall	to be allowed





Anno viceflmo quarto GsoroiI II. c. 41,	[	1

Importers of tobacco to hate a diC-count on giving bond 8 for the said fubfi-

the dfual dif- shall become due, the obligor is to be Allowed dot of the tecmef counts. fo recovered the ufual difcounts.

XXXI.	And whereas by matt made in the twenty first year ft ax Geo.i.c *. bis prefint Majesty9 s reign* (intituled, Art Aft far granting to his

Majesty a fubfidy of poundage upon all goods ana merchand izes to be imported into this kingdom j and for railing a certain fom of money by annuities* and a lottery* to be charged on the fakl fubfidy; and for repealing fo much of an act made in the twentieth year of his prcfent Majesty’s reign* as enafts, that prize goods and merchandizes may be exported, without paying any duty of cuftom or excife for the fame) it is provided* That tbi importers of tobacco /ball* upon paying down the fubfidy thereby grant* ed* have the fame allowance with refpeft to the said fubfidy* as they are intitled to by any taw now in fence upon tobacco imported i but m allowance is given by the said ah to the importers ft tobacco, when the said fubfidy is bonded* which has been found detrimental to trade; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the importers of tobacco (hall, from and after the first of Tune one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, have the fame allowances and difcounts on giving bonds for the said fubfidy, or paying the fame before they become due, as they are now intitled to by dy> or paying any law now in force upon bonds given for tobacco imported; the fame be- and that if any importer of tobacco who hath already given /e-fore doe, &c.	or	(hall	before the said first of June one thotifand feven

hundred and fifty one, give fecurity for the said fubfidy, shall be defirous to difcharge nis bond or bonds, or any part thereof in ready money, before the expiration of eighteen months from the date thereof, he shall be abated upon such bond or bonds fo much as the difcount at the rate of seven per centum per annum shall amount to in proportion to the time unexpired.

XXXII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth si Ann. ft. %. yiQr 0ftbe rftgn 0f her late majesty Queen Anne, {intituled* An aft

for the encouraging the tobacco trade) it was enabled. That any per fin importing tobacco* that fhould pay down in ready money the fubfidy of one penny per pound* due and payable by the aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, or by any aft or afts continuing the fame, and fbould then defire to have the find tobacco put into warehouses under the queen’s and merchants loch for the fecurity of the remainder of the duties* the merchant or bis fervants fhould have free accefe into the said warehoufe at dll feafin-able times* which said aft was to continue in force for five years* and to the end of the then next fiffion of parliament: and whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late met-•j.jefiy King George the First, (intituled* An act for continuing an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* (intituled* An act for encouraging the tobacco trade) if is declared, That the putting of tobacco into warchoufes had been found bene fetal to the tobacco trade; and therefore enafted, That the said recited aft of the twelfth year of the reign cf her late majesty Quern Anne fhould continue in force during such time as the refpec-true dudes on tobocct fbould refpofttvelycontimtt in force: and whereds

doubts

5 Geo. x. c.



I751*] Aonp riceflmo quarto Georgii II. C. 41.	tyt

davits have arifen, whether the said rented <UH ef the twelfth	^The recited

the reign of her fetid fate	mojejly gtueen Anne ts new in forte; for ?.a,of '* Ann*

obviating whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore- jates^putf* faid, That the fatid act, fo far as the fame relates to the putting ting tobacco tobacco into warehouses, and every article, rule, claufe, matter into ware-and thing therein contained, shall be and continue, and arc here- !'0“fe,» to be by declared to be in full force.	in orce*

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Recovery of faid. That ope moiety of the several penalties and forfeitures in the penalties this act before mentioned, shall be to the ufe of bis Majesty, his forfe‘* heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the ufe of such per- es‘

fon and personsas shall inform, profccute or fue for the fame; and that all the fame penalties and forfeitures shall and may be profecuted and fued for, and the caufes and controverfies artfing thereupon, trjed, heard and determined in any of his Majesty’*. courts of record at IVeJlminJier, (if the offence shall be committed in England* or if the offender or offenders be in the time of commencing the prosecution} or in the court of Bx-tbequer at	Edinburgh, (if the offence shall be committed in &«/-

land, or if the offender or offenders be in Scotland at the time of the commencing the profecution) at the eledion of the commif-(ioners of his Majesty’s customs in that part of the said united kingdom where the offence or offences (haU be committed, wherein no eftoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; any law, ufitge or cuftom to the contrary notwithftandtng.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Imitation at That if any action or fuit shall be commenced against any per-

fon or perioas for any thing done in purfuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in Rich action or fuit may plead the ge» General ifibe». neral iflue, and give this act, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this act; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or di(continue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given, upon any verdict on demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (ball and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for tho Treble colb. fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XLII.

An all to explain and tgmtnd an all paffed in the lajl of	parliament,	intituled, An a<5t for the more eafy and.

fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and It-Deity of JVeftminJler, and that part of the ditchy of Lanoafter, whiph adjoineth thereto ; and far making the faid, all more ejfelfual.	.

’ HEREAS several doubts have arifendn the exeeteticnofziC>eo.i. c.iy, ■ ant	A&pQftd.ih tbt.	twentytpird year of his present, Majejb'*-

reign*

 v^ooQie

37*

Anno vkeCmoquarto Georgii II. C. 42.	£17514

feign y intituled, An a<5t for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and liberty of IVefminJler, and that part of the dutchy o$ Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and the J'aid aft has, in many refpeflSy been found inefficient to anfwer the purposes thereby intended: and whereas doubts have arifeny whether attorniis and Jolicitors are fubjefl to the procejfes of the said court: therefore, for explaining, amending, and making tne said ad more effectual, may it please your most excellent Majcfty, that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King's most excellent Maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons m this present parliament af-Attomies and fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all persons ad-folicitors Tub- mitted as attornies or folicitors shall be, and they are hereby de-ieftfothepro. clared to be fubject to all the procefles of the said court of re-court.0 thC <lucfts for the city and liberty of Wejlminflery and that part of ,	the	dutchy	of	Lancaster	which adjoineth thereto; any thing in

the said a& to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And whereas the commijjioners nominated and appointed to put the said aft in execution, are dire fled by the said afl to meet in three different divifonsy one day in each week: and whereas divers miftaktt

So much of the an^ inconveniencies have happenedy for want of knowing the parti-recited aft as cular bounds and limits of the several divifions or diftrifls: for rerelates to the medy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That dividing the^ frotn an(j tjje twcnty fourth day of June one thousand seven 1	"	hundred and fifty one, 10 much of the said adt as relates to the k

dividing the said city and liberty of IVeJlminfery and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, into three dif-trnfts or divifions, mall be, and is hereby, repealed.	#

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said adt, are hereby authorized and required to affemble, fit and hold the said court in and for the said city and liberty, and that part of the dutchy * of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, in two divifions only $ t/r-delicety the several parishes of Saint Margarety Saint John the evangelift, Saint Martin in the Fieldsy Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Clement DaneSy Saint Mary le Strandy and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said liberty of fVeft-minftery to be one of the said divifions; and the fevei a! parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James, and Saint Aunty to

* be the other divifion, in such manner as is herein after-menti-Dayt of fitting oned and declared; videlicet, the commiflioners for the said fer of the court Veral pari(he$ of Saint Margarety Saint John the evangelift. Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Covent Gar deny Saint Clement Dtmesy Saint Mary le Strandy and that part of the dhtchy of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said liberty of IVeJlminJlety on ^very ThurJHay in every week, or oftener, if neceflary, in fomc convenient part of the said divifion; and the said commiflioners for the parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James^ and Saint Annty and every Tuefday in every week, or oftener, jf neceflary, in fogae convenient pa*t of tho Aid diyifion, for ttw *'putting

city an< ty of Weft-minftej-, &c. into 3 divifi-ons, repealed,

Court to be held in two divifions.

for each divi-itoxu



tjgi«]	Anno vicefimo quarto GfiofcGll II. C. 42.	27%

putting in execution the several powers .and authorities granted by this and the said former aft.

IV.	And whereas the ere fling or hiring, fitting up and maintain-ing two convenient cttirt-houfcs jor the purposes aforesaid, will be attended with very great expence to the officers appointed to put the /aid afl df the lafi fiffion of parliament in execution: and whereas by the /aid afl the Jaid officers are obliged to pay an annual allowance to the ctun/el of the Marlhalfea Court; which expences and allow-ances, ana other neteffiary charges attending the execution of the said afl, have rendered, and ivill continue to render, the profits drifing to the said officers of the court very inconfiderable: therefore, to enable the laid officers to defray such expences, and in order to provide fome compenfation for their trouble, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth The fees foU day of June, inftead of the fees limited by the said former aft, lowing to be the several fees hereafter limited, and no other fee or fees, lhall

be taken for the refpeftive services of the high bailiff of the city by niefor* and liberty of Wejitninjlcr for the time being, and the clerks of mer aft. the said court \ that is to fay.

For i(fuing out every fummons, to the clerk or clerks four pence*

For the  service of such fummons, to the high bailiff four pence.

For every hearing, to the clerk or dirks fix pence, to the high bdU liff three pence.

For an execution, to the clerk or cletks one (billing, to the high bailiff one flailing and fix pence.

For paying money into court, to the clerk of clerks seven pence.

For acknowledging fatisfaflion in full, to the clerk or clerks fig fence.

For every fearch, to the clerk or clerks two pend.

For calling the defendant before the court, to tht clerk or clerks two pence, to the high bailiff two pence.

For every order upon hearings and the entry thereof, to the clerk or derks four pence.

For the  service of every such order, to the high bailiff two pence*

For a nonfuit on the plaintiff s not appearing, to the clerk or clerks .four pence.

A table of which fees shall be hung up by the clerks of the said f able of feef court, or one of them, in fome publick and confpicuous place \° h® hl,n£ up / pf the two court-houfes where the laid commiffioners lhall tneet court" for the purposes aforesaid, to the end that all persons may at all * times fee and read the fame.	.	t

V.	And whereas by the said afl of the lift session of parliament number four derks are appointed for the foid thr^e divipons, which divifms

are by this afl reduced to two; be it ertafted by the authority afore- t|ie death, laid. That upon the death, refigriation or removal of any one lignatiort or of the said four clerks, the remaining three derks fball continue removal, to aft; and upon the death, refignation or removal of any one ~ of the said three clerks, then the remaining two lhall in like r upanner proceed to aft * and lhall continue to carry into execu*

Vot. XX.	T	tteib

*74	Anflo	vfcelimo	quarto	Georgia It. c> 4$.

tion all the powers and authorities by the (aid former and thii present adl vetted in the said clerks; nor (hail the commiflioneri

I>roceed to choofe another clerk in the place or (lead of any one o dying, refigmng or being reutoved, until the number of the said clerks thall be reduced to one; at which time, or fo food after as the fame thall be publickly known, the commiflioner* appointed to put the said former and this present adt in execution thall proceed to eledt another clerk, to be joined with the funri-ving or remaining clerk, according to the directions for that purpose in the said former adt, fo as such number of clerics shall not at any time afterwards exceed the number of two.

Clerks not to VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That att as juttices no clerk or clerks of the said court shall adt as a joftice or juftices rtlkrive'to^the ^e Peace' *n anY matter or thing whatfodver relative to the jurifdidion of proceedings of the said court, or any matter which may arise in the court. relation to the jurifdidtion of the fame: but nothing in this oir the said former adt contained shall prevent or exclude any cleric of the said court from adting as a juftice of the peace in any matter not relative to the bufinefs or jurifdidtion of the faia court.	.

Perfons refid- ‘ VII. And whereas doubts have arifen, whether any perfin or per-ingwithinthe jom refMn* tuitbin the (ity and liberty */Weftmi niter, or that part tothe iudlmc- °f duteny ^Lancafter adjoining thereto, ahi who ate indebted to tion though persons who aid not reftie within the limits aforesaid, are fubjefl to the plaintiff be the jurifdiftion of the said court: for remedy thereof, be it decla-not refiant red anJ enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons in-therein. habiting within the limits aforesaid thall be, and are hereby declared to be, fubjedt to the procefs and jurifdidtion of the said dourt, although the plaintiff fuing out such procefs shall not inhabit or refide within the said city and liberty of Weftminjler, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafier which adjoineth thereto.

CAP. XLIII.

An act fir the fncre tffeftuol preservation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the difpojition of penalties given by afts of parties-.. went relating to the highways, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the recovery thereof j and for the more effeftual preventing of mifehiefs of-» r cajioned by the drivers riding upon carts, drays, carrs aid waggons, in the city of London, and within ten miks thereof.

WHEREAS great Jiims of money have been expended in lb mending and repairing the turnpike roads of this kingdom, yet the said roads cannot be kept in fufficient repair, and are in 'mans places become ruinous, by the great and exceffive weights which tie number of horfes now allowed by law to draw waggons and other ear-riages enable carriers and other persons ujtng the said roads toeanj upon she fame: for remedy whereof, be It enadteft by the Kang**



I7J1.] Anno vioafiroo quarfia Georgii IL a 4^	27$

saioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of

the lords spiritual and temporal and compnons in this pcefent

parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, .That Tnritaftoftbt

from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred raa^

and fifty two, h shall and may he lawful for all truftees or com«	thc toiis

tniffioners appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by any ad for every

or adts of parliament, for the repair of any highway or high* waggon, frcw

ways in that part of Great Britain oailed England, in their re- drawn with a

fpe&ve diftri&s, of any five of them, or any person or persons throaglTany

impowered by them, or any five of them, to demand, receive turnpike, &c#

and take, and they are hereby required to demand, receive and

take, at all the gates and bars they have ereded, or shall ere&,

for the receiving and colle&ing any toll or duty, the sum of

twenty Auilmgs for every waggon or other carriage drawn by

fix horfes, before such waggon or other carriage shall be per-

netted to pafs through any such toll-gate or toll-bar, over and

shove the tolls or duties already granted, or hereafter to be

granted; which feid additional toll or duty hereby granted and

made payable, shall and may be levied and recovered upon any

perfon who shall after demand made thereof refufe or neglect to

pay the fame, m such manner as any other toll or duty payable

nt the feme turnpike-gate or bar is by Jaw to be levied and re-

powredj and the money arifing from such additional duty (halt

be applied to the repair of the highway where the feme (haU

be cohered.

II.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That Penalty of ta-if any person or persons shall take off, or caufe to be taken off} king off horfei any horfe or horfes fiom any waggon or other carriage, at or be- *° **0ld fore the feme shall come to any .of the.feid gates or turnpikes,dut3r>

with intent to avoid paying the fiud additional toll or duty, each and every person fo offending, and being convi&ed thereof before the feid truftees, or any five or more of them, or one of more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding or di-vifion, where the offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or foore credible witness or wimeffes, which oath the said truftees, or any five or more of them, or the feid juftice or juftices, *re hereby (mpowered to adminifter, shall forfeit and pay to the informer the sum of fivepounds $ which fum, in cafe the to belevSed by feme be not forthwith paid, "fhall be levied by diftvefe and fale _of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal, or fale* bands and feats of the feid truftees, or any five or more of them, or the feid juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus to the owner *(# any be) on demand, after dedu&rng the reafonablc charges of maxing such diftrefs and fale, to be fettled bjr the said truftees, or any five or more of them, or by the feid juftice or juftices,

III,	And be it ena&ed and declared by the authority aforesaid, Perfons drfv-That every person who shall drive any waggon or other carriage »«g with more upon any part of any turnpike road with moro horfes than such |?or*cs lhatt waggon or other carriage shall on the feme day jiSifs through JjJ*u paf,gwiih any turnpike-bar or gate with, shall be deemed and adjudged the feme day,

Ta	to	deemed to fjv-

tj6	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	Georgii	II.	0.43*	[1751.

cur the penal- to have taken off the said horfes with intent to avoid paying the ty*	faid additional toll or duty.

Penalty of dri-	IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the author

ving waggons- rity atorefaid, That from and after the first day of September one t»rn°fikeroads	feven	hundred	and	fifty	one,	no	waggon,	can	or	other

toTJoid the * carriage, travelling for hire upon any of the said turnpike roads* lolls,	fhali be drove or turned out of the fame into any of the roads

adjacent, not being turnpike roads, in order to avoid, and there* by avoiding paying the tolls and duties appointed by this or any former ad or ads to be paid at any gate or turnpike ereded for the colleding and receiving the fame, upon pain of forfeiting and lofing any one of the horfes drawing such waggon, cart or carriage, (not being the thill or (haft horfe) with all his geers and accoutrements, to the foie ufe and benefit of any person or to be levied persons who shall feize or diftrain the fame; and the person or according to persons making such feizureor diftrefs shall proceed in like man-6 Geo. i.c.12. ncI-5 arKj be intitled to the like remedies, as is direded and given in cafes of feizure of horfes, by an ad of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An alt for making more effectual the several alts pofftd for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom.

Carriages ex- V. Provided always. That nothing in this ad shall be deem* empted. ed or conftrued to extend to any coach, berlin, chariot, chaife, ca!a(h or hearfe, or to any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, employed only about hufbandry, or in carrying only of hay* ftraw, com unthra(hed, or chalk, or any (lone, block of marble, or piece of timber, nor to carravans, or the covered carriages of noblemen and gentlemen for their private ufe, or such timber, ammunition or artillery, as shall be for his Majesty’s service. x|Gto.i. c 41. VI. And whereas on aft of parliament was made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the preservation of the publick roads, in that part of Great Britain called England, which hath proved inefficient for the purpofe, by reason that few of the cranes, machines or engines, therein mentioned for the weighing of carriages, have been erected; and to avoid fiuh as have been er tiled, the owners and drivers of waggons, and other carriages ^ with exceffrve weights, have in several places left the turn-pike road, and gone through other roads and by-lanes, which have been repaired at a great expence by the inhabitants of the several pa-ri/hes and places where the fame fie, and thereby such roads and by-Janes have been greatly damaged and made ruinous, to the great prejudice and expence of such inhabitants, and the income ofjbe toll hath ban also much lejfened: for remedy, whereof, and rendering the said ad more etfe&ual for the purposes thereby intended, be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That on or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, all commiftioners or truftees already appointed by any ad or ads of parliament for the repairs of any highway or high* ways in that part of Great Britain Called England, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required, at one or (pore gate or gates, bar or bars, or at fome other convenient

*	place

Truftees to •red engines for weighing carriages.



J751*] Anno vicefwio quarto GeoRgiI IL- c. 45.	37;

place or places within their refpedtive diftridts, to order and caufe' to be built and erected a crane, machine or engine proper for the weighing of carts, waggons or other carriages for the carrying of any goods or merchandize whatlbever, and order and caufe all and every such carts and .waggons or, other carriages (except such at by this adt are excepted) which shall pafs through any such gate.or bar to be weighed, together with the loading thereof,. and shall receive and take filch toll and additional duty of twenty fhiUings the hundred, as .is by-the said adt authorized and directed to be received and taken, and shall apply the fame for thepurpofesin the said adt mentioned.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Tr“ft®es this adt contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to ob-lige the truftees of any turnpike road beyond thirty miles dif- London, or tance from London* or where the tolls and duties granted to such where the tolls truffees do not amount to the annual fum of one hundred and do not amount fifty pounds within thirty miles diftance from London, to erect *^01. any engine or machine for the weighing waggons or carriages; not obliged to any thing in this adt to the contrary notwithstanding.	eredt engines,

. VIII. And whereas an aft pajfed in the fir ft year of the reign of King George the First has not been foundfufficient to prevent the	1 G*0-1-?- 57*

chiefs that frequently happen by the negligence of carters, draymen, carman and waggoners riding on their carriages in (he cityof London* hr within ten miles thereof •* now, in order more effectually to prevent such mifehiefs for the future, and for the more fpeedy and eafy eonvidtion and punching offenders against the said adt, be ife therefore enacted, That if any carter, drayman, carman, Penalty on waggoner or other driver (hall, after the twenty fourth day of carter riding June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, ride upon such up<m his cart, cart, dray, cart or waggon in the city of London* or within ten perioa miles thereof, not having fome other person or persons on foot 0n foot to, to guide or condudt the Tame, every such perfon, being thereof guide the convidted according to the tenor of the aforesaid adt, lhall for- **me# feit and pay the sum of ten (hillings, in cafe such driver (hall; not be the owner of such carriage j and in cafe the offender be the owner of such carriage, then any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings : which penalties shall be recovered, levied and applied, as by the said former adt is diredted concerning the ten (hillings- penalty aforesaid.

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it fliall Any p;rfon and may be lawful for. any person or persons, though not a may appre-peace officer, to (top and apprehend such offender, and to carry iuch him, ,as loon as conveniently may be, before anyjuftice of the clrryhimV-peace for the county, city or place where such offence is com-fore a juitice. mined ; and in cafe any person or persons shall refift, abufe or ~ ^ of rc prevent any person endeavouring to apprehend any such offend -cr, or when he is apprehended, shall refeue or endeavour to re-	..V

fcue him, such person fo offending lhall for every such offence incur the penalty of twenty (hillings, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid.

X# Provided always, and be it further enacted by the audio-

T 3	rity

*7*

Waggons drawing up fteep hull, may ufe as many borfes as tbe jufbce* at fefljons fluil direct

Penalties vetted in tbe in* former.

Method of Recovery*

Amu) vicefirrto qukito Geokgii H.	£*75*-

rity aforefiud, That nothing bn this or any farmer aft coo tanned, shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to redratn or hinder imy owner or owners of any waggon or other carriage, or Us arthar fervants, ufing or drawing with as many horfes or beafts as ftxatt be neceflary for the drawing such waggons or other carriages op any such fteep hiDs, as the juftices dfthe peace of the refpefttvo counties, ridings, divisions and places where such deep hitts'do lie, shall at their quarter-fefltons from time td time order and direft; which said order anddireftion Aaft be kept by tbe re* fpeftivb clerks of the peace among the records of tbe feffioaj, to which all persons, at reafonabfe times, shall bare rtooede without fee or reward.

XI.	And whereas several arts heme been modes as wO far nu fairing and amending drDers publiek roads in that faff §f Great Britain called England, as for punijbing offences done or committed mf~ cnor to the highways, the good intentions whereof have not beam am* fwered for want of a due execution of the said lotus; for remedy whereof, and as a further encouragement to ibfomters, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, "That all penalties and forfeitures impofed by this or any former aft, (hall, ftofo and after the tenth day of September in the year one rhoufand fevtn hundred and fifty one, be wholly given to and vefted in the bn former or peribn who shall foe for the feme; any law or fcmrto td the contrary rtotwithftandmg: artd every such informer or prt>-fecutor shall and may from thenceforth fue for and recaver hch forfeitures or penalties by this or any of the said adteht in the fame manner as the fame are feverally ^nd relpratvely direfted to be fued for and recovered, dr by aftionofokwrv .to-be brought by fueh informer or pfofectitor m any of bis Maje-(Vy’s courts of record aft Wtfiminfter^ iffmanner following} that is to fay, where Soy person (ball for any such offcrtCe be liable to pay any pecuniary penalty, it shall be lawful to fue far the Tame oy aftion of debt; in which it shall be diffident to declare, that the defendant i$ indebted to the plaintiff 1ft the fom of

being forfeited by an aft, irttitoidd.

and where the penalty or forfeiture is of arty hdrfe or horfes, gelding or geldings, mare or mares, or other goods, by an action of trover against the person liable to such penalty or for* feiture, in which the value of fifth horfe or horfes, gddlng 6r geldings, mare or mares, orofher goods is or are liable to tbe forfeiture, shall be given in damages, Without any feteertor Double cod*, demand thereof; and the plaintiff, if he recover in any fofch aftion, shall havd double cofts j provided that there (hill ndt Ximiutionof be more than one recovery for the fefoe offence: and that no mftions. aftion shall be brought, by virtue of thi« aft, in ahy of hfe Hfi-jefty’s said courts of record, unless the feme be brought before the end of fix calendar months after the offence comrtlifted,

CAP*

1751*] Anno viccfimo quarto GboRGU JR. G*44*	tjf

CAP. XLIV.

Ah aB	frr	the rendering juftices of the peace more faft in

the execution of their office * and for indemnifying and others ailing in obedience to (heir warrants,

’117 HERE AS jujiitts of the peace are diftour aged in the	-

Vt turn of their offite by vexatious aflions brought	them

for or by reason of /mail and involuntary errors in their proceedings : and whereas it is neeeffitry that they fttould be (as far as is with	jstflhe, and the	fafety and liberty of the fubjeds over whom

their authority extends) rendered fafe in the execution of the fold office and truft : and whereas it is also neeeffitry Heat the fubje&s	,

he	proteQed from all wilful and oppreffive abufe of the several laws

and Jlatutes committed to the core and execution of the said juftices of the peace; be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majesty, ty and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty No writ to b» one, no writ shall be fued out againft, nor any copy of anyu procefe, at the fuit of a fubject, shall be ferved on any juftice of wf,at he {half the peace for any' thing by him done in the execution of hit do in the exe-office, until notice in writing of fiich intended writ or procefi c^ion ®fhis shall have been delivered to him, or left at the ufual place	^

his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends himT to fue or caufe the fame to be fued out or fervea, at leaft one calendar month before the fuing out or ferving the feme j in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the caufe of ydtion which such party hath or claimeth to have against such juftice of the peace; on the back of which notice mall be in-dorfed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode, who shall be intitled to have the fee of twenty (hillings for the preparing and ferving such notice, and no more,

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- he may tender ful to and for such juftice of the peace, at any time, within one amends $ calendar month after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney ; and in cafe the fame is not accepted, to plead such ten- *nd pjcad the der in bar to any adtion to be brought against him, grounded m barr on such writ or procefs, together with the plea of Not guilty, c‘ ind any other plea with the leave of the court; and it upon iflue joined thereon the jury shall find the amends fo tendered to have been fufficient, then they shall give a verdidt for the defendant $ and in such cafe, or in cafe the plaintiff shall become nonfuit, or shall diicontinue his or her afliori, or in cafe judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, fiich juftice shall be intitled to the like cofts as he would

ve been intitled unto, in cafe he had pleaded the general iflue

T 4	only	|

 t^-ooQle

notice.

Juftice miy

tStf	Anno	viocfimo	quarto	Georgii	II. c. 44.	[1751.

only; and if upon ilfue fo joined the jury shall find that no a-mends were tendered, or that the fame were not fufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants on such other pica or pleas, then they shall give a verdid for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he or (he shall reco^ ver, together with his or her cofts of fuit.

Plaintiff not to III. And be it further enaded, That no such plaintiff shall recover with- recover any verdict against such juftice in any cafe where the ac-put proof of t-lon shall be groun(je(i 0n any ad of the defendant, as juftice of the peace, unless it is proved upon the trial of such a&ioo, that (uch notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof such juftice shall recover a verdid and cofts as aforesaid.

IV.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe such juftice shall negledt to tender any amends, or pay into court niall have tendered inefficient amends, before the adion brought, joined Vuch	an<*	may	be for him, by leave of the court where

sum as he shall such adion shall depend, at any time before iffue joined to pay think fit. into court such sum of money as he shall fee fit ; whereupon such proceedings, orders and judgments shall be had, made and given in and by such court, as in other adtions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

Evidence not V. And be it further eoadled, That no evidence shall be per-* to be given of mitted to be given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such ac-

tiny caufe, but t|0n ^ aforesaid, of any caufe of adtion, except such as is con-luco as is con- » •	,	•	.	•	.	.

•tamed in the tamed in the notice hereby diredted to be given.

notice.	VI.	And	be	it	further	enadted	by	the authority aforesaid,

Adtion not to That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thou-be brought fand seven hundred and fifty one, no adtion shall be brought ' against any conftable, headborough or other officer, or against ing in obedi- anX perf°n or persons adting by his orefer and in his aid, for iny ence to juftice* thing done in obedience to any warrant under the hand *or feal warrant, till of any juftice of the peace, until demand hath been made or demand made icfj at t£c pjace cf abode, by the party or parties in-tiJ Warrant Ending10 bring such adtion, or by his, her or their attorney or end re.ufal agent, in writing, figned by the party demanding the fame, of thereof ic. the perufal and copy of fuen warrant, ?pd the fame hath been or)So i* de refufed or negleded for the space of fix days after such demand;

and in cafe after such demand apd compliance therewith, by (hewing the said warrant to, and permitting a copy to be taken thereof by the party demanding the fame, any adion shall be brought against such gonftable, headborough or other officer, or against such person or perfpns ading in his aid for any (uch caufe as aforesaid, without making the juftice or juftices who figned or fealed the said warrant, defendant or defendants, that on producing and proving such warrant at the trial of such action, the jury (hail give their verdid for the defendant or defendants, ootwithftandiog any defed of jurifdidion in such juftice or juftices; and if such adion be brought jointly againif such juftice or juftices, and also against such conftable, hcadbbr rough or other officer, or person or persons ading in his or their jud' ^s aforetyd, then on proof pf such warrant the jury (hall

find



1751-] Anno vicelimo quarto Georgii II, C.4.5.	18	r

find for such conftable, headborough or other officer, and for such person and persons fo a&ing as aforefoid, notwithstanding such defect of jurifdi&ion as aforesaid j and if the verdidfc shall be given against the iuftice or juftices, that in such cafe the plain' tiff or plaintiffs shall recover his, her, or their cofts against hint or them, to be taxed in such manner by the proper officer, as to include such cofts as such plaintiff or plaintiffs are liable to pay to such defendant or defendants for whom such verdid shall be found as aforesaid,

VII.	Provided always. That where the plaintiff in any fuch

adion against any juftice of the peace shall obtain a verdid, in certify the Cafe the judge before whom the caufe shall berried, shall incaufeofac-open court certify on the back of the record, that the injury for tion was wil-which such adion was brought, was wilfully and malicioufly .Committed, the plaintiff shall be intitled to have and receive double cofts of fuit;	double cofts.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority Limitation of jifqrefaid, That no adion shall be brought against any juftice adion*,

of the peace for any thing done in the execution of his office, or against any conftable, headborough or other officer, or person ading as aforesaid, unless commenced within fix calendar months after the ad committed.

CAP. XLV.

An alt for the more efftttual preventing of robberies and thefts upon any navigable rivers, ports of entry or dif~ charge, wharfs, and keys adjacent,

t

WH E~8rE A S divers wicked and ill-difpofed persons are encouraged to commit robberies and thefts upon navigable riversf ports of entry and difcharge, wharfs and keys adjacent, by the privi* lege, as the law now is, of being admitted to the benefit of their clergy ; therefore, for the more effedual preventing such felonies for the future, be it enaded by the King’s most excellent maje-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every per- Perfons con-fon or persons that (hall, at any time from and after the twenty v»ftcd of theft fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one,	any

felonioufly fteal any goods, wares or merchandize, of the value y^cl,	^

of forty (hillings, in any (hip, barge, lighter, boat or other vcffel, or craft, upon any navigable nver, or in any port of entry or difeharge, or in any creek belonging to any navigable river, port of entry or difeharge, within the kingdom of Great Britain 5 or shall felonioufly fteal any goods, wares or merchandize, of the value of forty (hillings, upon any whirf or key adjacent to any navigable river, port of entry or difeharge, or shall °r 0,1 be present, aiding and aflifting in the committing any of the of- w ' fences aforesaid, being thereof convicted or attainted, or being or affifting ifidi&ed thereof shall of malice Hand mute, or will not diredtlvthcrc,n' jmfwer to the indidtment $ or shall peremptorily challenge above

'	■	clergy"* 1

 t^ooQle

Anno vifefim* qwto GsoRGH II. e.4&	[1751.

the number of twenty perfoost returned* to be of the jury; (hal be excluded from the benefit of clergy, .

CAP. XLVI.

4n off far repealing the duties mm payable upem foreign &n non yarns, and for granting other duties m lieu thereof.

WHEREAS the jupport and encouragement of the British manufactures of ftriped and chequered linen, and of linen mined with cotton, is of great importance to the trade and navigation of this kingdom: and whereas the exports of the said manufactures have of late years confiderably decreafed: and whereas the reducing qf the duties now payable upon foreign linen yarnsr would greatly tend to the encouragement and support of the said manufactures, by putting them upon a more equal footing with the manufactures of other nations, and thereby enable the British manufactures to regain and enlarge their export trade: may it therefore please your most excellent M^je-fty that it may beena&ed j and be it enaAed by the King’s most excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, all the fates, duties, fubfidies, and im-Spnice’yarnsi pofitions, which are now payable by virtue of several a As of *	9	parliament upon the importation of raw foreign linen yams,

known by the name of Dutch yarn and French yam, and of end un- “Spruce or Mufcovia yarn; and also upon the importation of wrought incle whitened or bleached foreign linen yams, known by the name and fhort Qf Unwrought inele and Short fpinnel; and also upon the iqipor-Sherforeign Nation of all other raw and whitened or bleached foreign linen yarn import- yam, shall ceafe and determine, and be no logger paid.

II.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said rates, duties* fubfidies and impofttion? by this a Appealed as aforesaid, there (hall, from and after the (aid twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, fee granted and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccei-(ors, the refpeAive duties following, upon the importation of foreign linen yarns into this kingdom (that is to (ay)

The present duties upon Dutch, French, and

ed, repealed.

Duties grant ed in lieu thereof.

For every pound weight of French, Dutch, Mufcovia, or Spruce faw linen yarn, the fum qf one penny.

And for every pound weight of whitened or bleached linen yarn, known by the name of Unwrought incle or Short fpinmU 4>f the manufaAure of any part or place not belonging to the frown of Great Britain, the sum of three pence.

And also the (aid duty of one penny for every pound weigjht g>f all other raw linen yarn.

And the said duty of three pence for every pound weight of all other whitened or bleached linen yarn refpeAively, of the ma-jiufaAure of any part pr place not belonging to the crown qf Gwt Britain.

IU, And

 ^ ooQle

i.751•] Anna viccfimo quarto Georgii II. c. 47.	28$

III.	And bn It ftirtber eaaCttd by the authority aforefeid, n .

That the duties hereby granted toll be raifed, levied, and col- ^ levied, tcc, IdAed, by the refbeCnve officers of his Majesty’s customs in

this kingdom* under the management and direction of the re-fpedtive commiflteners of the customs for the time being; and that the Aid dories toll be collected, raised and levied, in the fame manner, and with the fame authorities and powers, and upder the like regulations, reffriCtions, penalties and forfeitures, as the rates, dories, fobfidies and impositions, hereby repealed as aforesaid, are now raifed, collected and levied, as folly and efFeftnally, to all intents and purposes, as if the prooifions and clsofes, directions, matters and things, relating to the railing, collecting snd levying of the said rates, duties, fubfidies, and impofhions, were herein particularly mferted and re-enaCted.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, to be paid in. That all the monies arifing by the said duties hereby granted, to the exche. iball be paid into the exchequer fcparate and apart from all the 9uer branches of the publick revenues, and shall be fubjeCl 'and liable b^^cb«of to the fame ufes and purposes respectively, as the duties hereby the nveuua, repealed and taken off are now liable and appropriated unto.

C AP. XLVU.

An alt for granting to bis Majtfiy the futn of fix hundred

tloufand pounds out the finking ffor the  service of the year one tboufanH seven hundred and fifty one; and for allowances	to the poor widows of and	warrant

officers of the royal navy •, and for the further appropriating the	fupplies granted this	feffion •,	and

for making forth duplicates of exchequer	tickets.,	certificates, orders of	loan, or annuity orders, payable

at the exchequer in lieu of fucb as Jball be loft, burnt Or defrayed; and also for making forth new orders of loan or annuity orders, in lien of fitch Jhall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise incumbered with affignments or cn-dorfements thereon.

MO ST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being deflrous to raife the  necessary fupplies Which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this leflion of parliament, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, in the called manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majesty’s fubjeCts, and also to ufe such ways and means therein as that your Majesty may have the better and more fpeedy effeCt of the said fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of fix hundred thculand pounds out of the furplufies, excclTes and overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund; and to that end and purpose do mod humbly beieech your Majesty that it may be enaCted, and be it

484	Anno vicdimo quarttKiBORGii II. cu^jr* [1751^

cnafted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority * . of the fame. That by or out of such monies as now are or shall canted out ^rom t*tnc to t*mc be anc* remain in the receipt of the exchequer^ of the finking of the said furpluffes, excefles or oyerplus monies, commonly fund, towards called the finking fundy (after paying or referving Efficient to pay. the supply for such fum ^nd fums of money as have been directed by any. t ecurreat former or afts of parliament, to be paid out of the (amc)* y *	there	(hall	and may be ifliied and applied, a fum not exceeding

the said fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the fervicc of the (aid year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and the commifii-oners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the lame accordingly* Oaufe of loan And it is hereby cnafted by the authority aforesaid, *mt jL percent* That in cafe the said commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer,. or any three or more of the commiflioners of the tre*(ury for the time being, shall think it advifeable to raife the said fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of bis Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the said fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the said furpluffes, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the finking fundy and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding three. pounds per centum per annum, fo as such loans be allowed to be made by the said commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifliie their warrants for that purpose as faft as such loans shall be wanted for.the publick fervicc; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft, shall be rated or aflefled to any tax or affeffment whatsoever.

III.	And be it further enabled. That all and every person and persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this aft as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her or their talley, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbears ance thereof, not exceeding the said rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of

Tallies and orders for repayment.

to carry jl. per cent* intereft.

The orders to

iLhc	money	be	lent,	(hall	be	regiftpre^	in	comfe,	according	to

UP icguvcreUf	...



1751.] Anno vicefimo quarto GeoROU II. c.47.	385

the dates nefpedively, and that all and every perlon and persons aiuJ *j shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall ftand re- courfe, giftered in the said regifter books, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns who shall have his, her or their order or orders first entered in the said books of regifter, shall be taken and account** ed to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said furplufies, excefles or overplus monies; and he, (he or they who shall have his, her or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the fecond person to be paid, and fo fuccefiivelyand in courfe; and that the monies to come in of <or for the said furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund as aforesaid, shall be in the fame order liable to the (atisfadion of the said refpedive persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, successors or afligns refpedively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertiblc to any other ufe, intent or purpose whatfo-ever, (other than such ules and purposes as are appointed by any other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf as aforesaid) ana that no fee, reward or gratuity diredly or indiredly shall No fee for be demanded or taken of any of his Majeftv’s fubjeds for pro- regiftering. vidingor making of any such books or regirfers, or any entries, views or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the in-tereft thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of (uit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue Penalty, preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending -(hall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and it any such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredion or privity of his matter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to luch adion, debt, damages and cofts, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place, and in cafe the-auditor of the receipt shall not dired the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order as . before direded, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable . to such adion, debt, damages and oofts in such manner as aforesaid $ all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts to Forfeiture* • be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any theif how to be deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by adion of debt, recover^ bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wifimnflir, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, injundiori qt order pf reftpunt shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IV.	PrO-



*86	Anno	vicafiao quartoGborGH If €. 47. fxygiI

No undue pre- IV. Provided tlway*, and it ttdccUf%^LTtatjf it shall iu^h ference where pen fcxeral talbes of loan* or-ardors tor payment ao afpns tallies are £jd, tear-date or be brought the (anae day to (he auditor of the receipt, to be regiftetcd, then it shall be interpreted no undue

dated the fame day.

Nor if fubfe-quent orders

be JLr“

Orders affign-able toties quo-tics.

preference which of thofc he entered firft, io as he enters thaw all ike hum day..

V.	Provided atfo, That k shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, it theau-

fuc^^wm* d*or ^*re*»alM* Ae dterk of the polls record, and the teHersdo not demanded P*y fuhfequent orders to perfofts that come and demand their in courfe. wienies and bring then orders, before other persons that did not ame to take their! monies and bring their ntdens in courfe, fb as there be fo much money reforvcd as will fktisfy precedent or-ders which (haH not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for the&V interest upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is b . referred and kept in bank for them.

VI.	And be it further eaafted. That ail and every person and perfbfcM to whom any money shall be due for loans, to be registered by virtue of this aft, after order entered in the book of roglfter as aferefeid, his, her or their executors, ndmmiftratom or affigns, by proper words of alignment to he mdorfed and written upon his, her or their order, may affign and transfer his, her or their right, title, interest and benefit of iuch order, -or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified ra the office of the auditor df the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in die book of regiftry aforesaid, for orders (wWch the officers (hah upon requeft, without foe or Charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such affignee, fiis^ h«r w their4cxecutors, adminiftrators, fuCccfforsand affigns tpthe benefit thereof, and payment thereon, end such affigme may m like manner affign again, and fo touts queries j and afterwards it ffiaU not be in the power of inch person or persons who lave or hath made such alignment, to make void, releafe or difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And, to the and there may be-no want or;fadurewf a certain fum, not to pccecd in the whole the said fitm affix hundred ttoufxrid pounds, to be raised either by such loans as aforcfiud, or fey Wiling exchequer biUs, as is .herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick Service; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any throe or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiionets of the treafury for the time.bemg, shall judge it more advifeable, to raife the find fom of fix bus*

.	died	thotrfand	pounds,	or	any	part thereof, by exchequer bills,

trffisch loans as aforesaid, that then they refpe£tivclf ore '	*	hereby	authorized	and rmpowened, at any time or times, to pre-

pare and make, or caufe to be prepared and mack ar t hc exche-s qmw, any number of new exchequer bilk, for any fam or .fums of'.money not exceeding in the whole the feid fum of fix hundred thoufend pounds, together with such loans as afovefaid, in

the

No fee for entry.

The argument not to be voided.

CommiiRon-ers of the treafury may make new ex chequer bills

 L-ooqI

1751 •]	Ann*) vfcefimo qtwrto {Jfcokon ft. C. 47.	ft	If

the feme Of like matiner, form or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions as in and by a certain aft of parliament, {For continuing and granting to bis Majejiy certain duties upon malty ttiutny cyder and perry fir the fervtce of the year mo ihoujatid seven hundred and .fifty they) are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made m purfuanee of the &id a ft.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefhid. The exche-That all and every the claufes, provifbes, powers, privileges, quer bilU ta advantages, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities contained in he fubjea to the laid lad-mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequer [tonsu^th* bills, authorized to be made by the faihe aft (exceptfuch claufes malt aft.

as do charge the fame on the rates and duties granted by the Tame aft) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuanee of this aft, as folly and effeftually to alt intents and purposes as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said laft mentioned aft, or as if the said several claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and te>enaAed in the body of this present aft.

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aH Exchequer the exchequer bills as lhall be made in purfuanee of this aft, bills, See. to hnd the intereft, Preemiumy rate and charges incident to or at- he repaid out tending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and charge- “nlun* able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of tht

growing produce of the said furpluffes, excefles and overplus monies. Commonly called the Sinking Fundy (except such monies of the said Sinking Fundy as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other aft or afts of parliament ih that behalf;) and such monies of the said Sinking Ffpsd (hail and may be ifliied and applied 4s fad as the fame can be regular- « ly dated and afcertained for and towards the paying off, cancelling and difeharging such exchequer bills, intereft, Premium* rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, can*-celled and diicharged, or money fufficient for that purpose be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable On demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That J^an cxtn9 from and after the Twenty fourth day of June one thousand ordinary ia * feveft hundred and fifty one, there lhall be allowed upon the every 100, to books of every (hip of war in fea pay, one other feaman in every be allowed on hundred men that the complement of such (hip of war shall b<K^c^f confift of, for such tithe only as the number of men employed [n jfea°pay,

in the  service of the royal navy shall not exceed twenty thou-

Tand; and that the produce 6f the wages of each such feaman, and his wages

and the Value of hi* Viftuals, shall be given and applied to the and value of

relief of the poor widows of commiflion and warrant officers of

the royal navy, according to such rules, orders and regulations ^ne?of the11

as his Majesty hath edamiftied or appointed, or shall eftablifti widows of

or appoint for that purpofe, over and above the one feaman al- commiffion

lowed them by an aft of the fixth year of his present Majesty’s warratt*

reign; tfrtd the principal officers and commiffioners of the navy	C1^

royal f. is/



ft«8

Appropriation of the monies of the malt aft, kc.

Land tax,

Lottery aft.

and (Inking ^ fund.

and the

' 600,Ooo K granted by this aft;

it.'

0 s. to d. to-

Anno vicefma q^rta GeoaGH ft

Boyalnow and for thejtime being* JUfchfti other pfifenp ^unearned* ihall and.areheteby aut^iaedaod/fta^^ psvcrmUowaooc on such (hips books, ofdaelaid^^ iftedcry hundred men* borne. thereupon a^cor4«g^fcWoJ v^> t rXLPrcwidcd always,, and it is hereby further cpiftei authority aforesaid* That all the monies coming imothg^x^bcr? (pier cither by loans or'exchequer bills, upop one fftTmrt of parliament ^iotitded,. fitenH far continuing:aad^ ingJobis Majesty eertain duties upon malt, mum* cider md\fomjv firths fervid of the year one thou fond /even hundred and fifty 4G*h and To much money, if any such be, of .the duties thereby g^az^, ed as shall ante or cemain after all the loans or exchequer made or to be made on. the. fame aft, and all the intereft, JPff*. mium, rate and charges thereupon, and the charges theroby^ljr. lowable for railing the said duties shall he finished, or nappiijej fuffidenfe shall be. referred in the exchequer to fatisfy and dif-charge the feme; .and also all the monies coming into th* eptr> chequer either by loans, or exchequer bills, upon one other;aft, oftkisfcflionofparliament (intituled,

bis Msjefiyby a land-tax to be raifid in Great Britain,foe, the fervid of the year one thousand /even hundred and fifty one) and fo much monies, if any fiich Be. of the tax thereby granted, a&ihaU aiife or remain after the loans or exchequer bills made or to be uaadp* on the fame aft, and all the intereft, Pr&mium,, ratf^qd charges thereupon,, and the charges thereby allowable for waiting the Jaid land tax shall be fatisfied, Qr money foffickqt ihpjl be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fitipeivapd alfo* all the monies coming into the exchequer by contribHtipoa tqr annuities and a lottery, after the rate of three pounds ptr eetb turn per annum, granted by one other aft of this prefeoL feffioa of parliament (intituled,///? aftfer granting to his Maiefiy th^jam of two millions one hundred thousand pounds, to be raifid	annuities

and a lottery, and charged on the f hiking fund, redeemable iy parliament) and also all the monies coming into the exchequer by exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of oaC:-otbqrvA&; of this prdent feflion of parliament (intituled, fin oft for^naUr ing his Majesty to raife the Several fums of money therein myuUsn~ ed by exchequer bills, to be charged on the finking fvnd\.andfor uRr-powering the commijfioners of. the treafury to payoff the aid andnew unfubferibed South-Sea annuities > out of the supply granted to bis Majesty for the Service of the year one thousand jeven hundred and, fifty one i and for enabling the bonk of England /* hold general courts, and courts of directors, in the manner therein directed iand, forgiving certain persons liberty to fubfcribe bank and SouthrSqa^as* unities omitted to be jubferibed purfimt to two a Us of tbelafi ffffiut, of parliament) and also the fuoiof fix hundred thousand pounds by this aft granted, shall be further ^appropriated qpd qr»i hereby appropriated for and towards the fcveral pofes herein after exprefled; that is to f^,	lf|, x

XII. It is hereby enacted and declared by the authority g/offo faid* That out ft all or any of the aids or fupplies piovi(JqtfcjU

flop*-

 G( . ^Ie

*%75k] Anno vicefimo quarto Gioroii II. c. 47.	289

aforefaid, there shall and may be iffued and applied any fum or wards the ftims of money not exceeding one million forty fix thousand n*val f€rvicc* five hundred and fifty nine pounds seven (hillings and ten pence, for or towards the naval services herein after more particularly txprefled 5 that is to fay, for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards viduals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the jri&uaHing thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or rewards lea services, in the office of ordnance, performed and 40 be performed, and for or towards the buildings, redmildings and repairs of his Majesty’s (hips for the year one thousand fe-ren hundred and fifty one, and for or towards paying off and difeharging such part of the debt of the navy as is due upon the head of Teamens wages.

XIII.	And it is hereby also enaCted by the authority aforesaid, 10,0001. to* Th*t out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid. there ihall wards the and may be iffued and applied any fum or (urns ot money not fopp°«* of •exceeding ten thousand pounds upon account, towards the fop- hor^^lc * port of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the said hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country.

XIV.	And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any 110,8501. %$. the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and 1 d: towards applied any fum or furas of money not exceeding one hundred defraying the and ten thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds three (hillings office of ord-and one penny, for or towards defraying the charge of the of- hance for fice of ordnance for land  service for the year oneithouGtnd seven land service. hundred and fifty one, performed and to he performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for

land service, not provideo for by parliament.

XV.	And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or^	^

any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and s, \ may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex- wards the ceeding one million feventy seven thousand three hundred and,ancl forces, forty five pounds nineteen (hillings and one halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, and other fer- of which vices herein after more particularly expreffed $ that is to fay, any 61V3^5 7 s# fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred and twelve guard*?&c. thousand three hundred and fifteen pounds seven (hillings and fn Great Br|-eleven pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thousand tain, Gueriu f eight hundred and fifty seven effective men, including com-* ty an(i Jcr* puffion and non-commiflion officers, ami one thousand cightfcy* hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons and other his Majesty’s land forces in Gnat Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey, for the

fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one* end any ftim or fums of money not exceeding two hundred and#36,4*0!. it*, thirty fix thousand four hundred and twenty pounds eighteen 6	„

(hillings and fix pence halfpenny, for mainta ning his Majesty’s fna^°pian^' forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, tjon$, Minor? end for provifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfound- ca apd.Gi- . tandy Gibraltar and JProt idem, for the year one thousand seven braltak ifo,

Y01.XX.	U	bun,TaScofit>

igo	Anno viceGmo quarto GeqrGM II. c, 4j>

Newfound- hundred and fifty one; and any<fuai or, fums of mainy not .car* hand and ceeding sixty two thousand five hundred arid sixty fcvea ppqpds *wo filings and fix pence, upon account for out-penfiopcrs of 6 d. to out Gbelfea hospital, for the year one thousand fovea huq4re4«aod penfioners of fifty one; and any fum or fums of money not excceding sixty Chelfea hofpi- four thousand pounds, upon account of tne reduced officers of

64,0001.	to ^is Majesty’s land forces and marines for the year one thoufond the reduced ftven hundred and fifty one, fubjed to filch rules to be obfofTy officers i ed in the application of the said half-pay, as are hereafter peer fcribed concerning the fame; and any Aim or lams , of tnQQCj 1 tothenot ^^ding three thousand three hundred and tea pounds reduced offi- for paying of penfions to the widows of such reduced officers of cers widows, his Majesty’s land forces and marines as died upon,the eftahlilh-ment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day. of December one thouiand fcvea hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand (even, hundred and fifty one ; which said fum of three thousand three hundred and ten pounds shall be iflued to such person or pcrlhm aphis Majcfty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his Maje^^s n»l fign manual, direft and appoint to receive the fame, tabeby hnn or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to such eftabliihments, lifts or other ds-regions, and with and fubieft to fujeh conditions, qpaftficajfois and other allowances for the fame as his Majesty, by fiich and the like warrant or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleated toudi-fo7d! to the * re<^ aiM* appoint; and any fum or Turns of money not exceed* two troops of big four thousand seven hundred and forty seven pounds horfe guards, (hillings and ten pence, for defraying the charge

r*£imcnt to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops

Ql hOnC TC» nf tiArfa r*i*<****le «n/l nammant r\C Urirfo ca/4■	oml frt fit__

of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe reduced, and to-the fo-perannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and any fum or (ums of money not exceeding fixteen thouiand pounds, for the pay of the general and ftaff officers of his M^jefiy'x tend for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one } and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty thousand pQUodt* Bavaria^* to cna^^c h*8 Majesty to make good his engagements with ,tifa ana> eledfor of Bavaria, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fum$ of 4.7,9841.14 a. money not exceeding forty (even thousand nine hundred.apd 3d. towards eighty four pounds fourteen (hillings and three pence, for defraying the extraordinary cxpences of bis Majesty’s land forces and other services incurred in the year one thousand fovea hipp-dred a fid fifty, and not provided tor by parliament. s lf XVI. And it is hereby also ena&cd by the author*** 57,58a 1, 191. fio re ft id. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afore^ud, cbtrges of t^lere ^a^ arK* may ^	an^ applied any fuuv qe fvwas

traniporting,of money not exceeding fifty seven thousand five hundred.*} Sec. to Nova eighty two pounds nineteen (hillings and three pence halfpenny, ficouaaiium- y pon account, for defraying the charges incut red Uy transport* Suced officers t0 Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia and fuppoftia® %n$}gicn*	maintaining there a number of reduced officers and private mm

diftniffed his Majesty’s land and lea service, and o.ther lo» wU*

duced, Zee.

j 6tooo I. for general and naff officers 5

30,000 1. to

cxpences of the land forces in *7$ o.





t750 Anho vlcefiwvquarto Geqrgii II. c.47*	zgi

Jefty’s fubjefts, fettled in' the fard colony in the .year one thour	*4*.

land seven Hundred and forty nine, and-by fupporting, main-+^v^r ™P-tairiing and enlarging the Settlement of his Majesty’s said coJony Jyjj cofonylfor in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and not pro- the year /75a. vided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not JQ ooq1 tQm exceeding fifty three thousand nine hundred and twenty fevenward* the pounds fourteen Chilling! and four pence upon account, for fup- fettlements on porting and maintaining his Majesty’a colony of Nova Scotia forthe .coaft °f the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and any^V™*’

Ifim tor fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to- j fo_ iirards the support of the Britijh forts and fettlemeiits upon the wards mak-Coaft of Afrita, to be applied in such manner as his Majesty ing a road shall think proper; and any fum or fums of money not exceed- from Carliflet ing three thousand pounds towards laying out, making andto Nevfcai*lc«-keeping in repair, a road proper for the pafiage of troops and carrjagtr between the city of GartiJU and the town of Niwcajlle tepon Tjne.

XVII.	And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-j# faid, That out of all or any the aids or fuppiies provided as a- iis. 7d. to fbrefaid, there shall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or p**y off the ■fums of money not exceeding two millions two hundred arid ftventy’fix thousand eight hundred and ninety three pounds annuities? eleven (hidings and seven pence, to pay off and difeharge the unfubferibed Old arid Nm annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the South-Sea noufe, commonly callW Old and Neiv Scutb-Sea annuities, at the Rated times mentioned in one other act of this present fe£-fion of parliament in that behalf.

XVill. And it.is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, 1,013,14*1. That the sum of one million thirteen thousand one hundred4$. 6d. to be' *4nd forty eight pounds four (hillings and fix pence, to be 3d- advanced by vanced by the governor and company of the bank of England for ” ^kj. t° exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of the aft herein Snfubfcribed before-mentioned in that behalf, shall be iflued and applied to exchequer or-pay off and difeharge the several unfubferibed exchequer orders ders, and four payable there, out of the duties on wrought plate, and also the	an~

leveral unfubferibed annuities, after the rate of four pounds per nm ** centum per annum, transferrable at the bank of England, at the Rated times appointed by the aft herein before-mentioned in that behalf.

XIX. And rt is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- $ 6f j f faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there to make shall and may be iflbed and applied any fum or fums of money good the de-not exceeding fix thousand four hundred and sixty one pounds ficiency of the one (hilling and one penny, to replace to the finking fund the ftamP dut,e*r ^like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional Ramp duties at Cbriflmat one thousand seven bun-	>2,5341.«s.

*	'dred and forty nino; and any fiim or fums of money npt cx-	»	q.	to make

ceedmg twelve thoafend five- hundred and thirty four pounds	du

two (hillings and one halfpenny, to rqdace to toe said finking ics0n 1	fhnd tfie like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the defi-

* •”*	’	-	. 1 U a	cicncy

4,59»1. i6».

j d. to make good the additional duties on vines. 7,8801. 17's. l d. to make

ifyi	Anno	viccfinio	quarto OsoRGH {I. tkty.

j 5,0001- for cfctKy of the doty of twehrefhiljings tharrcion fwects or wiacm lal^duties tlK fnac^e ^rom Brici/b or foreign fruit or fogar at Michaelmas ope thousand seven hundred and fifty ;land any lum pr	or

v	money not exceeding thirty five thoufaad pounds, to replace to

the said finking fund the like fum paid out of the feme* tq^st^ fWer one year’s inter*# due at Aiicbaehrm one thousand (even hundred aftd fifty, after the rate of three pounds ten frffljbg* per1 return pci annum on the principal fum of one million. l^ot/qq credit of the Talt duties, which were continued farfixyow* from Lady‘day one thousand seven hundred and fifty, three* ,tpr> wards the supply for the year one thousand fcvai hundred aod forty five ; and any fbm or fums of money not 'exceeding fbue th6ufand five hundred and ninety two pounds fixteen fhUUogs good the duty and nine pence, to replace to the said finking fund the lite fuxp for rcuilUie	out r^e famc> make good the deficiency of the addin

fpirituous * tiotaal duties on wines at Midfummer one thousand seven iiup-liquors. dred and fifty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding 30,4111; 6s. .feven thousand eight hundred and eighty pounds feventcen (hii^ 3<^dttbTdu- ^ngs anc* onc PennY»to replace to the (aid finking fund the like nes on glafs” film paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty and fpintuous on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors at Lady-day ooe thou-* liquors at fand seven hundred and fifty; and any fum. or. fums ofmoocy Midfummer not exceeding thirty thoofand four hundred and tweoly rwa

Fiounds fix (hillings and three pence, to replace.to the4aid fink-ng fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good,the deficiency of the dbties on glafs and fpirituous liquors at. Afidr &C*	k00***’	fummer one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and any fam Of

c a	fums of money hot exceeding fevetity thousand and ninety/ejren

pounds fourteen (hillings and eight pence, to replace to the laid finking fund the like fums paid out of the fame, to maker good the deficiency of the rates and duties upon <houfcs, window* anfi tbcfubfidy'of h'ghts, at Michaelmas t>ne thousand seven hundred and.,fifty 1 poundage on and any dim or fums of money not exceeding forty two thou-goodsimport-Tihd five hundred and fifty nine pounds twelve (hillings and seven edatMicbael-^ence halfpenny, to replace totbe said finking fund the}ike fum s. fa*d out of the fame, to make good the deficiency at Michaefavk ii*d. 3 q. to* One thousand seven hundred and fifty* of the fubfidy of pbund-tnake good dge toponall goodfc and merchandizes imported into this kiogr the detiaency fince t|ie first day 0f	one	thoufand seven hundred

for i75^ant* ‘a&d forty feven; and any fum or films of money not exceeding sixty five thousand seven hundred and ninety fewen pounds ejgfyt fhiJHngs and eleven pence three farthings, to make good tfiCide1 ficiency of the grants for the  service of the year oqc feveh hundred and fifty.	,	.... i

The fiipplies	XX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefal^

onlyCaiPthis	the said aids'and fupplies provided as aforesaid, »ffiall fiQt

*d4irc&s. be lflued or applied to any ufe, intent or pnrpofe ^ch^foeyer, oth£r than the ufes and purposes before mentioned, or Tor tfte several deficiencies or other payments dire&ed to be btisfied thereout by any act or ads, or any particular claufe or claufca

175°.

70,097 1.14 «• 8 d. to make good tbe'du-

Mrcbaelma*

»75°-

4*> 559 •• »*» 7 d. 2 q. to make good



f75^*1 Anno vfccfimo quarto Gborgii II. c. 47. ip|

for that purpose contained in any other aft or afts of this pie*j	,

jfcnt feflion of parliament.	7

*UXXI.' And as to the said fum of sixty four thoui^nd pound? : ^

by this aft appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is Rujcj ^ ^

hereby emkfted and declared by the authority aforesaid, obferved in

the rules herein after preferibed shall be 4uly obferved in theup- the applica-

^licatiotl of the said half-pay ? that is to fay. That no perfort tion of the

(hall have or receive any part of the fame who was 2 minor, half-pay.

and imtfir the age of (ixteen years, at the time when the negi- 4	r

fnent, troop, or company in which he fcrved was reduced ; that

ho per*fon shall have or receive any part of the fame, except

fuch persons who did aftital  service in fome regiment, troop er	•	1

company; that no person having any other place or employ^	'

hient of profit civil or military under his Majesty, shall hay^Qf |.. 11	‘	*

receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaptein of .any

gamTon or regiment who has any eoclefiaftical benefice in Great	\

Britain of Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half-

pay 5 that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame*

who has refigned his commiftion and has Ivad no commiflion '

fined ; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any perfpn '

by virtue of any ^warrant or appointment, except to (ucn per^?f	1

forts who would have been otherwise intitled to the fame vp*

tiriced officers 5 and that no part of the lame (ball be allowed to

arty of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight

regiments of foot, lately difoanded in Ireland, except to fuefc

as wert lately taken off die eftabliftimenrof half-pay in Great

Britain.

XXII. And Whereasby anttfl of parliament made in the twenty G -tVitd 'jear of his Majestys reign, (intituled An act for granting to ** his Majesty the sum of niner hundred thou tend pounds out of	•

the finking fond for the  service of the year one thousand (even, hundred and fifty, and for applying certain fufplus mome*ite* mVirting in the exchequer, as part of the supply of the said yea^	‘	•

and for the application of certain favings in the hands of thp	']

pay-ntafter general; and for obviating a doubt in aaaft of the fifth year of King George the First, in refpeft to the payment of certain annuities thereby granted for the improvement < of fifhefies and manufactures in Scotland, and for the further ap*	,

prOpriating the fopplies granted this fe(Kon of parliament, and .	•	*

ter givingforther time for.the payment of duties omitted to. be paid for the indentures or contrafts of clerks and apprentices and for transferring the bounties now payable upon the expor*

^tioirbf Brftijb fail doth to the cuftoms, and for enforcing she laws against the clandeftine importation of foap, cSmdlpf ai>d •ftarcH into this kmgddm) fevttal fupplies which had been granted 'to hirMajefy, as is therein mentioned^ were appropriated to fivenal ufes and purpofa therein ixprejfed, amongjl which any fum or Jum of < money nit exceeding ftxtffrven thousand pounds, was appropriated to	'	*

be paid to the reduced officers of bit Afajefly'$\land forces and marvtfy ‘filbpft htvertheleft' U fotb- rules to he obferved in the application of t e fiid half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid afl were preferibed in (hat

’	V 3	■



*9+	Anno	vkefmwquarto'GEQKGftli. C. 4?.v-	[175*.	i

behalf *, now it is hereby provided, erittcftfcd »Ad declared by th«-pverplus of authority aforesaid, That fo much ofthefaM fbrri'of fifty fever*

67,0001.	ap- thotifancf pounds, as is or fhSll be more thirt fuffiefortt fofatif-the rcduced° fy ^ fa)d reduced Officers, according*to the rules prescribed by officers, to be the feid a& to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part' applied to such of such overplus, shall and may be difjpofed of to such officers objects of cha- who are maimed, or loft their limbs in the late wars, opfodt Maieit hffiall ot^ers as by reason of their long fervtce, or otherwise* his Mi-dirett/ jefty' shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to-the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or war*: wants, under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be figa* ed in that behalf; any thing in this skS, or the said former a&,n to the contrary hotwithftanding.

XXIII. And whereas several b\Uu commonly called exchequer bills* several tickets in the publick lott cries > Ond certificates made forth in, lieu thereof 1 and likewlfe several orders of loan, and orders for ano nuities of several denominations payable at the receipt of his Majcfty'xj exchequer, made forth by author tty of parliament, have been or may ' hereafter by tafualty or 'emfchance be loft, burnti or otberwije defray*, ed-, be it therefore ena<fted by the authority aforeiaidv That m> Duplicates to all cafes where it shall appear by affidavit to be tnade befoceanv be made forth 0f the barons of the exchequer for the time being, (who (haft cheque^bUls, interrogate the deponent thereupfon) to the (atisfa&ioo of fiid* lottery tickets, baron or barons, That any fudi exchequerbills* lottery tickets,, certificates, certificates, orders of loan or annuity Orders as aforesaid, have orders* of loan, been or shall hereafter be loft, burnt or deft royed,ocx hot Ahere dennasl(lialir' S00^ rcaf°n to believe that the fame have been lofty burst oc b« iolt, or deftrOyed, it shall and may be lawful for the rtfpelttveofficers ptherwife de- and persons appointed, to ifltie and -make forth such exchequer ftroyed. bills, tickets, certificates, orders of loan, or annuity orders, or to pay or difeharge the fame, or to iffiie any atonic* thereon* upon producing a certificate from any of the said barons of fiich affidavit made before him or them; (which affidavit the said ha-rons, or any of them, is and are hereby, required to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without fee or reward) and on fufficient fecurity given to tne heirs and fucceflors, to indemnify the said refpecfive officers and persons against all other persons whatsoever, for and concerning the monies fpecified in or due upon such refpcdtrve bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, they the said officers and persons refpe&ively shall and are hereby required to make forth duplicates of the said bills,* tickets, cerei-pcates and orders, at the requeft of the refpeftive owners or proprietors thereof, and to pay and difeharge'the fame, and all such interest as shall be due on any of them carrying intereft, as he or they (hould have paid or difenarged on the said original bills, tickets, certificates, orders of loan, or annuity orders, if the fame had been produced; and shall be allowed all foeh pajr ments in their refpe<ftive accounts.

£ommlflion- XXIV. And in all cafes where the figningof thecommifftcm^

cr* of the ers of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Bar-trsafuryto	,

 

175*-] AowricefonQ quartoQsorgiiII. c.48.	295

tain for the time befog* it neceflary for. making the said dupli- Jfon such du-cates, or-toy of them effe&ual, for the^u^pofes aforesaid; it P*IcatCf* is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fai^ commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury,or any three or ipore of them, or the said high treahirer for the tfoae being, to fign such duplicates accordingly.

-XXV. And* whereas it may Jo happen,thaf fev$rd of the said wind of leafy end other orders for annuities of feverpl denominations, payable at the said receipt of exchequer, may become defaced^ oblite-ratedor incumbered with many alignments \ndorfed thereupon, and it maybe net^fary that new ordersjbould be made fifth, in lieu thereof; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That New orders of it shall and may be lawfol fo and for the said commifliqners of loan, and for the treafury,or any‘three or more of them, or the high treafurr to i^made&C* er for the time being, and they are hereby also impowered to out in lieu of oaufotfelw orders to be made out ih lieu of uich refpeclive orders such as shall a*, shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered ^ filled sip a* aforesaid, which said ,refpedlive orders shall at the fame time ments" orde-be delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders made faced/ oqt in lieu thereof, shall be made payable and delivered to the person or persons who shall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors oI the (aid order or orders, fo to be delivered up and cancelled* at the time of foch delivery up as aforesaid* and the auditor* of the (aid receipt of exchequer shall always take care, that EnJJ7t0 ** fooh entries or memorandums be made upon the laid new or-dera, as may denote their being made in lieu of foch defaced, n obliterated, incumbered, or otherwise defective orders cancelled, and as may (court the puWick again# any double payments, for or byreafon of the making out or ifluing such new orders in manner aforesaid. ,	«

CAP. XLVIIL

An>*8 far the abbreviation of Michaelmas term*

/V^H£RE AS in the beginning of .the term of Saint Michael,

>TT, commonly called Michaelmas termy very little bufmefs can be donem account of the several holidays that are obferved by the high court s^f record of our fovereign lord the King, between the fir ft ddy pf tht faid. term and the fixth day of November following: therefore for the eafe and teneEi of his Majjefty’s fubjefts, may it plpafeyour mod excellent Majesty that it "may be enadled ; and the k^qnaded by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with ;thc advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal arid commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the aq-thorityiof the fame, That from and after the feaft day of saint After ,9 Sep.

•,Michael the. archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand fe- tember 175*, ven hundred and fifty two, there shall be in Michaelmas term four common four common days of return only (that is to lay) rhe first day of onf * to be^n!*

. return: thereof shall be and be called the. morrow 6f jU Souls; Michaelmsi Ihe fecund day of return of the fame term shall be and be called term j "

It 4 '	the

Anne vioefiamqeatta^GEOR^bU^	[1751.

rthaiporrow of Saint Martin 5 thedhijrd dajhof return of the fatoe term ibaH be and be celled In eight days of *80101 Martin ; and fourth day of return of the fame term Audi be and be called Jin fifteen day$.of Saint Martin*	t

the fame day^ JL' be ** fun be* enacted by the authority aforefeid*Thbt to be obferved the fame days of returns shall be Obferved and keptin all tilt in all	the	.high courts of recordof our fovereign lord the King;' his feei*

courts.	and fuoceflort, ihereafter to be holdtn at Wejiminjier^ * or other

-i ,	,	plage or places* at the alignment or appointment of bur fovc-

. %	. reign lord the King, hi&heirsand fucceflbrs ; and thatfronland

be frorn^i- ^ter feaft day ,pf Saint Michael the Archangel in the yearof xb^elmas day our Lord one tbopfcnd feyen hundred and fifty two, there tell in 3 weeks* not be par be cabled any days of return frotn the day of Saint oqt from that Michael in three weeks* nor from the day of Saint Michael m mohth * one month, nor either of them 3 and that the said term of Saint The term to Michael yearly for ever, from and after the said feaft^of Sate begin on the ,A£ebaelxhc Archangel one thousand seven hundred and fifty twd, morrow of All shall begin in and upon the said morrow of All Seals whensoever *°u“f	it shall happen to fall, • (except it be on the Lord's day, com-

monly. called Sunday} and then on the morrow* next after for the keeping of efloigns, prefers, returns, and other ceremonies heretofore ufed and kept, in like manner and term as hath been ufed to be done in the day of the retoui, commonly "baked 'From the day of Saint Michael ip three weeks; and that the fob term „	pf Saint Michael shall yearly for ever^f/om andafter Aieftid

fourth day af. feaft Qf 3ajnt j^fj{hael one thoufanddeven htmdred'aad hftyteb, thof/day^ in	aforefiaid courts of record, begin and* tikef itsl ^om-

ihali happen ^ mepcement upon the fourth day of thefoid morrow*>flrfAftAi/r, on a Spnday. (except it be on the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday) ted

then on the morrow next after./ i ........  >-*h	*^.u<vrtK>

Days of re- .-/• 1^- And? fpMb* more fpeedy proceeding in writs of* Dower tut ns of writs, 'tindfi nihil hahet* ,apd writs of envy for^ommon recoveries to be (ued and pjfofetuted by writs of entry or writs of right of ad-ypwfon, apd in all other real a&ioos; be it enabled byithoxp-ihority aforesaid, That .afterAthe feaft of Saint Michael theAtrcfi-1 angel one thousand (even hundred and fifty two comings ef any writ in any such adtion come in, and be returnableln his Ma-v	jefty's epurt of Cemmyu Picas* in the day of the return, df the

#	roorrpw of Ail Scute, then day shall be given in fifteen dayalof

Saint Martin y if on the morrow of SainrMartin, then in e^ht t days of Saint Hilary* if in eight days of Siiat'Mdrtm* thortn fifteen days of Saint Hilary 5 if in fifteen days of Saint Afarm* then on themorrow of The Purification! if in eight'dayfetofSaint Hilary, then. in, eight days of The Purification \ if in fifteen days of Saint Hilary, then in fifteen days of Eafter \ if on the mor-^	row of The Purification* then in three weeks from the day pf

.	Jyficr; if in eight days of The Purification, then in one month

r r- 1 p. 1 frppi the day ot Eaftery if in fifteen days of Eafter> then in ‘five * ’ w$ejc£ from the day of Eafter 3 if in three weeks from the day of *	*	t^ien dn the morrow of The Afcenften ofeur ljrd \ i£in

, one month from the day of Eafter* then on the morrow of the

and the full .term on the to

Digftized by 

Ann© vUefmWquarto G^oiron If. c. 4^	*97

HdyVriittty i ifin five Weeks from the day of Eajhr, then in eight days of the 'Hoiy 'Trinity; if on the morrow of TheMcen~

'Jan ofokr lard, then in fifteen days of The Holy Trinity; if o ft

the morrow of The Holy Trinity, then ifi three weeks from the

*ddy of The HoiyTrfniPf; Sf ineight days of The Holy Trihitu	»	•	i

jthen on the morrow of All Souls \ if in fifteen days of The Holy	*

**Trinity, then on the morrow of Saint Martin; if in three weeks ^ef Thru Holy Trinity* then in eight days of Saint Martin.

*	Wi Provided nevertheless, ‘and be it further enabled by the in writ*of authority aforesaid, That in all writs of Dower unde nihil habet, Power, &c. after iffiie joined, it Utah not be needful or requifite to have ?**cr above fifteen-days betwixt the tefte arid return of the Venice * fb^derit

i facias or any other proeefs to be fued out for the trial of the between the daid ifTud, but that the writ of Venire facias* and othfer prbcfcis, tefte and re-after MTue joined, until judgment be given, having only fifteen turn.°ftbe :days between the tefte and return thereof/ flfafl be good and cf-federal in law, as is ufed in perfonal atftiohs; any law, ftatute ^©r ufage, to the contrary heretofore notwithftariding. 1 ‘ if V. And it is hefoby'furthfer enaflfed by *th6 authority afore- writs,&c ha-foidy That from a^d>aft*t•, the said fcfeft of Saint Michael the ving day from ^•Archangel one thousand (been hundred and fifty two, all writs the fourth of .i»nd jgpccfc♦ hereafter w he tttadebHtof arty of his Majeft/s t!lCArrr0r roouftaat /if^^/^r,andhavmg dayfrom the fourth day of the tothe morrow rrmorrbw of The AfhenJhn*Xo the iriorrow'of The Holy Trinity * ofthe Holy ihallbegood andefftdUel in law*, not withftahding there be not Trinity to be ^fteen days bet^iheen the teftb and the return of the said writs. £°°d.

<fh VL'And be ft further^ ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Writs*1fcP# nm That ^lhwfies or prooefsfmade, or to be made returnable upon three week*pf Uthe followingretunrWi videlicet 5 ifi three ifreeks of Saint Michael, Saint Michael, or from the day of Saint Michael In one* month next following, or in one

*	or hWingdays between either of the said returns, (hall, by force T?ont.h

and virtue or this a<ft* have day unto the find morrow of All ■	•

'Souk) andthe parties to the laid writs and procefs shall then ap- to have day pear 'and plead and proceed thereupon to all intents and pur- unto the morJ tpofes, as if the said writs and procefs had been made returnable £>w °f All on tthe said morrow ofAlt Souls.	oou\%.

; VII. And be it further enaefted, That all common writs, vas Day* of re-.wcHperfonal as mixt, whith shall happen 'to be returnable inrumofeom-thefaid Miehatimasttvtn* shall have and keep the said returns mon writ*** <tof the morrow of ’ All Souls* the morrow of Saint Martin* inthc tcrm* eight days of Saint Martini and in fifteen days of Saint Martin,

©rattyof them.	.

*	! VHI. And whereas before the mating of this afl* all writs of

fstmmeni to warrant againf the vouchers upon common recoveries had,	,

'innards if entry and tier its of right of advowfon, were made for

*	five retuns inclnfroi\ now for the more fpeedy perfecting of such Writ* of fu*-/vecovery, be it enatfted by the authority aforesaid. That from moni

and after the laid feaft otou\ot Michael the Archangel one thou-4 'fend feVen hundred and fifty two, all and every such writs of turn8 < fummoni (©warrant upon the appearance of the tenant to cy£ry five, v.	.	foci

S.	1 r



«9?	Anno	vicefimtr quarto Gtokan H. c. 4S.	[1751*

Areh writ of entry and writ of right of adsrowfon, ihall and may be made and abridged to four returns indufive.

Courts to ap- IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enalted by the point fpecial authority aforesaid. That in foehand like cafes and procefs turns°where as'fpec‘ai dayshlvcr.bpen ufed to.be appointed and affigned and ufual.	given for the return of wrjts and procefs, it shall be lawful to

the juuices pf eyery the King’s laid courts of record for the time being, in all the procefs by them awarded, to aflign and appoint fpecial days of returns, as by them (lull be thought convenient, pays of aflize	X. Provided alfo, ahd be it eroded by the authority aforc&id,

in Darrein	That the daysof aflittein Darrein Presentmentand in- a plea of

•nd QuarOm.	guareimptdit limited and appointed by the ftatute of

peditTand the aod- alft> .the days fo be. given in attaint limited in the Statute days to be made in the fifthyear of the reign of King Edward the Third, given in at. and also in the ftatute made in tne three and twentieth year of jTecI c6 ’ {he reign of the late King H the Eighth, being not contrary »j H, I. c. 3. to the tenor of. this ad, shall be holden firm, and .fond aim their full force and effect. -	J f

XI. And whereas by divers (barters	granted,	te sheet-,

tizens of London, by hit	royal	Kings and.

Queens of England, it is dire fled that the-mayor of tin. said fatji, after he is	chofen, Jholl be	pr fwern before

Sfjten of England in their court of	at Westminster,

before the barons of the said court: .and whereas the after every annual eleflion of the said mayor, bath.beubUpaSyhePtv and obferved by the said city on the twenty ninth day. of except the fame foil on a Sunday,. then-en the day following f be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after The present- the said feaft of Saint Michaelwhich Jhall be in the year pf out; ini* he fwear" Lord one thouCapd (even-hundred and fifty twq, the (aid fojem* mayors of nity of presenting and fwearing the mayors of the city erf -Lear, London to be don, after everyannual eledfion into the said office. in thcmajv* on 9 Norem- Der form heretofore ufed on the twenty ninth day of Oflo-b*r* her, shall be kept and ohferved on the ninth day of November in every year, unless the fame shall fall on a	and	in that

tale on the day following; any rule pr order in any of the chapters of the said city, or the ufage or customs thereof -to. the con* traty notwithftaading.	....

** XII. And whereas by the abbreviation of Michaelmas term pur-fuantto this afl, the morrow	All Souls will not be in full term,

end thereby will prove inconvenient for the	of	ordaining	foe-

riffs purfuant to an afl of parliament made in the fourteenth year of 14 Ed. j. c. 7. the reign of King Edward the Third,	How long a fherifF

(hall continue in his office; be it therefore ena&ed by the au-aSfc* blf °f t tVnty aforesaid. That from and after the commencement of the Mcliequer th',s the fame officers and persons, who by virtue of the said for ordaining loft mentioned adt, or any other law or ftatute, ought to aflenibJe fceriffs to be at the exchequer yearly on the morrow of All Souls, for the or-•nthe mor- daining or nominating of fheriffs, (hall, not aflemble on that Martin.*m	but	inftead thereof shall aflemble yearly on the tporrow of

'	‘	Saim

i75<«} Ailqo viccfimoquarto GEoRon IL c.49.	tgj

Saint Martin at the exchequer, in the like manner, and for the fame intent and purpole.

CAP. XLIX.

Aft aft for allowing further time to the conmiffioners appoint-ed by find inpurfuance of an aft of the twenty third year of bis >prefent Majcjty's reign, intituled. An act for extending and improving the trade to Africa, to inquire into the claims of certain creditors of the royal African company therein mentioned, and for the relief of David Crichton •, and for refraining the said company from dif-pofing of such of their effefts as are therein mentioned•, and . . for faying all fuits for money due from or on the account of the said company, for the time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the s3Geo.ft*e.*r« twenty third year of the reign of his present Majefly (intituled, An act for extending and improving the trade to Africa) it was mailed. That the accomptant general of the high court of chancery for the time being, and filch two of the other maflers of the said court, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain for the time being, or Lord keeper of the great feat of Great Britain for the time bring, or the lords commiffioners for the great feal of Great Britain for the time being,Jbould from time to time nominate for that , purpofe, Jbould be, and they were thereby confituted and appointed tommiffioners for examining into the claims of the creditors of the said royal African company; and to inquire and fate how and when the fame were respectively incurred, in such manner as in and by the said aft is direfted, together with their opinion of the jufinefs and reafonablenefs of such debts refpeftively; and to lay the account of their proceedings before the parliament with all convenient [peed: and where-.	r

as the said commijftoners have laid an account of their proceedings before the parliament; but fevered claims of the company's officers and fervants abroad, for falaries due to them, or for goods fold and delivered for the said company's ufe, and which are hereafter more particularly mentioned, for want of proper vouchers from abroad, could not be examined into within the time preferibed for that purpose by the said aft; be it therefore enafted, 6v.

The powers granted to the comraiflioners by the recited ad to be in force, for dating the claims of the creditors herein named. Creditors to deliver in an account of their further demands, See. by i December 1751. Com-miflioners to finifli the examination of claims by is January, and to lay their proceedings before the parliament. African company not to dif-pofe of any military ftores, Scc. for one year. Suits depending against the company itayea for one year. Stay of execution of judgment given by David Crichton to William Stead enlarged for one year.

CAP.

 L-ooQle

joo

His Majcfty enabled to make leafes, a id copies, of offices, lands. See. parcel of bis dutchy of Cornwall,

Leafes to be made For a term of years or lives.

and not to be

dii'puniOiable , of wafte, and the ufual or a rcafunable reftF tdTW r*' I err 411;

lv-;%

' Anno viccfttiO quar ro^?E<Mtoir It/ d

, ’ . ■	' CAP. L. ......

An aS to enable bis Mtjefty to make leafes a*d capias of sfs ces> lands and hereditaments, parcel of bis dutch} #/6ora " wall, or annexed to the fame.	- > ^

W KEREAS fo’j mnjl excellent Majesty nowfariisfde&& the dutchy of Cornwall and the pojfejfom thereof \ * and whereas fom$ doubts may arise in relation to his Mdjefty's grzfntln-Itafes and moling copies of offices, lands and hereditaments, Parcel cf his said dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging \ for whereof, and for the eafe and quiet of the minds of. Tuch ; jpter'-; ions as have taken, or /hall hereafter take leafes from hfs £itf Aioft excellent Majesty; and to the end thatfuch persons fhay he fure to have good andSndefeizable eftates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several lands and tenements to them demifed or to be dernhed ; be it ena<5led by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflenlbled, and by tjie authority of the fame. That all leafes and grants made dr to be made by copy of court roll, according to the cuftom of the nj/pe<ftive manor or manors of the said dutchy, or theiruma annexed or belonging; and all leafes and grants to be made wifhin seven years next enfuing, by letters patents or indentures under the great.fealof Great Britain, orTeal of the court. of ei-diqquer, or by copy of court roll according to the cuftdaf of tjae refpe&ive manors, of any offices, mefluages, parks, fands, tenements, or hereditaments (other than honours, lordfhi^s, or manors) parcel of the pofleflions of the said dutchy of CorntoaH, or annexed to the fame, shall be good and effectual in law, according to the purport and contents of the fame copies* leafes and grants, against our fovereign lord the King, his hehrs* and fucceflors, and against all and every other person or persons that fhsdl at any time hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy the f^id dutchy t>y fore.? of any a<5t of parliament, or by other hmitaftidfr whatsoever. ’	.	'

, It Provided always, That every such leafe or grant fo mad# or to be made, be not for jnore than one, two or three nf or for one and thirty years, or under, orforfome ternn ofyear> determinable upon one, two or three lives, and not above ; and if Tuch leafes or grants be made in reverfion or e^cpecftaocy, that tflert' the- fame, together with the estates in poffeflion, do^Qot exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years, and bfi not ih.any wife made* difpqniftiable of ,wafte; and fb ,as upoja every ftjcb leafe or grant be, or shall be referved thp ^pien^or ipoft ufual rent, or more, or such rent as hath been yielded or paid for the fame manors, lands or heredUaraeots^ tor the greater part of twenty ypars next before the raakinj? of the find leafes j and where no such rent hath been fpferved <j£ payable, that then upon every such ieafe there be, felerved a reasonable rent, rjot being under the twentieth part

of

 Goode

*75l0 Annp videftno/jiuttto GfORan II.	$ai

of the dear yearly value of the manors, mefluages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements or hereditaments contained in such Jeafe or grant; and all kafea and grants otherwise made or to bemade^ lhall be null and void*

III.	And be it further ordained and enaftcd by the authority Refcrvafioniir ^forefaid. That all covenants, conditions, jefervationsand othor *hc lwIc#* *5* agreements contained in every leafe, grant or copy of court/(jp ccme good* made, or to be made as aforelaid, shall be good and effeftuai an law, according to the words and contents of the fame, as well ^>rand again# them to whom the reverfions of the fame land's^* tenements and hereditaments shall come, asfor and against them to vyhpm the intere# of the (aid leafes, grants or copies (halt com? refpeftively, as if our fovereign lord the King’s maiefty, at the time of making such covenants, conditions and referya-t tions, and other agreements, were feized of in ablolute eftatij ip fee fimple in the lame lands, tenements or hereditaments.

JV. Saving always. To all and every pcrtbn and persons, bbr*Rights of dies politick and corporate, their heirs and (ucdeflors, executors! other perfom adminiftrators and affigns (other than to bur said fovereign lorcrfavcd. the King, and his heirs and fuccedhrs, ajjd the duke ana duke$* of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs, and allj and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit or enjoy the said dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any a<5t of parliament or other limitation whatsoever) all such rights, tl- ,* ties,* eftates, cuftoms, intcrefts, tenures, claims and demands	'

’whatfoever, of what nature, kind br quality whatlbever, of, irt^ to, pr out of the said offices, lands, tenements or heredita*	*

ments, or any of them, as they or any of them had, or ought to have had* before the making of this aft, to all intents *rid? purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this aft had.never been.had or made ; this aft or any thing herfciti’ contained to the contrary not.withftanding'. 4	’	1

CA.P. LI.	'	‘

An aff for encouraging the making of foil afhes andpearl ajhei in the British plantations in America.

WHEREAS the making of pott ajkes and pearl ajhei iff the British plantations in America would be advantageous to the trade of this nation, as great quantities thereof are ufed in the making ' of foap^ and other manujafiures of this kingdom, Whuh at presentbo~ tag chiefly furnijbed from foreign partly the fitppiy of that  necessary commodity is uncertain, and the price ofieil exorbitant • may Vt therefore pleife your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s mo# excellent .majefty, by and with -	*

advice and Confent of the lords fpirituat and temporal and com-monsin this present parliament aflembted, and by the authority V of the fame, Thai from and after the twenty - ninth day of Sep* tembery one thoufend seven hundred and fifty one, the feveralNo4*tk* to .and retpeftive fubfidies, cuftoms, impofitions, rates ^nd dutids ^Paid®®| npw payable on pott afhes or pearl alhes made In and imported °* ^7

frortt



joa Anno Yicefiroo quarto GsoRon II. c. 51.*

^et imported from his Majesty's colonies in America into any part ti£raplantat7- Britain, shall ceafc, determine and be no longer pfcid, ont/ ’	^	II. Provided always, and be h further errifted by the autho- j

Conditions to rity aforesaid. That a due entry shall be made of all pott afhes ’ be observed in and pearl a(hes which shall be made in, and imported from the tkm'o?p^" colonies into Great Britain, at the cuftom-houfe, at the time and peansUh. °f tbc importation thereof, in the fame manner and form (fates.	prefling the package, marks and numbers, together with the

quantities of the relpedthre goods) as was ufed and praftifed be-* fore the making of this aft $ and the fame shall be landed in the prefence of, and examined by the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpofe; and shall be imported in (hips or veflels that may lawfully trade to his Majesty’s plantations, manned as by law is required $ and on failure of the said conditions or direftions herein before-mentioned, such pott allies and pearl afhes shall be liable to the payment of the refpec* tive duties, as if this aft had never been made.

Perfoo load- XU. Provided always, and be It further enacted by the autho-,ngParties in	s^efaid, That *n order to mtitlethe importer and impor-

America, to ters of pott alhes, or pearl a(hes to the benefit of this aft, every makeoath be- merchant or other person or persons ‘whatfoever who (hall, after fore the col- the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred ttw fame^re anc* on*s load any pott afhes or pearl alhes on board any ©f^hemanu. (hip or veffel in any of the British colonies or plantations in Am*-fafture of the rica, (hall, before the clearing out of the said (hip or veftfei from Britilh colo- thence, make proof on oath before the colleftor and comptroller nics, &c. Qf the cuftoms, and naval officer, at the port or place wheta such pott afhes or pearl alhes shall be put on board, or any two of them, that the pott alhes or pearl alhes which, he, (he, or	1

they hath or have (hipped on board the said (hip or veflel, is bona fide of the produft and manufaftare of fome or one of the Briti/h colonies or plantations in America, exprefling the exaft quantity of such pott alhes or pearl alhes, and the parilh or place in such plantation where the fame was made, and by whom (which oath the said colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby reauired and anithemafter empowered to adminifter without fee or reward) and the tnafter. to bring acer- commander, or other person taking charge of the (hip or veflfc* tificate from on board which such pott alhes or pearl alhes shall be loaded, ^xpreffinsr the a^° brinS w’tb a certificate or certificates from fufn marks and * colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, dr number of any two of them as aforesaid, under their hands and feals of package*. See. office (which certificate or certificates such colleftor and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, are hereby required and 'direfted to grant, without fee or rewar'd) exprefling the txufrks ^and number of calks or packages, also the weight and talc of , ^the pott alhes and pearl alhes contained therein, and fo (hipped . r ., Or loaded on board such jh’ip or veffd, with the name or naittts ^	place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters thereof,

.. V	from tbe fa,d Bril'ifl)colonies or plantations in America, and the

papac or names, place or places Qf abodp df such other petfbn ''	"	-	or

[*7 yt.

of Great



1,751•]	Anno v)^BW>(quvtoC!^ojiGii II. c. 5r.	jgg

or perfpns who shall have fyorn the goods therein mentioned to have been the product and manufacture of the laid British colonies or plantations in America \ which certificate or certificates	.

the said matter, commander or other person taking charge of dcHver athia* such (hip or veffel (hall, on his arrival in this kingdom, deliver arrival to thd tp the collector, comptroller or other chief officer of his M^ef- colieftor, and ty’s customs at the port where he fhafi arrive at, or before the ^ke oath to entry, of the said pott afhes or pearl afhes ; and at the fame time rhalf make oath before ffie laid collector, comptroller or chief .	1

officer of his Majesty’s customs (who are hereby required and empowered to adminifter the fame, without fee or reward) that the faidcafks, and parcels and goods, contained in such certificate are the lame calks, and parcels and goods, as were taken on board such (hip or veflel in the (aid British colonies or planr tations in America and if any pott afhes or pearl afh^ of the product and manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, (hall, after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, be imported as here* in before-mentioned, without such certificate ngned and delivered as herein before required, and oath made as before directed, by the matter, commander or other perfbp taking charge of tho fliip or veffel, in which the fame is imported, all such poi afhes on failure £nd pearl afhes shall be liable to the payment of the respective thereof thedor duties, as if this aCt had never been made ; any thing herein tieatabepaid. jhefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of ma-^Thatif any person or persons fhalf, from and after the said a? *ntr?

, twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ^ad^goods fifty one, make, or caufe to be made, an entry or entries of apy under the de-foreign pott afhes or pearl afhes, under the name or defeription nomination of of pott alhes or pearl afhes of the product or manufacture of ^ any of the British polonies or plantations in America, or shall or*of*nfixing jjnix, or caufe to be mixed, any foreign pott afhes or pearl afhes the fame* with pott afhes or pearl afhes of the product Sr manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, with intent tp ^vade the duties payable on foreign pott afhes, apd pearl afhes, every person or perlons fb making, or caufing to be made, such entry or entries, or mixture, or caufing such mixture or mixtures	*

to be made, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and all such foreign pott afhes and pearl ^(hes \ and in cafe of any mixture, the quantity fo mixed, both of foreign and British plantation produCt and manufacture, or *the value thereof, together with the calks or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be ieized and profecutcd, or the value thereof be fued for by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cqftoms.

ft V. And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Penalty on , collector or comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, shall certifi* falfly make any such certificate as herein ^before required or directed to be made, all and every such person fo offending fhall,

' ipr every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim o( two hundred

,V ..............	‘	‘	**	. ’ pounds

9

catnj

2<H

and on falfe oath j

or counterfeiting certificate.

Forfeitures, how to be profecuted.

and applied.

Pnus proban-di to lie on the owner.

Limitation of a&toni.

Deneral iflue.

'Anno vioeftmo quarto Geoltcm M.a $£ f 175*.

pounds, and also forfeit and lofe his ofBc*,***4 be iacapabhi flf ferving his Majesty, his heirs and fucbefibrs, in anyutisot or tnl of profit; or if any merchant, fe&or, tntdtr,m*Aar dm mander of any (hip of vcflel, or any ocher ptsibo- dr pw fais, shall falfly make any oath required by this aft, every such offender shall incur the punishment inflifted by the lavra of th*» realm for wilful and corrupt perjury; and iF any peffbn HfiA knowingly counterfeit any such certificate as herein trefore'Srii-refted to be made, or publifh the fame, knowing h toise cMn-forfeit, every such person fo offending shall mcur^he pttmflrnrnt inflifted by the hriirs of this seahn for forgery.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That the several penalties and forfeitures by this lit (lifted, shall and may be profecuted, determined and re^ovmf by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeft/s courts w record at IVeJlminJler, or in the court of exchequer m ScetkziS) or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty’s plarititiOpg in America refpeftively; wherein no effoin, protection^ wiagtf of law, of mofe than one imparlance, shall be allowed. ’ " ^

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority

That all penalties and forfeitures by this aft lmpofcd^ fhiff. if in Great Britain, bt applied, one moiety to the xrfe of b'ii TW5'-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety toTtichpef^ fon or persons as shall feize, profechte or fue for the all such penalties and forfeitures as shall be itrearred ifttnsM*£ jefty's plantations ih America, shall be applied, one fterS pttt thereof to the ufe df his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors^ xidi third part to the ufe of the governor of the plantation where tW forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining third part fo such person or persons who shall feize, profecute, or fue for the lame.

/ VlII. Provided always. That if any doubt or difputo fttff arife, whether the (aid pott a(hes, or pearl afhes, or any pifit thereof, fo to be imported as aforesaid, is of the product'and manufacture of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America} or of foreign produft or manufacture, the Onus ProbetnirtotiSl lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the infbrmdror profecutor; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary nottvfttiJ (landing.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefajd.1 That if any aftion or fuit shall be commenced against any pdrv fon dr persons for any thing done in purfuanceot this aft, evert such aftion or fuit shall be commenced within fix months nm :after the faft committed; and the defendant or defendantvin any such aftion or fuit, may plead the general ffliiei andf gw this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any triad tofw had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purlhance m b.y the authority of this aft ; and if it shall appear' fetohlv* jbpen done, the jury shall find for the defendant orVdfte&l xlants ; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or tyi a.ftioa* after the defendant or d?fqpdaou ih^‘bave,Jd^

4	*	* - * pcarfcd;

*75 jJ	Anno vicefiwo quartoGiomsu IL c..$2.

pond i or if jitdgmtiiF&aU be given upemany verdict orde*'

wmtnr agaaoft the plaijittfF, the defendant or defendants (bail

smd may recovertrebkcofts, and have the like remedy for the Treble coft*

fiflac as dcfendams have in other cafes by law*

CAP. LII.	1

r4n aft for continuing several laws therein mentioned,\ relate ^ ing to the Premiums upon the importation of mafts> yards* ~r*ndbw>fprits\ tahy pitch and turpentine; to British made : fail chib, and the duties payable on foreign fail cloth ; and to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gun*

' powder.	\

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, are found tile very ufeful and beneficial to the publick, and are fo near ex-piringy that it is fit they flwuld now be continued > be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with, the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefeat parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,, That fo much of an ad made in ,tbe fecond year %	^

qf the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Aq.afl for thf 35.f0r encounter preservation of his Majesty's woods in America, and for the raging tbe encouragement of the importation of naval fiores from thence * and to import it ion of encourage the importation of mafis, yards and bowfpritj, from that Ameri-part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums cz> upon majlsy yards and bowJprits9 tar9 pitch and turpentine y which was maiie to be in force from the twenty ninth day, of September one thousand (even hundred and twenty nine, for the fpac$ of thirteen years, and to the end of the then next feflion of par-?

.Uatnent j and which by another ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, was further continued until c°ndnued by the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred *| co* * •and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion further conti; of parliament, Ihali be, and the fame is hereby further continued nued «nto *jr from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof* unto December the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament.

II.	Provided, That no bountydhall be paid on any tar, uo- No bounty on lefs each barrel thereof shall contain thirty one gallons and afi unkft . * fralf, and that the officers who furvey such barrel, (hallno't Ipr- each barrel, ycy the fame, till the water shall be all drawn off, and every ^Hom and barrel filled up with tar.	/	an halt, See.

IJL And be it further enacted by the authority afotefaid, 9 Qt0t 1#c# Xhat an adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his present 37* forencqgj Majesty, intituled, An alt for the further encouraging atm regu- ra£inK ™ fating the manufacture of British fail cloth^ arid for the more eJfiCth-al securing the duties now payable on foreign fad doth imported info doth, &c. this kingdom, which was to be in force from the twenty fourth * day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, fot tire space of five tears, and ip the end of the then next feflion of . . VqjL, XX. ■ ’ '	X	parity



50$	Anno	vtee&na quarto	K*	5.5f.	[ V£5 *	■

continued by parliament; and which by another made in tbe thirtjfantb 11 Geo, ». c. y#af of the reign of his present Majesty, was further powtuwed * '	until the twenty fifth day of Dtctir&tr one theutand binhm'

dred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fati fion of parliament, shall he and the feme is hereby further continued from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, further conti- unto the twenty fifth day of Dtcembtr, one thouand (even han-nued unto 15 dred and fifty (even, and from thence to the end of thethea next Dcc.i757. session of parliament.	*	*

4 Geo. 2. c. IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefa*d,

29.	for an aU That an act made in the fourth year of the reign of bis j►Defeat lowance on Majesty, (intituled. An act for granting an allowance upon the ex-Brihfligun”0 Portat*on °f British made gunpowder) which was to continue ia powder, force for five years from the twenty fourth day of June ome thousand seven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which by ano-

i^Geo. 1. c! ^er a(^ ma<*e *n tiic tent*1 Xear pc*SFl °f hi* present Ma-27. and 16 # jctlyy was further continoed for seven years, and from thence to Geo. 2. c. 26. the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and which by another a& made in the fixteenth year of the reign of fib present Majesty, was further continued until the. twenty fourth day of further conti- "June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to June T q4.* t*le eiK* °f |he then next session of parliament, (hafl be, and J * v,757‘ the fame is hereby further contimiedfrotn the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufadferc* hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then , next session of parliament.

CAP. LIII.

An ail to regulate and reftrain paper bills of credit intis Majesty*$ colonies or plantations ^ Rhode llland and Providence plantations, Connecticut, the Maflaehulets Jfay, and New Hampfhire in America •, and to prevent. the fame being legal tenders in payments of money.

0 Arm. c. 30. 117’ H E R E A S the ait of parliament made in the Jixtb year of VV her late majesty Queen Arine, intituled, An a<5t for afeer-taining the rate of foreign coins in her Majesty’s plantations in America, hath been entirely fruflratei in his Majesty's said cabmes A Rhode llland and Providence plantations, Conne&icut, tie Mai&chufets Bay, and New Hampfhire in America, by their creating and ijfutngy from time to time, great quantities oj paper bills of credity by virtue of aits of affembly, orders, refohaim or votes, made or pajjed by their refpeitive ajftmblies, and making legal the tender offucb bills of credit in payment for debts, dues and demands] Which bills of credit have, for many years pafty been depreciating ip their value, by means whereof all debts of late years have been paid and fatisfied with a much UJ's value than was contracted for, wbhi' hath been a great difiourogemnt and prejudice to the trade and commerce of his Majesty's fubjeitsy by cxcafioning ccnfujion in dealings, and IcJjcning of credit in thofeparts; therefore, for the more effee*

tual



i75r»] Anrte vkefimd'quarto Geohoii II. c,'5^»	307

turf preventing and remedying of the ftid inconveniencies, may

itptefcfc your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted i

and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritaal and temporal

aftd commons in this prefont parliament auembled, and by the

authority of the fame, That front and after the twenty ninth day

of'September one thoufend seven hundred and fifty one, it (hall

not be lawful for the governor, council or aflembly for the time a<

being, or any of them, or for the lieutenant governor, or per- p^^biJls^f

fon prdiding or ailing as governor or commander in chief, for credit.

the time being, within all or any of the aforesaid colonies or

plantations of Rhode Ifland, and Providence plantations, Comitc-

tieut, the Maffachufett Bay, and New Hampjhire, to make or

pafs, or give his or their afftnt to the making or palling of any

all, order, refolution, or vote, within any of the said colonies

or plantations, whereby any paper bills or bills of credit, of

any kind1 or denomination whatsoever, shall be created or iffiied

under any pretence whatsoever; or whereby the time limited, or for pro-

or the pfovttion made for the calling in, finking or difeharging tracing the

of such paper bills, or bills of credit, as are already fobfi fling	fortfhch

Und parting in payment, within any of the said colonies or plan- ca11,n£,n uc »

rations, shall be pcotralled or poftponed ; or whereby any of of for dcprc,

them shall be depreciated in value, or whereby the feme (nail dating or tel

be ordered or allowed to be re-iflued, or to obtain a new and ilfuingthe

farther currency; and that all such all*, orders, refolutionsor ramc*

votes, which lhall or may be pafled or made, after the faid

twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and

fifty one, within all or any of the said colonies or plantations,

fhall be, and are hereby declired to be null and void, and of no

force or efielt whatsoever.

II.	And be it further enaltcd by the authority aforesaid, That Bills of credit all such paper bills, or bills of credit, a9 are now fubfifting, and nowfubfitting, paffing in payment^, within any of the said Colonies or planta- to he called in, tions of Rhode IJland, and Providence plantations, Connecticut,

Alajfacbufets Bay and New Hampjhirt, shall be duly and punctually called in, funk and difcharged, according to the tenor of	,

and within the periods limited by the refpe&ive alls, orders,

votes or refolutions, for creating and iiTuing, or continuing the* fame refpcltively, unless where the fame have been altered by any subsequent alt or alls of aflembly; and in that cafe, that the lame be discharged according to the tenor mentioned in the said all or alts of affembly; and that no such paper bills, or bills of credit, (hall, from and after such periods fo limited, as aforesaid, be any longer current in all or any of the said colonies or iplantations rcfpeltivcly.

III.	Provided neverthdefs, That nothing in this alt contain- may pals ed shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain any gover- foriffuing billr nor or governors, council or aflembly, within any of the said ot credit tor colonies or plantations, from making* or parting any alt or alts^he current of aflembly in any of the said colonies or plantations, for th^^ar^0/th*

X a	createy ’

jot	Anno	vicefimo quarto GEOROwJI.C.gj. [1751,

creating and iffuing of such paper bills, or bills of credit, in lie M of, and for securing such reafonable fum or fums of Qaoneyr as. shall be requifite for the current fervjce of the year* (0,03; b*y, such or ads of aflembly, whereby such paper bHlsr or tails of credit, shall be created or iffued, fufticient provifipn be ua^dc to fecure the calling in, difeharging and finking of the, Camcb within a (hort reafonable time, not exceeding the fpaoe of years, to be computed from the dates of the .refpcdivc whereby such paper bills, or bills of credit, were cheated iffued; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftanding.	.	.

and for extra- IV* Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (full^x ordinary e- tend, or be conftrued to extend to reftrain any governor or go-mergencies, in vernors, council or affembly, within any of the said colonies## waror plantations, from making or pafling any ad or ads of adepatafr inv on’ in any of the said colonies or plantations, for.cre^tiqg and ifluing such paper bills, or bills of credit, in lieu of and for.feoti? ring such reafonable fum or fums of money as (hall, at; any time hereafter, beneceffarv or expedient upon hidden and extraordinary emergencies of government, in cafe pf warorinyaflon,

* fo as in every such ad or ads of aflemtyy for the emifiion of paper bills, or bills of credit, fo iffued as aforesaid, due care be taken to afeertain the real value of all such prinripaJ.flwn or dims for which the fame shall be fo made, created an4<tifccd as aforesaid, and also the interest to bepaidthereon; and foas qaqs fee likewise taken, in the said ad or ads, to eftabiifti and v?9r vjd« an ample andfuflicient fund for the calliog ia, difchffgmg and finking, within as (hort and reafonable a time asqiay be, not exceeding five yearsat the fartheft, all the (aid bill^, pyacr tual payment of all and every the fum and fums of nryonc|vfor which the fame shall , be fo made, created and iffued as afore-faid, with tbeintereft due thereon.	,	.

V.	And whereas (here are now fubfifling and pafling, in payment, within the said colonies and plantations, divers kinds of paper biJh, or bills of credit, of various denominations, which have been hereto* fore created and iffued within the said colonies and plantations » or feint of them, on loans and.otberwife, whereby private perftns and (hep ejlates fland liable to, and bound for the difeharge of the jfapf iy them borrowed and received on such loans > without the payment of which fums (in cafe any difficulty or obftruftion Jhould arise in doe payment thereof) such paper bills^ or bills.of credit fo iffued on such loans, cannot be called in, difcharged. and Junk, according to the tenor of the rrfpeflive afis> orders, votes or reflations, by yirtup whereof the fame have been fo refpeflively iffued: for the providing* cepac-dy for such inconveniencies, be it further enaded by theaufbo-BilU of credit r*ty aforesaid, That all such paper bills, or bills of credit, of what on loans, to kind or denomination foever, which have at any time hereto-be called in. (ore been created and iffued on such loans, within any of the said colonies and plantations, be duly called in, and di(charged and funk, according to the tenor of the refpediye adB^orders, votes or refolutions, for creating and ifluing, or continuing the

fame

 L,ooQle

Anoo^vicfefimo quarto GeorSii II. £. 54*k *	3°5t

fame refpe&ively, in like manner as all other paper bills or bills ofcredit, already fiibfifting withinthe fold colonies or plantations, are Herein before required ttrbe called in, discharged and funk.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^rrw aTl persons who have borrowed and taken up any fum or fums ^ m0ney°ort of thoney on loans, for the difcharge whereof they and their re- loans,&ccom-(pdftive elates (land bound, shall be required and compelled, by* pell able tod if-dl due ahd'legal means, to Satisfy and difcharge the fums by^liai^ethe tftem borrowed, according to the terms of Such loans refpec- me* tivelyV and the true intent and meaning thereof, except as fe herein before excepted; and in cafe any deficiency or lofs (h&H‘ happen by ft dune of the Security fo taken on such loans refpdc- -tively, that t{ie feme, and every part thereof, lhall be Supplied and made good by an adequate tax or impofition, to be equally and rateably afleffed, levied and raised within the said colonies or plantations refpeftively, where such lofs or deficiency shall fohappen.

: VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No PaPer cu*’-from ahd after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, no paper currency, or bills of credit,	tender. "

of ahy kind or denomination, which may be made, created or iffued in any of the said colonies or plantations, purfuant to the ptoVHions herein before made in this a<ft, shall be a legal tender ift payment of any private bargains, cofitra£b, debts, dues or demands whatsoever, within the said colonies or plantations, op ahy of them.

VIII,	Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, of be confirmed to extend to make any of the bills now fubfift-irig in any 6f the said colonies a legal tender.

Ilf. Add be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Penaltyon_go* if any governor or commander in chief for the time being, hi all or any of his Majesty’s said colonies or plantations, whether any con, oommiffioned bv his Majesty, or ele&ed by the people, (hall, trary to this from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thou^ fend Seven hundred and fifty one, give his aflent to any aft of affembly; order, refolution or vote, for the emiflion or ifluing of arty paper bills, or bills of credit, of any kind or denomination whatsoever; o^ for prolonging the time limited for calling in and finking any such paper bills, or biffs of erfedit, as are now Yubfifting and parting in payment; or for re ifiuing or depreciating the feme, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft; such atft, order, refolution or vote. Shall be ipfo fofto hull and void, and fucfr governor or commander in chief shall be immediately difmiffed from his government, and for'ever*after rendered incapable of any publick office or place of truft.

•	CAP.	LIV.	‘

An act for explaining, continuing and enforcing Several law* thrift

mentioned, more etteftoally fo prevent the Spreading of the dittefapfer

lyhich now rages amonglt the horned cattle in this kingdom. ; n M

X3	CAP,

 C^ooQle

jio	Anno yicefimo quarto Georgh lire. 5$.

CAP. LV.

An act for amending and making more effedual a clastfi in M I ad faffed in the lafi feffton of parliament, for the apprt- 1 bending of persons in any county or place upon warrants granted by juflices of the peace of any other county or place.	■

*^Gco.i.c.ft6.\X7HEREAS by a ciavfe in an ad made in the twenty third f* 11.	V V year of his present Majefiy’s reign; it is amongfi other things

therein evaded, That from ana after the twenty fourth day ofjtmc one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in cafe any person againfi whom a legal warrant Jhall be iffued by any jufitce or juflices of the peacey for any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place within this kingdom, Jhall efeape or go into any other county, riding, dtvijion, city, liberty, town or place out of the jurifdidion of the jufiice or jvf~

/ tices granting such warrant as aforejaid, it Jhall and may be lawful for any jufitce of the peace of the ebunty, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town or place to which Juch person Jhall have gone or efcaped, to indorfe such warrant, upon application made to him for that purpofi, and to laufe the person againfi whom the fame Jhall have been ijfucd, to be apprehended and font to the jufiice or jttfiices who granted fitch Warranty or to fome other jufitce or jttfiices of the county, riding, it-v\ft on, city, liberty, town or place from whence such person Jhall haVa gone or efcaped, to the end that he or Jbe may be dealt with according to law: and whereas such offender or offenders may refidt Or be no fame other county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town or place out if the jurifdiflion of the jujlice or juflitts granting such warrant pi forefaid, before the granting such warrant, and without efidptug hr going out of the county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town or place •	after such warrant granted; be it therefore enacted by the King's

mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana content of . *	the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this pretent

Perfon being parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Tktt out of the ju- from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufimtlTeven rifdidhon of hundred fifty one, in cafe any perfon, againfi whom a wkrirant whVrhaUgrant be ^ue<^ *>y any jufiice or juflices of the peate of any a warrant, county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place within this kingdom, shall efeape, go into, refide or be in any other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place out of the jurrfdic-tion of the jufticp or juflices granting such warrant as atbrefaod, it shall and may be lawful for any jufiice orjuftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or platre Where the juftice such person shall efeape, go into, refide or be, and such juftice Where such or juftices i$ and ate hereby required, upon proof being made ^to^ndorfe uPon oath, of the hand writing of the juftice orjuftices grant^ the warrant ing such warrant, to indorfe his or their name or names on such warrant, which shall be a fufficient authority to the perTon or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, to execute fiach wfctYant in Each other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place out /	of



751.♦] Anno-vkefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 5#.	311

of the jurifdi&ion of the juftice or juftices granting such warrant as aforesaid, and to apprehend and carry such offender or 9flfenders before the juftice who indorfed such warrant, or feme other juftice or juftices of such other county, riding, divifion, and the offen-cfty, liberty*, town or place where such warrant was indorfed, der to be ap." i«i ‘ cafe the offence for which such offender shall be fo appre- pretended hemtad in such other county, riding, divilion, city, liberty, and brought town or place as aforesaid, shall be bailable in law, and such offender shall be willing and ready to give bail for his appear- warrant was ance at the next affizes or general gaol delivery, or next geqetpl indorfed, quarter-feflions of the peace, to be held in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place where the offence was committed, such juftice or juftices of such other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place before whom such offender or offenders shall be brought, shall and may take bail of such offender or offenders, for his or their appearance at the next affizes or general gaol delivery, or at the next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place where such offence and to deliver was committed, in the fame manner as the juftices of the peace the recogni-of the proper county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or z*nce> &c. to place fhould or might have done in such proper county, riding, tbcconftabl*» divifion, city, liberty, town or place; and the juftice or juftices tobedelivered of such other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or over to the <place fo taking bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the recognizance, clerk of altogether with the examination or confeffion of such offender or or^Tpeac^. offenders, and all other proceedings relating thereto, to the con-	c	*

liable, tythingman or other person or persons fo apprehending .fuch offender or offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive the fame, and to deliver over such recognizance, examination and other proceedings to the clerk of aflizes, or clerk of the peace of the county, riding* divifion, city, liberty, town Penalty on 4 or place where such offender or offenders is or are required to conftable not appear by virtue of such recognizance ; and such recognizance, 0JJ^cnns examination or confeffion shall be as good and effectual in law, to.all intents and purposes, and of the fame force and validity as if the fame had been entered into, taken or acknowledged before a juftice or juftices of the peace in and for the proper county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place where the offence was committed, and the fame proceedings shall be had thereon ; and in cafe such conftible, tythingman or other person to whom such recognizance, examination, confeffion or other . proceedings shall be fo delivered as aforesaid, shall refufe or neglect to deliver over the fame to the clerk of affizes, or clerk of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or (

. place where such offender is required to appear by virtue of such : .recognizance, such conftable, tythingman or other person (hal!>h * forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered against him by ^ > bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts at Ifcflminjcry by any person or perfohs who will profecute or fue benotbaU^ ,fpr the fame* wherein no efloin, protection or wager pf lawabjCj&Ct

X 4	,	fhall



the conftable to carry the offender before feme juf-tice v

oftbtice wat committed,

|kfc	Ajirib	vicefimo	qtiam	GROft^ii	Il. c.

OWH beallowedvtir more than one imparlance; andta cafe the ^flSeilce for which such offender or offenders shall be apprehend* C<£and tt*ken in any other county, riding, divifion, city* liberty town or place shall not be*bailable in law, or such offender ok Offenders shall not give bail for his appearance at the nextaffiee^ Or general gaol delivery, or next general quarter-fe&ons place, to be held in and for the county, riding, divHkxv«te^

__________liberty,	town	or	place where the offence was committed; totne

^ic« where the fatisfcftion of the juftice before whom ftich offender or-oflfcndeiB shall be brought in such other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, then and in that cafe the conftable, tyth~ ringtnan or other perfort or person s fo apprehend mg luch offender •or offenders, (halt cany and convey such offender or offenders ^befbre one of his Majesty’s juftices*of peace of the proper coon-'tyf riding, divifiorr, city, liberty,-town or place where foch offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law. Juftice indorf- If* And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That mg the fear- no a&ton of trtfpafe, falfe imprifonment,information or *ndi&-rai>r l,ahl®tnent,* or other a£tlpA*(hall be brought, fued, commenced or to acnon.	by	any pferfon or persons whatsoever/ against the

"juftice^r juftiCes who (half indorfe such warrant, fororby-rea-Ibh'bf* his or ttid* mdorfing such warrant.	•, -

Aft ion may	Provided ^severthetefs, That such person oripersonsQndl

Jie against the- be W lfatrty^<£ bring or profecutehis or their adtioiror ftiha-juftice °ngi- .^iwft'ihejufticoOr^fticeswho originally granted such warrant, the warront? ' »the^ftvn^Wann*f as fach person or persons might hhve dp&e 4*1 £afe'this a<5t ^had^not been made.

Claufe.jGeo/ IVv 'A^ W is ■heiPeby further «nad«d. That thefaidclaufe c. *«. f. i i.tothtr&td'^edtota!^ and every thing in the said daufe con-

after ihefaid twenty fourth day aifftme l*Wp«ddd.' v>- >, r-l ■■ . ■

jrpaO far afeertoimxg. tbe^admemfurenunt of wheat ,tr other corn or graft-ground, for which a bounty is Payable

' upon exportation', n'ftSJir making allowances to the Eaft-Iridia company for their	expenses	in

paying and transferring their reduced annuities, " TX7HERJ5 A S by an ail of parliament made and faffed in /he V V firjl year of the reign of bis late, moje/ly King Wiliam the ■ Tf)ir.d of glorious memory, {intituled, .An aft. for the encouraging the exportation of corn) i is amongft other things enaiied, Skat when malt or barley* Win$hefter,	be	at four and

twenty /hillings iftr, quarter orunder*rye at two and thirty/hillings •per quarter or under* and wheat at eight	per	quar-

ter or under, in, any port or ports in this kingdom or dominion of •Wales, every merchant or other person who put on hip-board **Englifh	/h'pping, the mafter andtiuo thirds of Ins

ibetng his Majesty's fabjeils,any fort of the corn aforefauL, from any 'fab/arts where tit rates /hall not then be higher than, as.ffsre/euf, it o;	'	with

3

repealed.

i W. 3. ft C. 13.

 ^ ooQle

Aano vied5mo^rtf> Gborqii II. c. tfe.	111

witlhtbe intint to export tbrfaid com to parti beyond the fcos, tvttty such merchant or perfim fo flapping off any of the aforesaid cent) and getting fuel? certificate and bond as in the /aid aft is mentioned) JhofL lave and receive from such farmers, commiffiouers, collegers or othe-perfims in any port rejpt&ivelys where the fame corn /ball be fo Jbipr . pel* for every quarter of barley or malt, ground or unground\ two /hillings and fix pence; for every quarter of ry*i ground or unground\	v	*

ibresjhilhngs and fix pence; for every quartet of wheats ground or 4tngmixd,fivt /hillings: and whereas by one other alt of parliament/ madesin the, fecondyear of bis prtfent Majesty's reign, (intituled,- An *Gep. %, c.sS» aft to afeertain the cuftom payable for corn and grain imported; for better ascertaining the price and quantify of corp and grain for which a bounty is payable upon exportation j for appropri-aatog the Supplies granted in this foffion of parliament; and for giving funber time to clerks and apprentices to. pay duties omitted to, be paid for tbeir indentures and contrafts) it is amongft ) othir things enabled, That the officers of the customs Jhould be im-powered to admeafure all font and grain whereon there is an allow-yenca payable for the exportation thereof, and for greater expedition i therein,,that such admeasurement jhould ana might be by a tub or	'

mea/ure, containing four Wincheftcr bu/bels; and that if such tom or grain intended to be exported, jhould be brought to be /hipped off \in jacks, that then the/aid officers are thereby impoweredand requi-red to make choice of two of tbofe jacks, out of any number not ex* f feeding twenty jacks, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity,

^before the, fame /hall be put an board for exportation, and thereby compute the quantity of corn fo intended to be/hipped for exportation, and according to such computation, the allowance or bounty-money jhould be paid to the exporter, for the whole quantity propertienably, upqn his producing a certificate from the proper officer or officers: of the cuftoms, attefting the quantity and quality of the corn or grain fo jhipt for exportation, with a provifo that nothing therein jhould extend to alter the then practice, with refpeft to the manner of /hipping ytorm from the port a/'London : and whereas the method above pre-fcrJhcdfpr the mea/uring of com to be exported$ does notparticular by Cjfertain, bow wheat meaLorr other ground corner grain, whereon )here is a bounty, Jball be meafured for exportation: and whereas * fome doubts have arifen in fiveral of the ports of this kingdom, with regard to the exportation of com ground and unground, as to the man-"4tier of computation and admeafurement on the exportation thereojk ind the bounty to be allowed thereon; and in order to reconcile ail tlif-putes and differences that may arise in relation thereto, and to make the practice uniform in the several ports of this kingdom,

» we yo\ir Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjc&s the commons ofGreat Britain in parliament affembted, do moft humbly ^be-- feech your Majesty that it may be cradled, and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fptritual and temporal and commons in this ’ present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the first day of Augufi one thousand seven The fame , hundred and fifty one, * the proper officers of his Majestys cuf- bounty to be

toms allowed on the

 t^ooQle

314	Anno	vicrflmo	quarto	GsorqM!	II..	c.	[1751,

exportation ef toms (hall, and they are hereby directed and impowered to al-»*4lb. of ]ow the fame bounty and no more, upon the exportation of two w ea mea, hundred and twenty four pounds weight of wheat Meal, or other ground corn or grain whereon there is a bounty, as Is allowed upon the exportation of (bur bufhels of whoat or other corn or grain unground, and fo in proportion for any gqeatcror lefler quantity * and for greater expedition therein, in cafe foch wheat meal or other ground com or grain shall be brought to be flupc weigh 1 facks Qg jn facjCS) tbc proper officers may make choice of and weigh compute°the tWo ^ac^8 0(11 of any number not exceeding twenty facks; and fo in proportion for any greater quantity of wheat meal, or other ground com or grain, before or after the feme shall be put on board for exportation, and thereby compute the weight of the wheat meal, or ether ground corn or grain fo fhipt or intended to be (hipt for exportation, by proportioning the fame accord-Bounty to be Ingly; and the bounty-money upon such wheat meal, or other ground corn or grain, shall be paid to the exporter for fo mpch and no more, upon his producing a certificate from the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, attefting the true quantity, quality and weight thereof, according to the feid Computation only, and not otherwise; any law, cuftodl or ufege to the contrary notwithstanding.	<

II.	And be it further enaifted by the authorityaforefs|d,^That makeaUowan- the commiffionets of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or mqre India com pa- them how	or the high treafurer, or any three or. 1

ny, for their* of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being,, t „ charges in and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to make fqf making and allowances to the united company of merchants of tbe?r reduced *n8 to the Eajl-Indies, as they mall think juft and reafonatw annuities. for the charges and expences attending the receiving, paying, transferring and tranfadling the affairs of the several annuities, amountingto the principal Turn of tbfee millions, created ihjpuf-foance of an act of the laft session of parliament, (intituled, An •3Geo.t.c.ss. ail fir giving further time	the proprietirs of annuities, after the

rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to fulferibe the fame n the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned;	redeeming

Jkcb of tho [aid annuities as /hall not he fo	and for	impneery

ing the Eaft-India company to raife certain	-

unities)which Paid allowances fo to be made to the said united company, shall be charged upon and paid out of the said duties and revenues as are appropriated for the payment of the annuities aforesaid.

and other ground corn, as on four bufhels of wheat, &c.

Officer may

weight.

paid the exporter.

Treafury to

CAP. LVJI.

An act to continue several lavas therein	•,	ferhrje-

venting theft and rapine on the northern borders of England v for the mere effedual punijhing wicked and am-dtfpofed persons going armed in dijguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of bis fubjeds, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to

-jujiici i



1751.}	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii II. c. 57. 3	r$

juftice \ for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or fea bank ; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds \ for the more effeftual punijbment of persons malicioujly Jetting on Jire any mine* pit or delft) of coal, or cannel coal \ and of persons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in for efts or cbaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forefts, chaces or parks; for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce or manufacture of any of his Majesty's  sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies direElly into foreign parts, in Jbips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law \ for preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval . stores from the Britilh colonies in America; and for preventing frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals in the city and liberty of Westminster; and to make fame further provifions in relation to the Jigning of certificates for the difcbarge vf bankrupts.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned, which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring ; may it therefore pleaie your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and	1

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and content'of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an adt made in the thirteenth and HCar.ty fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (inti- c. »t. for pre-tuled, An act for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern venting theft borders of England) which by several afrs hath from time to time been continued, and by an adt made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (for making perpetual several 6Geo* x.c.37. adts, and for other purposes therein mentioned), was further Continued until the first day of September one thousand fevea hundred and forty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also several claufes, powers and authorities in the afore-mentioned adt made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effedtual preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England* and which by the said adt were to continue in force until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and which said adt, together with the said several claufes, powers and authorities were, by an adt made in the feventeenth f7Gco.*.C4o. year of his present Majesty’s reign, further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next tefiion of parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof,’ until the first day pf September one thou-

fand	^	*

1757*

Aiuitrvicefitao^quBrtaGEaiteii.lfi^c. ^7;'	[i7$r>

f?nd seven handed and fifty-feven, andfrdm thence te fhe efid of the then next session of parliament. ■

9Geori,c:«* II: And be it further eaaded by the authority afrirefaid, That tor pumibing 3^ ^ made in the ninth year or the reign or his late mbjefty fndSuU^&c. £ing Georg* thp Firft (intituled, An aftfm> the more fjfiftual pH-nijbing wicked and evil-dijptfed persons going erf mid m difgttife, and' doing injuries and violences to the perforis and properties of 4ns Jtfb~ jiffs fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders tojtif* tsce) which was to continue in force from the first d&y'of one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, for thrfee years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parlia~ uGeo.i.c.30. mcnt; and wjiich bv an act made in the twelfth year of the teign of his said late Majesty, was continued from the expiration thereof, for fire years, and from thence to the end of ftife' 6 Gco.s. c.37 |hen next session of parliament; and Which by a Claufe in afco-ther.atf made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Ma-\ f	jefty (for malting perpetual several acts, and for other purpofes

therein mentioned) was further continued until the first day>f , , , September one thousand seven hundred arid thirty fix, and from . thence to che end of the then next feflion of parliament; and ioGeo.z^x.31. jrtiich by another a<5t made in the tenth year of the rfeigft rif his present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof uni il the first day of September one thousand feven^hinri dredandforty four, and from thence to the end of the ttifert v7Geo.2.^.46.nckt session of parliament; and which by another ad made fat the feventcenth year of his present Majeftv’s reign, wafs further continued until the twenty fourth day of *fune one thousand veti hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the .	.	then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is bere1-

nued toTsept. **y further continued from the expiration thereof, until the'firft ,757.	day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty fevdri*

hnd from thence to the fend of the then next session of pat*-ham erlt.

Claufe in III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid; That 6 Geo. 2. c.37. acJaiifein an ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his prfe£ the cuttingCnt 'Majesty (for making perpetual several ads, and for Ofhfef the banks of purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the cutting or breaking rivets, &c. down the bank of any river or fea bank, which was to continue in force during the continuance of an ad made in the nirifli , yfear of the reign of his said late Majesty ; and which by another ad made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majestyi was further continued during the continuance of the afore-nifen^ tioned ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his (akl late Majesty; and which by another ad made in the feventcenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, was further continued utftil the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred arid 1 1	*	fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then neXt feffiofi

furtherconti* ,o£ parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further coritU temberY $***" nUcdfrom the expiration thereof until the first day of September 1	757‘	one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from thoitffe

to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.	-	;

IV. And



*75f0 Anno vicefimoiquartd GbqrCii IL o'. 57^	$17

IV.	And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r| r .

That a claufe in an ad made in the fixth year of the lieign of Gco.V.c. 37. his present Majesty (for making perpetual leveral ads* and for r 6 topfewrtt other purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cut* the maHriout' ting of hop-binds growing on poles in any plantation of hops* u ^^ruf which was to continue in force during the continuance of an ad 1 9* made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty; and which.by another ad made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during-the continuance of the afore-mentioned ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty; arid which by another ad made iftthe feventeenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, was further con* tinued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the thon nextfeflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby furu f , thqr continued from the expiration thereof until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from tember 1757. thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid* ciaufc in xo That a claufe in an ad made in the tenth year of the reign df Geo. a. c. his present Majesty, far extending (during the continuance of f- 4- &<;• for the laid ad mad© in the ninth year of the reign of his said date	^

Majesty) all the provifions in the laft-mentioned ad contained* KITnging offer the more fpeedy and eafy bringing the offenders against the fenders to ju-faid ad, to juftice, and the persons who shall conceal, aid, abctftice, &t. pr Succour such offenders ; and for making fatisfadion and d* mends to all and every the person and persons, their executors and tdminiftrators, for the damages they shall have (attained or fuffered by any offender or offenders against the said ad; arid for,the encouragement of persons to apprehend and fecure fueh offender and offenders ; and for the better and more impartiii trial of any indadmem or information, which, shall hr fohnd commenced or profecuted for any of the offences committed against the said ad, together with all reftridtons, limitations and mitigations by the said ad direded, to* ail cafes of offences pommkted by unlawfully and malicioufly breaking down tor curling, down. the bank or banks of any river* or any* fea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged ; or by unlawfully and malicioufly cutting any’hop-binds growing'on poles in any plantation of hops ; or by wilfully and malicioufly fetting on fire, or taufmg to be fet on .fire, any mine* pit, or delph of coal, or cannd coal; and which by an ad made m the Seventeenth year of his nrefent Majesty’s reign, was further Continued until the twenty fourth day of Juneone thousand fo-V©n hundred and fifty one* and frcjni thehce tonhe end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hevk-by further continued from the expiration thereof until the dirft further coim-day ofSeptember, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feveto, and from thence to the end of the then next fettion* of parliament.	•	/	♦	■	M	•

« VI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

>	-	That



318	Anno	vicefimo	quarto Ge«R«I1	[xy§t;

Ciaufetimo That several claufea in an *61 made in U* truth*	the

Geo. a. c. jt. reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual puruilmacat •for puDjfhing of pcrions maliciouAy fetting oa fire any mine. ptf>ar4elpJi of me malicious coa]^ or cannel coal, or unlawfully hMating or taking soy rod any'minu, or fallow deer in forefts or chaces, or beaUBg or woundtag the &c.	’	keepers,	or other officers* in forefts, chaces or parks* which

were to continue in force during theoootinuance of saafimih in the ninth year of the reign of his f*id late Majesty; snd-which by an a 61made in the feventeenth year of hi* pitlmt Mi-jelly’s reign, were further continued uatil the twenty fourth-day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and horn thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, fibril farther conti- ^ and the fame are hereby further continued from the espiaa-umber°i7 P\t‘on thereof until the first day of Stptombtr one thou&od finnr■ hundred and fifty feven* and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, is Geo. s. c. VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforbstd,.

30.	for liberty That an a61 made in the twelfth year of the reign of hia prefbat tbcanry fuears Majesty* (intituled. An ad granting a liberty to tarry fitgws btt wloniMto °f tht growth^produce tr manufaQurt	bisMqofr'tJmgnr.

foreign part*, colonies in America, from the /aid colonies dire&ty to foreign ports* See.	in /tips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to low)

which was to continue in force fetf five years, from the tytgty ninth day of September one thousand (even hundred aaf} thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feftqn 1 Geo 2 c 40 Par^menti and which by another ad nude in the Ibycotecoth-7	• • ycar q£ thc reiga 6£ kis present Majesty, was further cqpuoucA.

until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feveft hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further further conti- continued from the expiration thereof until the first day of Sep-te'ber*1 SCp~ tmber one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from m	1757’	thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliaments

5 Geo.i.c. 30, VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid,. to prevent the That an ad made in the fifth year ot the reign of his present committing of Majesty, (intituled. An act to prevent the committing of frauds, by fraud* by bankrupts) which was to continue in force for three years, from ™ rup 8# the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion 9Geo. s.c.18. of parliament; and which by an ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty three, and from thence to the end of the then next. i6Gco.a. c.17.	°f	parliament	j and which by another ad made in tfiu

*f	nxteenth	year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further

continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thcui~ further conti- fend seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the nued to i Sep- then next felfion of parliament, shall be, and the fame j$ tember 1757. hereby furtbc continued from the expiration thereof until th$ first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty fe-

ten,

6

iy$ i.]	Aonavlccfimo quarto Gbokgii II. o. 57.'	3

ven, and from thence 'to the end of the then next session of pariismtntt	-

IX.	And Utkinas man) abufis have btite committed by bankrupts*

and poffiniwho, with their privity, have attempted to prove fi&i-tims and pretended dibit under arnmijfions of bankruptty, in order (bat fitch porfims might bo enabled to fign their eonfint to the certificates for djfibarging fitch bankrupt from their debts: for remedy vtborcofytnd in older to prevent the like fraudulent and wicked Ptrfoos fwear* praAices for the future, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, ing to a fi&U* That where any persons shall fraudulently fwear or depofe, or	f tuudu

being of the people called Quakers affirm, before the major part iupt,*

of the oommiffionera named in any oommiffion of bankruptcy, *

or by affidavit or affirmation exhibited to them, that a fom of

money is due to him or her from any bankrupt or bankrupts,

which shall in feAnot be really and truly fo due or owing; and andfigningtbe

(hall, inrefpeAof such fiAitious and pretended debt, fign his or her certificate*

cdnfcnt to the certificate for such bankrupt’s difcharge from his unjefs the

debts; that in every such cafe, unlefe such bankrupt (hall, he- bankrupt dull

fore fetch time as the major part of the (aid commiffioners shall difclofe the

have figned fueh certificate, by writing by him to be (ignedand fraud,

delivered to one or more of the (aid commiffioners, or to one

or more of the affignoes of his tftate and effedh under fuch

commiffioners, difclofe the (aid fraud, and objeA to the reality

of such debt, fach certificate shall be null and void to all intents the cate

and purposes, and such bankrupt shall not in that cafe be intitled t0 be null,&c.

to be discharged from his debts, or to have or receive any of the

benefits or allowances given or allowed to bankrupts by the fald

aA of the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign; any thing

therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-

ftanding.

X.	And it is hereby enaAed, That where any creditor or Letter of at-creditors of any bankrupt refide in foreign parts, the letter of Editor in^b-attorney of such creditor, attefted by a notary publick in the rcjgIJ parts> to ufual form, shall be a fufficient evidence of tpe power and au- autbonzeiign-thority bv which anry person thereby authorised fliall fign any ing certificate, bankrupts certificate ; any thing in the (hid aAof the fifth ytar

of his present Majesty’s reign to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, Partof g Gco. That fo much of an aA made in the eighth year of the reign of, ac# I1# for his late majesty King George the First (intituled, An a ft for giv- encouraging ing further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores, and the import*-for other purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the importation'Sows to, of wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, 9 therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s Bri~

tijh plantations or colonies in America, free from all cuftomsand impofitions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty one, years from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven nuhdred and twenty two; and which by an aA made in the fixteertth year of the reign of his present Majesty was further ifiGco.i.c.tfi, continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand

feven



further continued to x September x 757.

i9Geo.*.c.|5. to prevent frauds in the admeafure-ment of coals in Weftmin-ftcr, &c.

*3Geo.i.c.»6.

further continued to x Sep. tember 1757.

Anno vicefitno quarto GeorgiiII. 0.58^59. t.

fcven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffipn of parliament, shall be* and the famf\ is her*t?y further continued from the expiration thereof until mfe of September one thousand seven hundred and	and

from thence to the end of the* then next fetfion of parliament.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority hfbt&aid. That an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled. An act more ejfeftually to prevent Mb* frauds and abu/es committed in the admeafurement of coals wuhijekt city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of carter adjoining thereunto, and the several parijbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parifb of Saint Andrew, Holbom, as lies in the county of Middkfex) which mm to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of September one thousand (even hundred and forty fix, for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellioa of parliament; and which by another a& made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fcf-fion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion or parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for making, widening and keeping in repair fevexal roads in the foveral pariflies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George’s Sottfcwark, and Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey; and Lewifliam iff tbe-coun-ty of Kent. Certain tolls granted for 31 years,

CAP. LIX.

An act for the enlarging of the terms and powers, and making nxore cf-fcftual several afts of parliament for repairing and amending (he bM-ways leading from Rojfton in the county of Hertford to l^ansford Bridge in the county ot Huntingdon, fo far as relates to the ameiniing of that part of the road as lies between a place called die Whit^pott on Alconbury Hill in the county of Huntingdon, and Wansford Hedge in the fame county, called the North Divifion; and that the tolk taken at Saltree and Waniford toll gates may, from and after a oerciSn time be lowered; and for repairing the road leading from Stilton iivahe said county of Huntingdon to Peterborough in the county of Northampton. 7he afts 9 Ann. and 13 Geo. 1. c. 3s. in part continued fir to jebrs/ 1

Jm



i*'< 1

s

V: >

gu ■

K *

\

•*75*.] Anrio tkefimrqiatnto G*grghII. c.

-O !	,	•	•	•	■	mv-jl

Wan?&gni	G&QRGllU.

Britannia Francis & Hiberniee^vka*

\ fimo quinto.	'	x 'f

, v^'

"	-	"	.	*	i

' A‘T tbefarHamnt hegltn and boldest a/ Weftminftef, the Jk\. tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, twenty' firfi year of the reign of our fovereign ford.Gobfgp .) the	Second,by the grace of God, of Great Britain, Franc?,

and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the fourteenth day of Novembef, 1751. being the fifth feffisnof this terit, parliament.	'

-■■	CAP.	I.

A a aft for continuing and granting to hi* Majesty certain duties upon ! malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the lbrvice-of the year onedtoaland seven hundred and fifty two. EXP.

1',-.	cap.	n.

An act for punilhing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment ' of the army and their	quarter*. EXP.

,H	.....	CAP.	III.

Aawftdor granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed fn ‘. '.Great Britain, within the space of one year from the twenty fifth day of March one thouliuid fcven hundred and fifty twq. E X P. 3 *. is the pound.	'

CAP. IV.

An act for appointing the deputy or fecoridary of the chief clerk to	inrol pleas in the King’s	Bench, called. The- ma-

i. fter of the Kin ft Bench office, one of the regifiers or rriafiers for the enrolment of deeds, wills, and other con--veyances, in the county of Middlesex, in the place and ’ ftead of such chief clerk.

\\f H E RE AS	by an ail ofparliament made in the

■ YV 0f the reign of ber late mqjefij	Anne,	A«m

An act for the publick regiftering of deeds, conveyances and wills, and other incumbrances which shall be made of or that . may affeft any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within the county of Middlesexafter the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine) it is, among other	thingsenailcd. That one publick office for regijlering •

memorials.of ana concerning any honours, manors, lands, tenements ami hereditaments, that are fetuate, lying and being within the said Veolenty, Jball be	erefied and ejlablijhed in manner therein mentioned j

that is to fay. That for the better and more effeftual putting in exe-Y01. XX.	Y	cution



m

T*' yJt

c

7 'H < jvnt



i. c. to.

g22	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	GeoROII IL C. 4* t1

the several matters and things in tie fend aft contained, the /worn clerk to execute the office of enrolment in the high court' of Chancery* who is appointed to inrol for the county of MidtUefer* the chief clerk to inrol pleas in the Queen’s Bench, the ttfrk erf the warrants in the court of Common Pleas, and the Queers terndhr^ brancer, or his deputy, in the court of Exchequer, /ball be the regi-fiers or mafters of the office for the matters and things in the said a& contained: and whereas the inrolUng of pleas, ftgmng of juagtnentf^ and divers other bufmefs tranfafted in bis Majesty's court of Bench, is under the infpeftion and management of the said thief clerk's deputy, or fecondary, called, The matter of the Kixgfs Bench office, who might properly have executed the said place or office of one of such regijlers or mailers for the purposes mentioned in the find aft, injiead of the said chief clerk, had there been authority gram, to such chief clerk's deputy to execute the said place or office of one of the said regifteri or majlers, as is by the Jaid recited aft given to fhe Queen's (now King's) remembrancer's deputy in the court of Exchequer j be it therefore enaded by the King’s most excellent pfia-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fphririial and temporal and commons in this present parliament aftttnb^cfi The deputy of and by the authority of the fame. That from and afterlife the chief clerk twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and appointed a fifty onc> tfic deputy or fecondary of the chief clerk to inrol pleas in the King's Bench for the tune being, called, The.maftrr of the King’s Bench office, shall be, and is hereby conftmttcA-and appointed one of the regifters or matters of the office for the matters and things contained in the before recited in thfe room, place and ftead of the said chief clerk, to inrpl picas in the King's Bench, with the like powers and authorities tp all, intents and purposes as by the said recited ad is thereby grifcn to such chief clerk; and the chief clerk to inrol pleas in the King's Bench shall be,* and is, by virtue of this ad, discharged 1 from being one of the regifters or matters for inrolling such deeds* | wills, and other conveyances for the said county of Middlesexns are mentioned in the be fore-recited ad, and of and from any' difobility or incapacity which such chief clerk, as one of the (aid regifters, would have been fubjed or liable to by virtue thereof De	II. And be it enaded by the authority aforefatd* That fuck

taketlie oath deputy, or fecondary, called. The mafter of the King’s Bench

regift cr.

Chief clerk discharged from being a regilter.

of office.

and to enter into recognisance, See.

office, (hall, before he enters upon the execution of the Cud office of one of such regifters or matters, take the oath mentioned and preferibed to be taken by every such regifter or matter in and by the afore-recited ad; and shall also enter into such r& cognizance in such sum of money, and with fufficient furetiev to be approved of in such manner and form as therein mention* ed and fet forth; and shall be liable to such and the like penalties and forfeitures for any milbehaviour or negled of duty in the execution of the said office of one of such regifters or ma* fiers, as any of the other regifters or matters are liable and fob-jed to.by virtue of the before-recited ad.	*	'	y

iH. And be it further enaded by the authority afort&id,

Tha|

*75*»3 . 4*»» vfceftn&quintd Georgii II.	0.5,6.333

^Fifiat tj\is ;»&, -*nd every claufe, matter and thing herein con-tain^d, Oiqll be-taken and allowed, in all courts within thi$ Pu“*ck. ait. jwBrfpflH as a publick a&; and all judges, juftices, and other persons therein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice thereof, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. V.

An act to continue and make more effe&aal an aft patted in the fecond ye*ir pt the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing the highway* between Sheppard’s Shord and Horfley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent. The aft % Geo. %. t. is. continuedfir »i years.	,

CAP. VI.

An act for maiding and putting an end to certain doubts and quejlionsrelating to the attefiation of wills and codicils concerning real estates in that part of Great Britain called England, and in bis Majeftfs colonies and plantations in » America.

WHEREAS by an oft made in the twenty ninth year of tk* ig car.». c. u reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled* f. s*

An act for prevention of frauds and perjuries; it is amongft other things enaCled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of Tune in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred and feventy /even dll devifes and hequefts of any lands or tenements devifeable, either by force of the ftatute of wilis% or by that ftatute, or by force of the cufiom of Kent, or the cuftom of any borough, or any other particular atfhm* /hall be in writing, and figned by the party fo deviftng the fame, or by foine other person in dis prefence, and by bis exprefs direction ; and Jhall be attefted and fubfcribed in the prefence of the fatd devijor, by three or jour credible witneffes, or elfe they Jhall be tttterly vrid and of none effeft^ which hath been found to be a wife and good provifm: but whereas doubts have arifen who are to be deemed legal witnejfes within the intent of the /aid aft ; therefore, for avoiding the fame, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirktsal and temporal and commons In this present parliament aftTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any per- Devifee, Jrc# fen shall atteft the execution of any will or codicil which shall be made after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our £u| ^^mit-Lord one thonfand seven hundred and fifty two, to whom any ted to orove beneficial devife, legacy, eftate, Intereft, gift or appointment the will, of or afffedbng any real or perfonal eftate, other than and except charges on lands, tenements or hereditament* for payment of any^debt or debts, shall be thereby given or made, such devife, legacy, eftate, intereft, gift or appointment, (hall, fo far only as concerns fbch person attefting the execution of such will or codicil, or any person claiming under hitn,. be utterly null and void’* tfis&facti person shall be admitted as a wltnefs to the execution pf fuph will or cpdifcil, within the intent of the said a& ; rt irWtc ,*	Y	2	.	MU

1





Creditor attesting, ad-

Anno vicefimo qulnto GeoKQU II. C. 6.	[xy52.

notwithftanding such devife, legacy, eftate, Intere^ jpft or ap« pointment mentioned in such will or codicil.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefsdd. That in cafe, by any will or codicil already made or hereafter to mitted a wit- be made* any lands, tenements or hereditaprents are or ft^ll be nef$,	charged	with any debt or debts; and any creditor whofe debt is

fo charged, hath attefted or fliair atteft the executidn of luck will or codicil, every such creditor, notwithstanding such charge^ shall be admitted as a witness to the execution of fucht will* or codicil, within the intent of the (aid aft.	'	\	1	/	~	_

Legatee who III. And be it further enacted by the authbrity aforefi&f, haS/^c?in That if any perfoti' hath attefted the execution of any yiift "or his le2acre^ad C0^C1* alrea(ty made, or shall atteft the execution of any wM or mitted a wit-" codicil which (hal) be made on or before the said twenty fbunh ne&	:	day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

and fifty two, to whom any legacy or bequeft is or shall be thereby given, whether charged upon lands, tenements or hereditaments, or not; and (uch perfon, before he shall give hrs tefti-mony concerning the execution of any such will or codicil* lhatf have been paid, or have accepted or releafed, or shall have re^ fufed to accept such legacy or bequeft, upon tender made thehp-of; such person shall be admitted as a witnefc to the execution of such will or codicil, within the intent of the said aft, nor-withftanding such legacy or bequeft. ^

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tbat in qifir After refufal, qf such tender and refufal as aforesaid, such person (haH iivtitf

fVomthHega- w^e	t0	legacy	or	beqheft, but (hairbe former.

Cy. but after afterwards barred therefrom; and in cafe of such acceptance as acceptance, he aforesaid, such person shall retain to his own ufe the legacy or may retain the beqUeft which shall have been To paid, fatisfied or accepted, win void thC notwithstanding such will or codicil shall afterwards be adjtldg-1	1 ’ ed or determined to>fbe void for want of due execution, or for

any other caufe or defeft whatsoever.

Legatee atteft. V. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any such legatee as ing, and dying aforesaid, who hath attefted the execution of any will or dodicil in the life-time already made, or shall atteft the execution of any will or codicil or beforew^ch shall be made on or before the said twenty fourth cfeybf ha* received Junt in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and orrefufedhis fifty two, shall have died in the life-time of the teftator, or . legacy, admit- before he shall have received or releafed the legacy or bequef^ fo ted a witnef*. g*lvca t0 him as aforesaid, and before he shall naverefufed to#* ceive such legacy or bequeft, on tender made thereof, such legatee shall be deemed a legal witness to the execution of fbfti will or codicil, within the intent of the said aft, notwithstanding such legacy or bequeft.

# V I. Provided always, That the credit of every such withefc Credit of the' fo attefting the execution of any will or codicil, in any of the determined by	*n a(^ before-mentioned, and all circumftancei refat-

the court, fcc. ipg thereto, shall be fubjeft to the confideration and determination of tlie court, apd the jury, before whom any such witness shall be examined, or his teftimony or atteftatioh diade ufe of;

or

1752.] Amio ticelimo quintoXJtOROli II. cl 6.	325

or of the court of equity* in which the t^impny or Stieftatioh of any such witoefc be made ufe.pfj in like manner, to aU intents and purpqfes, as the credit ofwitnefles in all other pafes ought to be confuted of and determined.

VII.	And be it .further enabled by the. authority aforesaid, Nq devifee That no person to whom any beneficial eft ate, intereft, gift or whcre the de-appointment shall be given or made, which is.hereby enabled to vife is made be null and void as aforesaid, or who shall have refufed to receive void,&c. being

. any such legacy or bequeft, on tender made as aforesaid, and the'execution who (hs$ have been examined as a witness concerning the exe- onhewill**11 cution of such will or codicil, (hall, after he shall have been fo (ball after-examined, demand or take pofleflion of or receive any profits or wardstakeaigr benefit of or from any such eftate, intereft, gift or appointment j^cfi^feti ■ fo given or made to him, in or by any such will or codicil; or ^the^anlc^ demand, receive or accept from apy person of persons whatfo-ever, any such legacy or bequeft, or any fatista&ion or com** potation for the (ame, in any manner or under any colour or pretence whatsoever.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority c*fes where aforesaid, That this ad or any thing herein contained shall not the validity of extend or be conftrued to extend to the cafe of any heir at law, wills, and

or of any devifee in a prior will or codicil of the fame teftator, comp«encyof executed and attefted according to the said recited ad, or any not affSed!* person claiming under them respectively, who has been in quiet pofleJTipn for the space of two years next preceding the (ixth day of May\o the year of out' Lord one thouiand seven hundred and fifty one, as to such lands, tenements and hereditaments, where* of he has been in quiet pofleflion as aforesaidj and also that this adl or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be con*

(trued to extend, to any will or codicil, the validity or due execution Whereof hath boro contefted in any (bit in law or equity commenced by the heir of such devifor, or the devifee in any fuch. prior will or codicil* for recovering the lands, tenements or hereditaments mentioned to be devifed in any will or codicil fo contefted, or any part thereof, or for obtaining any other judgment or decree relative thereto, on or before the said (ixth day of Alay in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and which has been already determined in favour of such heir at law, or devifee in such prior will or codicil, or any person claiming under them refpectively, or which is (till depending, and has been profecuted with due diligence; but the validity of every such will or codicil, and the competency of the wirnefles thereto, shall be adjudged and determined in the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this adt had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife nOtwhhftanding.	t

IX.	Provided always neverthefs, and it is hereby declared, pofl*e^ons That no pofleflion of any heir at law, or devifee in such prior which arc not will or codicil as aforesaid, or of any person claiming under them comprcheml-refpedtively, which is confiftent with, or may be warranted by ed within the or under any will or codicil attefted according to the true intent [^"reced*

Y 3	and

326	Anno vicefimo quinto GEORGii II. C.7. ftyfi**

and meaning of this ad, or where the estate defcended or might have defcended to such heir at law, till a future or executory de* vife, by virtue of any will or codicil attefted according to tliU ad, (hould or might take effed, shall be deemed to be a pollef-(ion within the intent and meaning of the claufe herein laft before contained.

X.	And whereas in feme of the British colonies or plantationsin ' America, the said aft of the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, has been received for law, or afts of ajfembly have been made, whereby the atteftation and fubfeription of witnejf-es to devifes of lands, tenements and hereditaments have been required; This ad to therefore, to prevent and avoid doubts which may arise in the C^Ch	colonies or plantations, in relation to the atteftation of fuch'

colonies ^^ devifes °f lands, tenements and hereditaments; be it ena&cd where the ad by the authority aforesaid, That this ad, and every claufe, mat-of 19 Car.«. ter and thing therein contained, shall extend to such of the (aid c* 3-« receiv- colonies and plantations, where the said ad of the twenty ninth cd*	year Qf t^c rejgn Qf King Charles the Second, is by ad of af-

fembly made, or by ufage received as law, or where by ad of *flerably or ufage, the atteftation and fubfeription of a witness ^or witnefles are made neceflary to devifes of lands, tenements or hereditaments ; and shall have the fame force and effed in ’the conftrudion of or for the ayoidine of doubts upon the said -ads of aflembly^ and laws of the faia colonies and plantations,

- as the fame ought to have in the conftrudion of or fof the avotd-? ingof doubts upon the said ad of . the twenty ninthyfeat of! ifye Mtim of KingCharles the Second in KnglaruL > . a Devifes, &c. - XI. Provided always. That as to cafes arifing.io any/of t^e in the planta- said colonies or plantations in America, no such jlevife, legacy or tions by wills bequeft as aforesaid, shall be made null and void by virtue of March i7e%	the	will	or	codicil whereby foch devife, legacy

affe&ed by * or bequeft shall be given, shall be made after the; first day of this aat	■March which (ball be in the year of our Lord one thouiai>d feven

hundred and fifty three.

14GC0.1

CAP. VII.

An act to reftify a miftake in an aft pajfed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his pre/ent Majesty, inliiodtd^ An act for explaining and amending an ad pafied the twenty first year of his present Majesty, intituled, etn aft for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers in the city of London ; and for other purposes therein mentioned. ;

1. c.14. \hf H E R E A S by an act made and pajfed in the twenty fourth ' ' VV year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery 1 of Mercers of the city of London $ and for other purposes merc-

in





1752.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. f.

in mentioned; it was among other things entitled) That it fbculdand might be lawful to and for the said wardens and commonalty, and their futcefforiy and they were thereby impowered at any time after thi ftrjl day ofjuntone thousand [even hundred and fifty one, by any indenture or indentures under their common feal9 in confederation of the ufital rent) 'and of the befi fine that could be got for the fame.j id make or grant one or more leafes of all or any part of the manor of Mercers in the said alt mentioned) with the farmS) lands, ienettknts and hereditaments) and all and every the right s3. member sand appwrv tenances thereto belonging) and of all other the lands, tenements and hereditaments of and belonging to the said company in the kingdom of Ireland, to futh person or personsas they fhould think fit) such leafe or leafes to commence and to take effeft from and immediately after the expiration or other determination of any former leafes theretofore thereof granted by the said company, and then unexpired $ and to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during) and unto thefull end and term of sixty one years, or to commence and take iffeft from (tndimmediateiy after the expiration or other determination of any leafe dr UafeS) theretofore thereof granted by the said company, and then unexpired) or to endure and continue firm thenceforth for and during the natural lives of such three persons as Jbfttld at the time of making such laft-mentioned leafe or leafes rejpeftively, be named by the rejpeftive lejfee or leffees thereof) and bo inserted ■ in the said leafe or leafes for that purpofe, emd the life of the longer liver of them; and from and immediately after the dtceafe of the fur-vhor of such of the find three persons, further to endure and continue for and during, and Unto the fuu end and term of sixty one years, to be computed from such the expiration or determinationof the term or terms for which the fame premijfes were then leafed out as oforefatd; by which said aft power was meant and intended among other things to be given to the said wardens and commonalty, to make or grant a leafe or leafes in manner mentioned therein, of the said manor of Mercers, and oihefi lands and premijfes in Ireland, in the said aft mentioned) to commente and take effeft as in the find aft is menticned) and to endure and continue for three lives) and further tg endure and to continue for sixty one years, in manner as is more fully contained and exprejfed in the said aft y but in that part of the said recited claufi) whereby power was intended to be given to the said wardens and commonalty to make such leafeS) to endure for three lives as aforesaid) the word Or, now fiandtng there between the words9 and now unexpired, and the words to endure and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural lives of such three persons, voas there ’ inserted by mi flake) infiead of the word And; therefore, for the te&ifytn£ and amending the said miftake, and for preventing and remedying all doubts and defers in and concerning thfe power fo intended by the said a£t to be given to the said wardens and commonalty, may it please yoor Majesty that it may be ena<$ed, Wr.

The meaning of the recited aft declared, and thfcfniftdkereftified.



CAP.



328 Anno vicefimo qubitoGsbRarelL	(175*.:

cap. vm.',

An act for repairing the road leading from the Rpy3l Qak dn'WrotBam Heath, to the town of Wrotham in the county of Kentr***™ from thence to the tillage of Foot’s Cray la the ftud cotiaty.* Cm&g&m teUt grmntid Jor 11 yturt.

CAP. IX.

| Mb aft for enlarging the term granted by two foyerafaEt* of the third and ninth years ef hie Into NUjeftfs reigy^fpr continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale ana beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, for the peer-pofes therein mentioned •, and for difcontinuing payment hf , the petty port cujloms there.

WHEREAS by an aft faffed in the parliament ef Scotland

in the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety three, a duty of two pennies Scots was granted to the community of the city ef £dm» burgh, and to the magifiraUs and town council of the fame, and their successors in office, for the pits therein fpecified, upon every pint ef ale or beer either brewed, drought in, or vended, tapped and foid, tpithin the said town andfoburbs and liberties thereof, fan tbefpnce offifteen years and further, not exceeding the space of thirty yean, commenting from the fir ft day of J uly, one tboufand fix hundred and 3 Geo. 1. c. 5. nin$iy three*, which Jaid duties wore by an aft of the third year ef bis late majefiy King George the Fir ft, intituled, Aa gSfcfecxom-tmuingthe duties of two pennies Scots upon *vfcry pint of ileanjA beer fold in the city and liberty of Edinburgh, for rhr pot pete therein mentioned ; and for difconttmiing payment of the petty port cuftores there, further continued for the further term if ran-teen years, for the purposes tbetvin mentioned: and whereas by an aft 3 Geo. 1. c. 14. P&ffcd the ninth year of his fold late Majefiy, mtjtmbcdk An aeft tor enlarging'the term granted by an ad: made in f he third year of his Majesty’s reign, for oontinuirfg the duty of twb pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the oity of Bdea&urgb, for the purposes therein mentioned 5 and for dHcootiaumg payment of the petty port customs there \ arid for making the Aid act more effectual, the said duties were continued for the further term of nineteen years from the expiration of the la ft recited aft^ and Were also extended to the several brewers Within the parishes of Saint Cuthbert, the Cannon Gate, and South and North Leith ; and the produce of the fold duties are by the fold aft dire fted to he applied in the carrying on and empleating such pubtici worts and fitch other purposes, to the advantage of the said community, as are recited it* the foid lafi mentioned aft : and whereas the fold city of EcUnAengh, being the metropolis and fiat of government of Scotland, has hnenhy Us remarkable zeal in fupporting the prottftant int&eft, and Ofbxnnu* avoidable occafms, invobed in very confiderable debts, far exceeding what the common revenue of the said city could difeharge; und id ap-pears that the revenue granted by the fold afts has been managed math the utmojl 0 economy, and faithfully applied to the purposes thereby dire ft ed, yet the fame having greatly decrcafej fince the commencement of

6	- m



*75?'] Anrib viccfimo quinto GedRGH H. C. 9.	329

4be aCt of tbi ninth year of bis late Majesty's reign, infomuch that it now produces little more than fufficient to anfwer the annual burthens Already charged thereupon : and whereas several of the publick works

the said former ads directed to be performed, remain ftill unfinijln ed, and it will be impoffible to finijb the fame, and difchargt the debt already contracted upon the credit of the /aid duties, without a fur-$ber continuation of the term already granted for collecting the fame : to the end therefore that the said necefiary works may be complicated, and the said debt difcharged, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds the provoft, magiftrates, and council of the said city of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves and the community of the foid city, do mod humbly befeechyour Maiefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords Jpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament ^ftembled and by the authority of the fame. That the rates du- The ^ ^ ties and impofitions made payable by the hid ad of the ninth continued far year of his late Majesty’s reign, upon all ale and beer brewed, 38 years, brought in, vended, tapped or fold within the laid city of Edinburgh or fuburbs or liberties thereof (except as in the said ad is excepted) and also the said rates duties ana impofitions thereby	,

granted upon all ale and beer brewed, brought in for falq, vended, tapped or ibid within all or any of the parishes of Saint Cutb-bert, Cannon Gate, South and North Leith, (hall, from and after the expiration of the term mated by the said ad of the ninth . year of his late Majesty, be farther continued colleded and made payable to the proven, magiftrates and council of the said city of Edinburgh for the time being, and their successors, for and during the further term of thirty eight years; and the said duties Ihall be levied and paid by the fame means and methods, and by and under the fame penalties and forfeitures, and shall be fubjed and liable to the fame reftridions, regulations and infpec-.tion, and applicable to the fame works and other purposes (except such works as are already ftnilhed and compleated) as are preferibed, mentioned and exprefled in the said ad of theminth year of his late Majesty’s reign; and that the said a6k, and every ankle, rule, claufe, matter and thing therein .contained ; shall .be in full force and effed from the expiration thereof, for the said further term of thirty eight years, to all intents and purposes is if the fame were at large repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore- AJc vended Aid, That nothing contained in this ad, or in the above-men- precindsof tioned ad of the ninth year of his late Majesty, ihall be con- the caftle ex--ftrued to fubjed to the laid duty or impofition any ale or beer empted. vended within the precinds of the caftle of Edinburgh, for the

"ufe of the garrilbn or any of the inhabitants of the said caftle.

III.	Provided always. That the*produce of the said tolls and Expenses of •duties (hall, in the first place, be fubjed and liable to pay and ^ be difrharge the reafonablc charges and expences incurred in pro- p

curing

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGIi II. c. 10.

curing and pafling this prefcnt aft of parliament 5 any t^ing iff the said fprmer aft to the contrary notwithftandirig.

Payments to IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the parishes of That the annual payments which were awarded by the arbiters St. Cutj^crbj by virtue of the said aft of the ninth year of his late Majesty^ c.con ,uca*rejgn> to pa|d to thc proprietors of the parilhes of Saint Cuthbert, Cannon Gate, South and North Leith y shall continue to be paid to the said proprietors during the continuance of thife present a ft, in the fame manner and'under the fame regulations as by the said aft is direfted and prefcribed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this aft contained (nail extend, or be conftru-ed to extend to impower the persons appointed to put the said .aft of the ninth year of his late Majesty, or this present aft, in execution, or any other person or persons whatsoever, to borrow any further fum, fo as to increafe the present capital debr, upon the credit of the said duties by the said former aft and this .prefent aft made payable.

State of the VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That accounts to be the raagiftrates and town council of the said city for the time

The present capital debt not to be in-creafed.

aada up.

When the . payments charged on the duty are to ceafe.

Publick aft.

being (hall, upon the third Tuefday of the month of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine,, make up a full, compleat and perfeft flare‘Of all the money which shall have arifen and been received by and from the faia duties granted by the said former and this present . and of all fums of mpney laid out from time to time for the several purposes in the said former afts and this present" aft mentioned, and of what debts (haH be then owing on account of the said former and this present aft ; to the end that it may appear, if any overplus money shall remain; and in cafe any overplus shall remajn, the fame (hell be laid out and applied, with the approbation of the overfeers for the time being, in such manner as directed by the said aft of the ninth year of bis late Majesty.

VII.	And be it further enacted and declared. That the annual pa) ments with which the said duty is burthened, shall continue and endure only till the first day of July which shall be in the year of our Lora one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft shall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft, of which notice shall by all courts in thiskingdom be judicially taker!, ahd all judges, juftices and other persons are hereby required to take notice of it as fuch.

CAP. X.

An a£l for the more effectualfecuring mines of black leadfrm theft and robbery.

WHEREAS by experience it hath been found, that wad or black cawke, commonly called Black Lead, is and bath been necejfary for divers ufeful purposes, and more particularly in the cajfl-





Anno vicefmib quinto Georgii II. c. io.'	331

tng bomb /hells, round foot, and cannon balls; and that Juch wad, black cawke, or Black Lead, hath hitherto been difcovered in one mountain, or ridge of hills, only in this realm; and that great wajle and deflrufiion therein, hath of late fears been made by wicked and evil-aifpofed persons, who, by reason of the ftuation of the mine or mines, wad-hole or wad-holes of the said wad, black cawke or black lead, and of the great difficulty to fecure and preferve the fame from being unlawfully broke, or by force entered into ; and also by reason of the fmall punijhment by the taws now in being, annexed to offences of the like kind, have been encouraged unlawfully to enter, atid by force to keep poffcffion of the fame $ and from thence unlawfully to Sake and carry away great quantities of the said wad, black cawke or black lead; for the more effectual fecurity of all and every mine or mines, wad-hole or wad-holes of wad or black cawke, commonly called Black Leaf!; and for preventing the unlawful breaking and entering into the fajne; or the unlawful taking and carrying away from fuch. mine or mines, wad-hole or wad-holes, any wad, black cawke or blade lead* and for punijhing such offenders in a more exemplary mannet, than by the laws in being can now be done; may it therefore please * your mod excellent Majesty,* that it maybe enadtcd ; and be it ■ *.. *	•	-

cnadted by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the " *	**

advice and confent of the lords fpirftual and temporal and tietri-mons in this present parliament aflembled, and bythe authority of the fame, That all and every perifon or persons that fhcdl The entering from and after the twenty fourth day of June which shall be hi W j*1}"** °* the year of our Lord onethoufand (even hundred and fifty two, ^thintStto unlawfully break, or by force enter into any mine or wad-hole or wad-holes of wad or black cawke, commonly caH-ed Black Lead, or into any pit, (haft, adit ot vein of wad, black cawke or black lead, with an intent to take? and carry way from thence any wad, black cawke or black lead; 'dr shall unlawfully from thence take and carry away any wadi black cawke or black lead, although such mine or mines, wad-hole or wad-holesf pit, (haft, adit or vein* be not adtually broke, or by force-entered into by such offender or offenders; ot shall aid, abet, af- 0r theaHUUng lift, hire or command any person or persons to commit foch of-or hiring par-fence or offences as aforesaid; that then, and in every such cafe &ni	Jofo,

all and every such person or persons shall be deemed and conftro- ^rac<l fcl°* ed to be guilty of felony; and it shall and may be lawful for y 1 the court, or judge, before whom any fach person or persons fo and the offen-offending as aforesaid, shall be lawfully convidted, to order fuch*	to be

offender or offenders to be committed to the prison or gaol ofa°™jTr wd the (aid county, appointed for criminals, or to fome houfe of publickly corredtion within the fame county, for a time not exceeding wbipt; one year, there to be kept to hard labour during all the said , time, and to be publickly whipt by the common hangman, or by the matter of such houfe ot corredtion, at such times and at such places, and in such manner, as such court or judge shall t . . f think proper; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such court ^rted for 7 " or judge, or for any other subsequent court held at the feme yean; place, with the like authority a$ the former, to order such offender





33* Anno vicefitrio qutntoGEORGif II. 0.11,12. f 175ft*

fender or offenders to be tranfported to feme of his Majesty** plantations beyond the Teas, for a term not exceeding leveq years as such court or judge shall think mod proper § and ^hereupon judgment shall be given, that the person or personsfo convidl-ed, shall be committed and whipt, or tranfported accordingly j and if tranfportation shall be dire&edr the fame shall be executed in such manner, as is or shall be provided by law for the tranf-andif they ef- portation of felons* and if any such person or persons lb pqnft-cape from pri- mitted or tranfported, shall voluntarily efcape or break pnfon, turn from" or return fr°m tranfportation before the expiration of the time tranfporta- f°r which he, (he or they shall be ordered lobe tranfported^ IS tion, to fuffer aforesaid, such person or persons being thereof lawfully 00nfr'uft-death j ed, shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy, and * shall be tried for such felony in the county where be, (he or they fo efcaped, or where he, (he or they mall be apprehended, and a certifi-	And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiaid, That

cate of the if any person shall be convidted or attainted of any of the offen-fonner con- ces aforesaid, and shall voluntarily efcape, break prison or re^ cdfu^cient"1"turn ^rom tranfportation as aforesaid, and shall be apprehended proof thereof. *n anY other county or city different from that wherein the (aid / offence was committed, tne clerk of the affise, or clerk of the peace for the county or city where such convidion or attainder for the dfajd offence or offences was had, (hall, at the requed of the prpfecutor, or of any other on his Majesty’s behalf, certify the fame by a tranfeript in few words, containing the efie& and tenor of such convidlion or attainder, for which certificate two (hillings and fix pence, and no more shall be paid; and fiioh certificate being, produced in court shall be fufficient proof of such former convidtion or attainder.

Receivers of HI* And be it farther enaAed by the authority aforesaid, lead, knowing That all, and every person or persons who (hall, from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufimd (even hundred and fifty two, buy or receive any wad or black eawfce, commonly called Blati Leady knowing the fame to be fo unlawfully taken and carried away as aforeiaid, shall be deemed and conftrued to be guilty of felony, and being convi&ed thereof, (haU be fubjeA and liable to all the pains and penalties, which any person or persons can or may by the laws and ffcatutes of this* realm, be fubjedt and liable to, for buying or receiving any goods or chattels that have been felonioufly taken or Aden, knowing the fame to have been ftoien.

CAP. XI.

An act to enable the pariftiibners of the pariOi of Eaft Greenwich, in the Courtly of Kent, to depofit corpfe m the vaults ot arches under the cbusch in the (kid parish, and to afcectaia the foes that Audi be paid foe the fame.

CAP* XII.

An a& for repairing and widening the road from die town of Warmh*-*4 ffrr,	county of Wilts,.to the city of Bath, in the county ofSo-

inerfef * and also the read from the town of Frome, in the said county of Somerfet, to the town of Beckington in the fame county $ acd.br repairing the road from Heytesbury to Anftrow HiH, in the county of Wilts. Certain tolls granted for si years,

CAP,

Inch to be stolen guilty of felony.

 v^-ooQle

.-*75**] Anno vkefimo qqinto Gsoroh IL C.15,-^15;	33$

cap. xm.

An act for repairing the road from the town of Cirencefter to the town of Stroud, and that part of Rodbotoilgh Hill which leads to Dudbridge;

• find aHb the road leading from Cirencefter towards Bide/, fo far as the bottom of Oulph Hill) all in the county of Gkmcefter. Certain tolls granted for ti jean,

CAP. XIV.

• 1

An act to open the port of Lancafter, for the importation ,	, of wool and woollen yarn from Ireland.

WHERE AS tit pert tf Lancafter, in the county palatine of Lancafter, is very conveniently fitnatedfor the importation of t4tool and woollen yarn from Ireland; and the opening of the jaid port for that purpofiy will be of great utility and advantage to the woollen manufactures in the northern parts 0/* England, and mere efpecialiy in the counties of Lancafter, York, and Weftmorland; and may alfbbea means of increasing the importation of wool ani woollen yam from Ireland, into this kingdom: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King^s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords iphritual and temporal and commons in this prefcnt parliament aftembled and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of May one thou-fend seven hundred and fifty two, it ihall ana may be lawful for for any person or persons to import into the port ot Lancafter y in tion ofwool Ae county palatine of Lancafter, any wool or woollen or bay from Ireland, yam, wool fells, (hortlings, mortlings, wool flocks, or worl-ted yarn, from Ireland; any aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

IL Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- under the laid. That all such importations of wool and woollen or bay fame regula-yam, wool fells, (hortlings, mortlings, wool flocks arid woffled tio®$ yam, firom Irtlandy into the said port of Lancafter, shall be made ^c/xx0, from foch ports only, and under the lame reftriftions and re- * gulations, in all relpefts, as wool or woollen yarn is now by lawpermitted to be imported into the several ports of Biddefordy Barnftaplty Mmebeady Bridgewatery Eriftol, Milford Haven>

Cbefter and Liverpool or any of them, and in the lame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said port of Lancafter had been particularly named for the importation of the laid goods, in an act made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An act to prevent the exportation ofwool out of the lingdoms ^/Ireland and England, into foreign parts j and for lie encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England; or in any other aft pr afts or parliament whatsoever.

CAP. XV.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for 4 offices and employments} and also persons who have omitted to make and Ale affidavits of the execution of articles of clerkfhip within the time limited by law $ and for allowing farther time for thofe purpofes. Exp.

 L-ooQle

*34 Anno vicefimo quiflto GfioROii H. €.16,-19.	[l732*

' time given to %% Nov. 1751. to taki the oaibj, etc* and the font t ime fw^ filing affidavits of clerks*

cap. xvl	'	:

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts of parliament, for repairing and amending the highways between the town oe village of Tittenfor, and the rood northern part of Talk on the Hill, in . Butt Lane in the county of Stafford. The a& 8 Geo. a. c. 5. consumed for 11 years.

CAP. XVII.

An act for repairing the road leading from the Green Man in the chapel-ry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, through Troubridge, to a place called White Trough, in the pariflt of Troubridge in the lame county? and from thence by Road Church to Bcckington, in the county of So-merfet. Certain tolls granted for %\years.	"

CAP. XVIII.

An act for repairing the road leading from Long Horfley bar or gate,, off-the t>oft road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horilef, WeHon-Bridge, and Whitringbam, to the river Breamifti, and from thence to Piercy’s Crofs, in the county oi Northumberland. Certain tolls granted for 21 years,

CAP. XIX.

An act to open the port of Great Yarmouth for the imperial tion ofwooll and woollen jam from Ireland.

WHEREAS the opening of the port of Great Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk, for the importation of wool and woollen yarn from, Ireland will be of great utility and advantage to the woollen manufallures in that part of England, by rendering the conveyance of thofe materials to the several towns and places where the said manufactures are carried on, more eafyy cheap and expeditious % and may also be a means of increafmg the importation of wool and woollen yatn from Ireland into thishngdom: may it therefore please your mod excellent Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com-" moos hy this present parliament affembled, and by the authority GrwtYar- ^ ^ame> That from and after the first day of May one thdu-mouth opened fwd seven hundred and fifty two, it shall and may be lawful for1 for the impor- any:perfon or persons to import into the port of Great Yarmouthf tationof wool in the county of Norfolk, any wool or woollen or bay yani^ from Ireland; wooj fells, (hortlings, mortlings, wool flocks, and woffled yapV t	from Ireland j any adt or afts of parliament to the contrary1 hi*

any wife notwithstanding. tinder the re- II. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority afore-gulations in faid, That all |fuch importations of wool, and woollen or bav' io&ii W.j. yarn, wool fells, fhortlings, mortlings, wool flocks and Worftea c*I0*	yarn, from Ireland into the said port of Great Yarmouth, shall be

, 1	made from such ports only, and under the fame reftri&ions arid

regulations in all refpedts, as wool or woollen yarn is now by*

* lawi permitted to be imported into the several ports of Biddeford-BarnjlapUy Minebeadt Bridgwater^ Brijioly Milford Haven, Chefler *fld Ltverptolfy' or any of theontj. an4 in fiMne,mannefr.

mteut*

*752-l Anno vicefimo quintoGeoUgii IL c. 2oi

intents and purpofcs, as if the said port of Great Yarmouth had been particularly named for the importation of the said goods in an a& made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of the late King fftHiamthe Third (intituled. An act to prevent the ex~ portation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign parts \ and for the encouragement oft he woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England) or in any other a<5t or a&s of parliament whatsoever.

CAP. XX.

- . %

Atn *8 to obviate doubts that have ariftn with regard to tb* adntiffion of the vajjdls of the principality 0/ Scotland, and payment of their rents and duties.

WHEREAS a doubt hath arifen, whether the lands and other heritages, commonly known by the name of The principality •pf Scotland,' and as fucb poJJeJJ'ed by bis late royal highnejs Frederick prince of Wales, as prince and fteward of Scotland, did, upon his death, defend to his royal bighnefs George William Frederick now prince ofWales, or whether the fame did return to the King's most excellent majtfty\ whereby it is rendered uncertain in what manner the vaffals of the said principality ought to be entered, and to whom the rents, ijfues and profits of the principality ought to be paid, and by whom the vaffals Jhould be thereof acquitted: and whereas by reafin, efpecially of the lofi of great part of the ancient records of Scotland, the removing of that doubt may be attended with tonftder-able delay and difficulty; and although the rents, ijfues, and profits of the principality itfilf are of very inconfiderable value, and have proved hardly fufficient to defray the expence of the officers necejfary for collecting or adminifiring the fame 5 yet in the mean time it will be highly prejudicial to the vaffals of thefaidprincipality, and to their heirs, or lingular successors, or purchafers from them, if no certain method /ball be fettled, whereby the title to lands, or other heritages bolding of the said principality, may be effectually made up and complected; for the relief therefore of the vaffals, and all other per-fons, who may be interefted in lands and heretages, holding of	p

the said principality $ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-rltual and temporal and commons in this present parliament, and by the authority of the fame. That ivfhall and may be HisMajestyto lawful for his Majesty, until his royal highnefs George William hold the prin-Fredei'ick prince of Wales shall attain the full age of twenty one ^tIand°^to years, to hold and poflefs the said principality and ftewartry of grantentriev* Scotland, and to give entries, charters, or infeftments, to the &c tothtraf-vaffals thereof, containing claufes of Novo damns, and other fab, &c there-* claufes ufual, and to do every other ad concerning the said prin-	e

cipality and ftewartry of Scotland, in the fame manner that hath vv^lci shall be been formerly praftiied and accuftomed by his royal predeceflors of the age of the Kings or Queens of Scotland, or of Great Britain,• when ** ywn* there was no prince in being; and all such entries, charteray infeftments or other ads and deeds, concerning the laid prinfU

S



The rights of the crown, and of the prince of Wales, referred 5 except that of avoid* ing the entries, &c.

Anno vtaefipia qukrt* GboR<*ii It	Gifts**;

pality, or any part thereof, (haU be good, wajklandeffoftool iR law, to the vaUals receiving the fame, and aU f*rti^h^ tejdl therein, to all intents and pinptfos whenever 4' fating the King's mod excellent m^efty, his heirs aodfncoj|iibiSffa94 to his royal highnefr Georgs Witiim Fudiruk prince of his heirs and Fucccflbrs, all such jight, title or hHtftftui* to, or oat of the laid principality or ftewartry oSStrtldfidy dffta rhx rents, iffues and profits of the fame, as they .would have had»£rv cafe this aft had not been made; other than and except any right to avoid, impeach or call in queftion, any entry, charter, in~ fefrment, or other adt and deed to be made or granted Inf his Mqjefty, to the valTals, as aforesaid j and the payment ot any rents, feu duties, or other duties and casualties, as against any vaflals, tenants, Angular fucccffors or purchafers; all which are by this aft intended to be made good, valid and effectual, for and in refpeft of such vaflals, tenants and Angular fucceflbrt, and all persons claiming, or to claim, by, from or under them, Or any of them.

CAP. XXI,

An act for repairing tbe reads from Wallingford in the county of Perk* to Wantage, and from thence to Faringaon, and also from Wantage to Idfon in the (aid county. Certain tolls grantedfit w yean.

CAP. XXII.

An act for repairing the roads from the town of Shrewsbury thragktt* Lefinere in the county of Salop, and Overton in the county of £lwt* to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh. Certain tolls granted/wm years.	.	.	T	\

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hHnftuv of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Erahgetift in the oky dr^Wcdl mmfter j and for cleaning the Amts and repairing the; highwsfowash-in tbe said parhhes.

CAP. XXIV.

An Sft for repairing and widening the roads from Tmbeadv Hill the Round Stone in Trowbridge $ and from Flinty NSp to Weftern Down hk

*. tbe parish of Edington inr the county of WOts * and other roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerfet, leading towards tbe cities of Bf^ol and Bath. Certain tolls granted fir 11 years.	'

cap. xxv.

An aQ for granting to bis Majeft a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of tbe Sinking fund \ and for enabling his Majtfty to raife a further sum of money therein alfo	mentioned, by exchequer biUs,	to be charged on

faid Sinking fund, for tbe  service of tbe year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two; and for the further appro* priating thy fupplies granted in this session of parliament: Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Maje fry's moft dutiful and loyal fubjoftsftbe commons 'of Great Britain m pvlUmcm awOiMad? being

defirou

 

337

t752.] Anno vicefimo quirttoGcoKGii II. c.z$:

defirous to raife the n^ceflkry fupplies which we have chearfhlly

{^ranted to your ’Majesty in this session of parliament) for the ervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, in the eafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majesty's 1 fubjd&s, and aifo to ufe ftich ways and means tnerein as that your Majesty may have the better and more fpeedy effect of the said fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the furpluf- ' tes, exceflesand overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking fund\ and to that end and purpofedo moft humbly befeech your Majesty; that it may be enalted; and be it ena&ed by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That 5°°>000 1. by or out of such monies as now are or shall from time to time ^efiokin^ °* be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said fur-fund towards piaffes, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the Sink- the supply for ing fund, (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all such an-the current nuities, or annual fum and fums of money as have been dire&ed ***** by any former act or adts of parliament, to be paid out of the . larne) there shall and may be iilued and applied, a fum not exceeding the said fum of five hundred thousand pounds, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the	\

faid year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to ifiue and apply the fame accordingly.

II. Jnd whereas your Majesty*s said dutiful and loyal fubjefis,, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, have also refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further fum of one 1,406,000!. million four hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply granted to Vunc<j? b* your Majesty for the  service of the said year one thousand seven hun- ** 0ff the° dred and*fifty two, to he rai/ed in manner hereafter mentioned: and naval and whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have pro- other service* pofed to advance and pay into the receipt of your Majesty*s exchequer, the sum of one million, for payment of part of the debt of the navy, and other publick fervites 5 and also the sum of four hundred thousand pounds charged on the additional duties on ftatnps herein after mentioned, now carrying an interest at three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, which purfuant to notice given the left session of parliament are to be redeemed and paid off 5 upon condition that exchequer bills be iffued to them on or before the times at which the said fums of one million and four hundred thousand pounds refpetttvely Jhall bo wanted to be advanced, carrying an interest at three pounds per eqntuift per annum, to be charged on the Sinking fund; and that the said principal fums of one million and four hundred thousand pounds, fball be repaid to them out of the first exciffes or furplvffes of the said Sinking Fund that Jbeil be applied to,the payment of trie f principal of the national debt, next after the remainder of the sum oft Vol* XX,	Z	one

33 8	Anno vkcfimo q&totfr fisofton II. & a £	[*7§*	%

rar mi Hit to one hundred and ninety thou/ihd one htendredund eleven pounds fifteen /hillings and one penny, which has bdenadvanced by the said governor and company, purfmnt to an aA of the Uftfefftem of parliament, /ball be difcbarged and paid off \ now we your wtaje-fty’s (aid dutiful and loyal commons in parliament aitbmbfod, being of opinion that it will he of advantage to theptfblioktoad-cept of the said propofal, and being also defirotis to lefien the national debt as faft as coovenicntlv may be coufiftent Irish iuftice and publick faith, daalfo mod humbly befeech your-Ma-jefty, that it may be enadled ; and be itenaded by thfc autbbri-ty afordaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tfc7ooai-miffioners of the treafury, or any three pf more ofjthem now i>eing, or the high treafurer, or any three or marc of the com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, oh his Majesty*s behalf, to contrad and agree with the said governor and company of the bank of England to advance and pay into the said receipt of exchequer any fum or fums of money nop exceeding in the Whole the said fum of one million four hundred thousand pounds for exchequer bills, to be made forth at the said receipt in the manner herein after mentioned, in such proportions, and at foch refpedive times, as the said commiffioners of the treafury, -or any three or more of them now being, or the (aid high trea-furer, or any three or more of the commiffioners df the ircahtry for the time being, shall judge to be moil for the advantage or the publick, for tire purposes aforesaid The bank al- IH. And be it further enaded by the authority aferefod* lowed 3I. per That the said governor and company of the bank of ^England, cent, intereft. and their fucceflbrs, (ball have afid receive an intere# or frx-mium after the rate of three pounds per centum per anteum, fo^the (aid principal fgm of one million four hundred thousand pounds,

*	to be advanced by them into the (aid receipt of exchequer, from

the refpedive times of advancing and paying the fame, or any part thereof ir.to the said receipt, which said interest or prammm shall be paid from time to time to the Taid governor and company, and their fucceflbrs, by quarterly payments out of the monies arifing at the (aid receipt of exchequer, of or for the forplufles, excefies or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking fund, until such times, as the said exchequer bilte, of any part thereof, shall bedifeharged and cancelled in the manner and form by this adt he rafter provided.

Treafury to IV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefirid, make out ex- That the said commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or chequer bills, more 0f them nOw being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being fhall, and they are hereby authorized and impoweetd to prepare and .nake, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, at once, or at such times, and in such proportions, and in such method and form as they or he shall think moil fafe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum of different fums in the principal monies, (b as

(rich

 L 3Qle

Aw*o y}c^^^^;Op(^au II. c.25.	339

fuch bills 4q not exceed in the whplethe (aid principal fuqa of ^nc piillion four hundred ^hquiar>d pounds.

V- And be it farther eaaded by the aqthorityafarefaid, That to carry an fo-(hid bilk 49 be made and-prepared in pu/fuance of this aft, tcf€^ ^ **• shall find may bear iptereft not exceeding the said rate orpre- *** 00 ^tuurn pf three pppnd%Ur centum per aeinijm^ and proportionally for any gqegter qt k($ fqm to be contained therein9 and to hp payable to t^e (bearers thereof re(pcftively j nevertheless the (aid fntereft (halt be abated and favqd upon such of the said bills to h$ ttiade forth by this aft* as,(haJl at any time or times be in the re*

Ceipt of the exchequer* or in the hands or power of any receivers pr coUeftors qf any taxes, aids or revenue* whatfpever, payable X10 his M^jefty, )u* heirs pr fueceffors, during such time and tinaes rcfpeftively asfueh bills Ih^li be or remain, in the laid re-pemr, or in such hapds pr power aa aforefrid.

VI.	And it is hereby enacted* That all the (aid bills shall be Bill* to bo numbered arithmetically, beginning with N9I. andfo proceed- numbered |ng man arithmetical prpgrelfion, afcending, wherein the com-1arithnicuca^ mpn cxcefc or difference mall always be one* and shall be r<^i-ffered accordingly, fo that the principal fupa to be contained in every such bill may regularly be paid off and difehargeu in cpprfe* according to the number of every such bill, as it shall ilanu in the said regjfter; and th^t the interest upon all and every theaiKf tj,e iote-jfame bills ihjdl be payable every three months, according to the reft to be purport and true meaning of this act ; and that upon every such Pa,d quarter-bill $h$re shall be jodorfed, priced or written, in words at^’ length, or in figures,, the lum, after which the principal, ro be contained therein, fh^Jl be payable in keh courfe as. aforef^id* according to the purport and true moaning of this. aft.

. VII. And >t is hereby fstf dn'r epa&ed* That all the i'aidbillsThe billsrobe ^hall bp prepared and made with such cliemies, indents or coun- made witk ^foils, gsjhall be djrpfted by the commiiSoners of the treafu- cb€9uc## jy* pr any ffrjrpe or more of them now being, or by the high trqafurer, pr gny three or more of the eommilftpuersof the treasury fqt the time being; ami that the per/on or ppfops who shall be appointed to^pay off the laid bills in pourfe, shall from and the pay-ji^e tptiniq have, the ufe and cqftody of one part of all the matters to cheques# indent* or counterfoils of . the said exchequer bills, robav^ onc be prepared ymd made by virtue of this a#, from which the par 9 fame shall haye been cut, to prevent hi* or their being impofed Upon by counterfeit or forged bills ; and that the undertakers thecon-pr contractors for exchanging and circ dating the said bills, or traitor* the fqch.pf thorn as ihali be current, (hali from tune to time have other, jhejufeand cuftody of one other part of pil the (aid cheques, indents or counterfoil* of the said exchequer bills from which the lame (hall, have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent jhek being impofedopon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that *11 the kid part* of the said cheques, indents or counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer, when the said hills to he made forth by.yirtue of this aft shall he.paid off, cap* jgUed and difcharged.



chequer.

Currency of the bills.

Bills to be VIII; And it is hereby enabled. That the laid copntftiliioners Pjatc^ea, cafl,°f the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or ** e ex~ the said high treafurer, or any three or more of thecoip®d®°n-ers pf the treafury for the time being (hall, and they are'hereby refpe£Hvely authorized and impowered to caufe such bills*: as shall be prepared by virtue,of this a<ft, to be plaqed as fo much ca(h in the refpe&ive offices of the tellers of the said receipt of tbeexchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be federally charged with the proportion of the said bills which shall be io placed in his office refpe&ivcly; any Jaw or ufage to the contrary ftotwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid* That all the Nfaid bills to be iffued as tforefaid, shall be current in like manner, and with such privileges and advantages, and iubjedt to such rules and dire&ions, as are preferibed and enacted by an a<5t of this present feflion of parliament, (intituled, An aB for continuing and granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum> cyder and perry, for the  service of the year one thoujand fe/ven hyndred and fifty two) far or concerning the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth; and that all and every the claufes and provifoes in the said laft mentioned adt, relating to t|>e currency, exchanging or receiving the fame laft mentioned exchequer bills, by any publick receivers of aids, taxes or /lip-plies, or in his Majesty’s receipt of the exchequer, or for forging, counterfeiting or altering the fame bills, or makingnutnew bills in the room of such as mall be filled up with Lndorfements^ Joft, burnt, defaced, or otherwise deftroyed, or for makingaut exchequer bills of five th^ufand pounds each, or for making out exchequer bills without bearing imereti, or for making tnem afterwards to bear an imereti, or a higher or lower rate of inte-*eft> from time to time, as the contractors shall agree to^or for preventing any misapplication of the fund on which the fcupqare charged, or any other miibehaviour of any officers concerned, jn the receiving, lffuing* exchanging, paying off or cancelling the laft-mcmiqmtf exchequer bills, or for obliging the cqd-t^lorsto pay tbe,iote/eft of, or exchange for ready money on detpapd, the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be ifiued at a ijate.orpremium not exceeding three ppunds per centum per an-fium, or for preventing any difabilities in any such contra&ora, or for making them not . liable to be bankrupts on accoynt of such contra&s, or for appointing a paymatier or paymafters for paying off and cancelling the fame exchequer bills in flu? courfe andprder (not otherwilc altered by this a&) shall extend, and b^conftrued to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by thU ?<5t authorized \q be made forth, as to the exchequer bplls to be made forth in purfuance of the said a& for continuing and granting the duties upon malt, muo>, cyder and periy* (except such cl^vdes as do charge the lame on the rates and duties continued, and granted by the fame a£t) as amply, fully and effiec^ tujdly* to all intentsi and purposes, as if the fame clau£» orpro-

6	/,	‘	vi&o*

 kjOOQle

*752i3 Anno vicefkno quinto Georgii II. c. 2gt	541

^rifoes h*d been particularly repeated and re-ena&ed verbatim in this a6h

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That .^reafury to the said commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of payet^?n^-6 them riow being, or the said high treafurer* or any three or by way of more of rite commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, impreft* ftiall or may iffue, or caufe to be iflued to such paymafter or paymafters to be conftituted as aforesaid, by way of impreft and

upon account, fo much monies out of the growing produce of theftkl furplufles, exccffes or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking fundy as shall from time to time incur and grow due to the said contractors for the interest or pramium upon the said exchequer bills to be made forth by this adt during the continuance thereof, and such other payments as are by this a<S directed or aHowed to be paid or discharged out of the fame \ any thing in this or any former a61 or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority The biiu aforesaid. That it is the true intent and meaning of this a<$, charged on that all the exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth, the finking not exceeding the said fum of one million four hundred thousand fun<** pounds as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon

the said fuTplufles, exceffes or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking fund; and the fame exchequer bills fhgll (from and immediately after all the exchequer bills made forth for thd principal fum o?one million one hundred ninety thousand and forty one pounds fixteen (hillings and one penny, advanced by ihe governor and company of the bank of Englandfm purfoaned Of an aCl Of the Iaft feflion of parliament, and charged on the said Staking fund, shall be paid off and difcharged) from time to time bd paid off to the said governor and company of the banfc of England, out of the monies that shall from time to timearifo into the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the said Sinking fund> which may be applied to the payment of the principal of the national debt, and not otherwise: and the said commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and enabled to caufe such monies which shall from timeto time arise at the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the said Sinking fund* applicable to the payment of the principal of the national debt as aforesaid (after paying off and difeharging the exchequer bills before-mentioned) to be iffued from time to time to such paymafter or paymafters to be conftituted as aforesaid, by way of impreft and upon account, to be by him or them applied towards the paying off and difeharging the ex*-chequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth as aforesaid, or any part thereof, in the manner before directed ; and at such times, and in such proportions, as the said commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge to be mod for the advan-

Z 3	tage

34*	Anno	vicefimo quhto GEOl^en 1L c.	[1752.

tagc of the pubHck; from which refpeftive time or times of paying off or difeharging the said exchequer hills, or any part Inttyeft to	thereof, by such payrtiafreir of paymaftei's as aforesaid, a pto-

fnd?ofPthe	portionable part of the interest or pramium, payable for fuch

bills aslh^Hbe exchequer bills fo paid off or difcharg'ed at the rate aforesaid, paid of. shall ccafe and determine; any thing in this or any other aft or s<Sts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwit hit andfing. Appropriati- XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by on of the fup- the authority aforesaid, That all' the monies coming into the plies,	exchequer cither by loads or exchequer bills, upon one a<5t of

this feflion of parliament, (intituled. An act for granting an aid to his My fly by a land tart> to be railed in Great Britain within the /pace cf one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty two) and fo much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after afl the loans ,or exchequer bills made or to be made on the feme aft, and all the intfcreft, pramiurn, rate and charges thereupon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said land tax shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and diicharge the fame ; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this session ot parliament, (intiru/ed. An act for continuing and granting to his Majefiy certain duties up n malt, rnurn, cyder and perry^ for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two) and fo much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bilb made or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties shall be fa-tisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and also the sum of one million nine hundrul thousand pc jnds by this aft granted shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several ufes and purposes herein after expreffed; that is to lay, It is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million seven hundred eighty 1,782,090b two thousand and ninety pounds eighteen (hillings and one 18s. id. for penny, for or towards the naval ferviccs herein after more par-naval ferviccs. ticularly expreffed ; that is to fay. For or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be perfoi med, and for ,or towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, confifting of three hundred fifty five days; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers ; and for or towards the buildings, rc* buildings and repairs of his Majcfty’s fhips for the said year; and for or towards paying off or difeharging the debt of the navy.

XIII.	And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-

fiud.

 <^»ooQle

Anno tfccfirno qulnto Gsorgii II. c. 2	343

faid, TJwt Qut of all orany the aids or fupplies aforesaid* there shall ai\d jpnay W iffuerf and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding nine thousand iix hundred ninety nine pounds and nine 9>*p9l-	t*

(hilling upon account, towards the ftipport'of the royal hofpi-tal atGneetru/ich) for the better maintenance of the teamen or p the fiaid hofpitaj, worn out and become decrepit in the fcrvice of their country.

. XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-faid, Tliat out of all or any the aids Or fupplies aforesaid, there fliaW and .may he iflbed and applied any fum or furnsof money not	'

fxceedihg.one hundred twenty four thousand nine hundred and twenty pounds three (hillings and five pence, for or towards de- ordnance for fraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervjce for land service. the year one thoufend seven hundred and fifty two, performed au¥1 to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land service, net provided fot by 4>afliameor*

. XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, therefhall and may bi iflfued and applied any fum or farm of mohey not exceeding one r»Q4M54l-inillion forty one thousand five hundred and fifty four pounds forces1' nineteen (hillings and fix pence, for and towards maintaining 341 orc ** his Maiefty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expreflid ; that is to fay. Any fum or fums of mo-hey not exceeding fix hundred and eleven thousand one hundred 6y*101^** and one pounds Sx (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for	jn

fraying the charges of eighteen thousand eight hundred and Great Britain, fifty seven effetfive men,, including commlflion and non-com- Guernfey and pijitfioo officers, and also one thousand eight hundred and fifteen J*1*? * invalids, for guards,.garriforis and other his Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfeyt for the year one thousand fetch hundred and fifty two; and any fum or fums of money	Jf3,#

not exceeding two hundred twenty nine thousand nine hundred the riantati-and forty three pounds thirteen millings and nine pence half- onsj Minorca jpenny, tor maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the and Gibraltar, plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar* and for provifions for the *nd Pr£vi* garrifons in Nova Scctia^ Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, ga^ifons1 ih for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two ; and any Nova Scotia, Cum or fums of money not exceeding fifty eight thoufond four Newfound- * hundred forty eight pounds fourteen (hillings arid seven pence, landjGihraf-* upon account for out-penfioners of Chelfea hospital, for the year ytdence. °* ope'thoufand seven hundred and fifty two; and any film or foihS of money not exceeding ffxty thousand pounds, upon ac- 58.44*1* 14** count,of the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and 7d. to out-marines- for the year ode thousand (feven hundred and fifty two, chelfca^of-fubjeci.to ftich rules to be obferved in the application of tfic said pita!$ half-pay,;as are hereafter preferibed concerning the fame; and6ooooI tQre any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thousand five duce^oflicersi hundred twenty two pounds fixteen (hiflings and fix pence, for	i6g	*

defraying the charge for allowances to the fcveral officers and 6j. to'tbc of-yriv^le gsiitkmen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regi- ficersaudgcn-

Z 4	ment	tkmcii ot the



34*

horle guards, See. reduced ;

i d. io the penfions of of

$nno viceflmo quin to GEoRGirlf* c.a/j. (^75^^ merit of horfewduccd, and to the fuperannuated gentlemen of the few troops of horfe guards for the yearone tbodfend seven bunded and fifty two; and any fum nr fums ofmoneymot exceeding three, thousand one hundred twenty iive peundsithiiteefx (hillings.and one penny, for paying of petitions toriiewid ows hcers widows j Qf **ch reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain^ and yv,ho were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two ; which said fum of three thousand one hundred and twenty five pounds thirteen (hillings 1	and one penny, shall be iiTued to such person or persons as his

Majesty (hail, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign ma-nud, dire& and appoint to receive the fame, to be by him -dr them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to such eftablifoments, lifts or other directions, and with and fubjeft to such conditions, qualifications and other allowances for the fame as his Majesty, by such and 9	the like warrant or warrants, shall be gracioufty pleated to dired

sa,*121 25s. and appoint; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding id. for extra- twenty two thousand four hundred twelve pounds fifteen (hill-pe^^offfie ^gs anc^ one penny, for defraying the extraordinary estpences land forces in- °f kis Majesty’s land forces and other services incurred it* the curfed ia . year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and not pro-vided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not

io,oool.t6 the exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty-to ^ledor of Ba- make good his engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, purfa-varia;	ant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding

r32,000k to the thirty two thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to make King of Po- good his engagements with the King of Poland, Eiedor of &ix-land.	cny9 pUrfuant to treaty.	^

*1.04*1. ,19 s. XVI. And it is hereby alio enacted by the authority afore-6d. aq.totbe faid, That opt of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there Scotiami^ f^^ll be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not er-0 ia 17519 ceeding twenty one thousand and forty two pounds nineteen (hillings and fix pence halfpenny, upon account, for defraying the charges incurred, by fupporting and maintaining the fettfe-ment of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia in the year one thousand fevgn hundred and fifty one, and not provided for by par-an<J 40,450!. liament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty * and^iod. for thousand four hundred fifty pounds and ten pence, upon ac-yeL?rCCn count, for fupportingand maintaining the fettlement of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty two.

$,997!. gi. 3d. X,Vn. And it is hereby also ena&ed by the authority afoce-tothe detici- feid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there ma^ iflued and applied any fum or fums of money duties at P not exceeding fix thousand nine hundred ninety seven pounds . eight (hillings.and three pence, to replace to the finking fund t^he .likfi fom paid out of the (amp, to make good the dbficiency of xhc additionaj ftamp durifs at Cbriftmat one thousand feven

hundred

> ^hfikmaa ‘

1: i. -





175**1 Aono vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 25.	345

hurahredand fifty •> and any film or Aims of money not exceed- 5,4311. 6s 4d-inp five tboufand four hundred thirty one pounds fix (hillings to the defici-arud four pence, to replace to the said finking fund the like fum ^uUesoo1]!-paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty for re-on licences for retailing of fpirituous liquors at Lady-day one railing fpiritu-thoufand (even hundred and fifty one; and any fum ©r fums of ous liquor* at money not exceeding eleven thousand seven hundred thirty seven Lady-day 1751 pounds fourteen (hillings and four pence halfpenny, to replace ”d?aq, to the to the find finking fond the like fum paid but of the fame, to deficiency of make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings a bat- the duties on rei on fweets or wines made from British or foreign fruit or fu- ^ce{# at gar at ABtbaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty one ;C ae as,75,# and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty four thou- Jhcde-fand one hundred and two pounds nineteen (hillings and five ijcicncyon the pence, to replace to the said finking fund the like fum paid out additional du-of the feme, to make good the deficiency of the additional du- ties on wines ties on wines at Midjummer one thousand seven hundred andat fifty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty ^9691**1 s. two tboufand nine hundred sixty nine pounds one (hilling and yd. *q. to th« seven pence halfpenny, to replace to the said finking fund the deficiency of like (um paid out ofithe fame, to make good the deficiency of dut1^ °.n the duties on glafs and fpirituous liquors at Midfummer one thou- rituouf ii-PI~ fend seven hundred and fifty one ; and any fum or fums of mo- quors. ney cot exceeding sixty one thousand and sixty fix pounds seven 6*»0661. yu '(hillings and ten pence farthing, to replace to the said finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the de- the dudes on feriepey of the rates and duties upon houfes, windows and lights, houfes, &c.

;at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and 54.751k 5*. any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty four thousand aq. to the seven hundred fifty one pounds five (hillings and five pence half- fhemnts for penny, to make good the deficiency of the grants for the  service l75,. of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one; and any 17*1191. 14s* fum or fums of money not exceeding feventeen thousand one t0 lhe hundred nineteen pounds fourteen (hillings and four pence half- chriftm2 ** penny, to make good the deficiency at Cbri/imas one thousand ,7SI> 0fthe (even hundred and fifty one, of the duties on fpirituous liquors dudes on (pi-granted to his Majesty from the twenty fifth day of March one rituous li-thoufand seven hundred and forty three; and any fum or fums ^ors of money not exceeding fix thousand fix hundred ninety three ld.9?o the ad-pounds feventeen (hillings and four pence, to make good the ditional duties deficiency at Cbriftmos one thousand seven hundred and fifty on wines at one, of the additional duty on wines; and any fum or fums of Chriftmas money not exceeding twenty four thousand nine hundred sixty eight pounds twelve (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, to make ,od. »q. to the good the deficiency at Cbri/imas one thousand seven hundred deficiency of and fifty one, of the duties on glafs and fpirituous liquors; and the duties on any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, fhuous li-towards the support of the British forts and fettlements upon quors. the coaftof Africa, to be applied in such manner as his Majesty io,oool. to the shall think proper, and any fum or fums of money not exceed- fettlements on ing four thousand pounds, toenabfe the troftecs for eftabltfhing ^frU*. °f

the 4,000!. to tie

346	Anno	yfcefimequioto Georgji II.	1*75*-

truftees of ( the colony of Georgia in America ta defray the «zpenc^inc\i^d Georgia \	them.i	and any lum or fums of money not exceeding throe

3,0001.	to- thousand pounds tovyards laying put, making and keeping in j wards making repair, a road proper for the pafTage of troops and carriages he^ | ^flVtom tw?en lHc city of Cadi fie and the town of Newcajlle upepTyj**t >

Ne ^cattle.	. XVllI. And whereas by an aft of parliament made awj p$k4&

the fixthyear of the reign of her late mayfly Queen Anne, (*&**#-led, An act for continuing one half part of the fubfidje* ofyoar 6 Ann. c. it. dage and poundage, and other duties upop-wmks» gqod*taf^i merchandizes imported, which were granted .to the crown ip,. ti:c twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second ;:?iul for fettling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means farpayr men: of annuities, not exceeding eighty thou fan d poundsjQfr §n~ numy to be fold for railing afurther itippfy to herMajestyfor the iervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty and foe .	piherufes therein exprefled) certain annuities were granted and

6	Geo. i. c. 4* f^de payable at the Exchequer out of the jaid duties by that aft continued: and whereas in purfuance of an act made in the+fixth year of t	the reign of his late majesty King George the Firfly (intituled, An

adl for enabling the South-Sea company to increafe their present capital (lock and fund, by redeeming such publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for railing monies to be applied for lefleniqg several of the publick debts apd in-, cumbrances, and for calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near 1	the exchequer) several of the proprietors of the annuities before men-

tioned-did fubfenbe the fane into the capital flock of the/aid South-Sea company y upon the terms in the said lajl recited act mentioned y by means whereof the said company are become intitled to the yearly fum of thirty nine thousand one hundred forty fix pounds five fallings and seven pence, for interfi and Jiarges of management upon jucb part of the said annuities fo fubferibed into their (apical: and whereas the monies arifep into toe exchequer of or for the rates and duties by the said firfi recited aft granted, have proved fo lew and deficient^ that at the feafl of the birth of our Lord Chrifi one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, there was due and payable to the several per-fons intitled to Juch part of the said annuities as were not fubferibed ta the South-Sea company, as dlfo to the South-Sea company upon their annuity aforefady the sum of eighty nine thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds ten fallings anffeven pence: and whereas no pro-vifion rs made by the said afts, 4r either of them, for making good such deficiency; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaicL S9.915U 10s. That out gf all or any the aids or fuppliesaforefaid, there shall 7<1. to make and may be iiTued and applied any fum or fums ot money not I good to the exceeding the sum of eighty nine thQufand nine hundred twenty ofthe annui- Poun^s tcn Shillings and seven pence, to make goixl to the ties, and to several proprietors of the said annuities, as also to the ScutSea the South-fca company, the several fum or fums of monej due to them, to

A^sdue bhC	l^r	refpeflive annuities payable by the said acls of par-

uras> u« y	.	.	..	iiameut*

* 7S**1 Anno vicefima qainto GfSorgii II. C. 25.	547

liament, to or for any time before (he (aid feaft day of the Wrththj rttuted of pur Lord Cfirift one thotofand seven hundred and fifty-one, a“s‘

XIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made andpajfed in 4 Geo. *. c, 9. the fourth year of bis present Majejffs reign,. (intituled, An a& for railing One million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities	•

and a lottery, ii) manner therein mentioned; sind for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets and Orders loft, burnt or otherwise deftroyed) it is amongjl other things enabled. That it Jbould and'might be lawful to and for anyperfm or ferfons, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefifs Exchequer, for bis Majefifs ufe, at fttih time dr times as Jbould be appointed by the commifftoners of the treafury then bang, or by the high treafurer, or the commifftoners of the treafury for the time being, any fitm or fums of money not exceed-ing four hundred thousand pounds# in part of the said whole fum of	•

ant million two hundred thousand pounds, for the abfolute purehafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty one, and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or such as ha,

Jbe or they Jbould nominate his, her or their executory adminijlrators*

Jkcceffhrs and afftgns rtfpeftivcly, until redemption thereof by partial ment, in manner therein after mentioned; which certain annuities there to be cemputed at the rate of three pounds ten Jbittings per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionally for any greater fum to be advanced and paid; and the purehafe money fo to be paid for every fucb annuity at the rate of orefaid, was thereby appointed to be paid into the said receipt at the time or times before mentioned \ and the said annuities were by the said aft charged upon and made payable at the refpeftive half-yearly days bf payment therein fpecified, out of the money arijing by the additional duties on Jlampt vellum, parchment and paper, by the said aft granted and appropriated for the payment thereof; and the sum of fourteen thousand pounds per annum is thereby direfted to be tffiitd and applied at the said receipt of exchequer, out of the said additional duties on fiampt vellum, parchment and paper, to anfwer and pay the said annuities at the refpeftive half-yearly days of payment therein fpecified 5 and after rtferving fujficient to pay and Jatisfy, from time to time, such half-yearly payments as Jbould grow due upon the find annuity of fourteen thousand pounds* that then the further yearly fum or annuity of twenty four thousand pounds Jbouldbejffiied and paid to the cajbier of the bank ^England, out of the monies remaining in the said receipt, of the Jatd additional duties on Jlampt vellum, parchment and paper, for anfwering and paying ail and every the annuities or yearly payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to the contributors of the lottery therein mentioned, in refpeft of the principal fum of eight hundred thousand pounds, advanced by them upon the credit of the fetid additional duties, at the refpeftive half-yearly days of payment therein fpecified, until the said several and refpeftkie annuities Jbould be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo therein contained for that purpoft} as in and by the J'aid aft9 relation being tbeteunto had,

may

 Goode

AnnoVicefimo qumto GxorgiiIL ^ ^	£1752	.*

may more fully appear .*t and whereas the fpeaierof tbt bmft ef commons did, in purfuance of a refolutionoftbe faii hoUje £H ike laflJTef-fion of parliaments gitfe notice by writing infected*ik fie lionoon Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Kxcliange in LotidoH,T ‘that the find annuities will lie redeemed and paid eff on the ttrkb dtiy of Treafury	Odober one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, * OgHeMife tb tree

to iflue	power of redemption in the said aft; be it therefore enaddd by the

400,000 1. to authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful'tb and for ^o^r^toM of ^comnoSffianers-of the treafury, or any threeor itiorfc of the1orders^f t^lem now bc,nK> or the said high treafurer, or any three or mote loan mad^in 'of 'the committioners of the treafury for the time being; and purfuance of they are hereby refpedively authorized and required, on tho 4urfuant to 9 ^ tent^	Oftober one thousand seven hundred and fifty

the notice° two» t0 cau^e the'faid film of four hundred thpufand pounds to given by the be blued and paid at the said receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, lpeaker. out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, unto the proprietors of the several and refpedive orders of loan made forth in purfuance of the before recited ad of the fourth year of his present Mujefty’s reign, all the principal fums contained in the said orders of loan, amounting in the whole to the said fum of four hundred thousand pounds, purfuant to the notice given, by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons in that behalf as afbre-taid.

XX.	And be it further enided by the authority afbttfatd. That from and after the paying off and difchargrng allthe principal fums contained in the said orders of loan, anftbifcitkig hi the whole to the said principal fum of four hundred thottfamd pounds, or rcfervmg -money fufficieftt for that purpdfe, and'sf-fo upon full payment of all arrears of the annuities payable in refped thereof, the faid. several and refpedive annuities (haH ceafe, determine and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after the redemption of the said annuities, all the mbnits which shall from time to time arise into the said receipt of ex* and the duties chequer, of or for the said additional duties on ftampt vellOm, to ba atheed Parchment and paper, shall from thenceforth be wholly applied further an- to anfwer and pay the further annuity of twenty four thousand nuity of	pounds, charged upon and made payable by the said recked ad

*4,0001.	of the fourth year of his present Majeftv’s reign, out of tbfefaid

additional duties, until redemption thereof by parliafftent,' according to the provito therein contained in that behalf; any thing in this or the said recited ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandibg. and the fur- XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-plus to be re- thority a fore fa rd, That in cafe there shall bo any furplus or re-ferved for the maimicr of the monies arifing by the said additional duties it dadkment.0t	of'any one year, after the said annuity of twenty four

par lanien . thdiiftnd pounds, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied. Or Woncy fufficiem thall be referved for that purpofe, that then fodt far* plus or remainder shall from time to time be referved forthe difpofition of parliament, and (haH not be iffued but by authority of parliament, and as shall be direded by future ad or ads ^	of

On payment of the above fum, the annuities to tcafe;

 UooQle

349

1752^	Am\o vicefimotjuinto Geqrgii II; C. 25.

of parliament in that behalf; any thing in any former aft or aftf to the cpntiftry thereof notwithstanding.	■

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,\ xhefe aids to That the laid aids and fupplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be applied be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpose whatsoever; only to the , other than the ujes and parpofes before mentioned, or fo^the ^^doned* several deficiencies or other payments direfted to be fatrsfied, thereout by any ad or ads, or any particular daufe or dafifes for that purpose contained in any other aft or afts of tills pre-fent session of parliament.	- *	.

XXIII* And as to the said fum of sixty thousand pounds by Rule* ta b* -this aft appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is °^crved in hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That tio/oFtho" the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in the apt 60,0901. application of the said half-pay; that is to fay. That no person prop*iated to shall have or receive any part of the fame who was a minory ***? reduced and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regi-t0 ccrg* meat, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except fucta persons who did aftual  service in fome regiment, troop or conw pany; that no person having any other place or employment of profit civil or military under his Majesty, shall have or redeivo any part of the said half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifoi* or regiment who has any ecclefiaflical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland> shall have or receive any part of the said half pay 5 that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame* who has refigned hU commifTum and has had no commifiion fince ; th?t no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtu* of any warrant or appointment, except to luch persons who would have been otherwise iotided, to the fame as reduced offi-cers j and that no part of the feme shall be allowed to any of the officer?, of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fiich as were lately taken off the eftabliihment of half-pay in Great Britain,

. XXIV; And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed m the twenty fourth year of his Majesty s reign, (intituled An act for c. 47. granting to his Majesty the sum of fix hundred thousand pounds ’ out of the finking fund £>r the  service of the year one thouftnd seven hundred and fifty one; and for allowances to the po6r widows of commiflion and warrant officers of the royal, navy and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted this fdfton of parliament, and tor making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, orders of loan or annuity orders, payable at the exchequer, in lieu qf fuph as (hatt.be loft, burnt or deftroyed; and also for making forth new orders, of loan or annuity orders, in lieu of such as (ball become defaced, obliterated or otherwise incumbred with arguments or indorfe^ ments thereon) several fupplies which bad been granted to his Mo* je/fyi as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several ufes an# purpeftt therein exprejfed; amongft which any fum or fums of money	*•

net ezwdjng* fijcty four thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid

to

0$9	Aaso	vicpfimo <^intaG^Gi.rJI.,c,,2$/	,tf75a

ifi tbi reduced officers rf bis Majesty s land, f trees and puzrj/zes* fli-jeti nevenbekfs to such rules to be observed in the application of the faxd half-pay, as in and by the a for said a ft were prescribed in fbat behalf ; now it is hereby provided, eoa<9£d and declared i>y the Overplus of ?utlwitY aforesaid, That fo much of the fgW	four

laft yenr’s ihoufend pounds, as is or fh?U be more than fu(ficieiit- t$> fati&fy half pay to be the said reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by applied to the said ad to be obferved in the application thereof! or any Sm*y,aah*w ^P***	fy<*h overplus, shall and may be difpofed of toXocb oj£r

Majcfty shall cers w^° are maimed, or loft their limbs in the late wars, -pr dirrf, such others as by reason of. their long service, or ot,herwHe, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objeds of charity, cur to the-w^ dows or children of such officers, according to fuch/w^aat gy warrants, under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as.fhall figned in that behalf; any thing in this ad, pr the said £pf»cr ad» tq the contrary nptwithftanding.

CAP. XX^L

An act to refirqin the making infutances on foreign flips bound to or front the Eaft Indies.

„ r \Xfft E'R E AS by an aft paffid in the ninth year ofthe reign 5	*•	*»• W 0f bis late majesty King George the Fifft, intituled, An mSt

to prevent his Majesty’s fubjedts from fubfcribing onbdne con*-'	cerned	in	encouraging	or	promoting	arty fubfcriptitmTor an

Eafi-Jndia company in the Aufirian Netherlands; and iorrthe “better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty’s fubjedts so sod from* the Eajl Indies ; all his Majesty s fubjeCis are rffiraimiand prohibited from fubferibing, contributing to, encouraging; or promote ing the raifing, ejlablijhing or carrying on any foreign company mGei for trading to the Eaft Indies, from and afterthe twenty fourth dim of June one thousand fevtn hundred and twenty. three, iu order m 'more effectually to fecure by the provifms of the said aft* aswtmllas by several other laws now in force, the foie trade to and from the Eat •Indies, and otl/er places beyond the cape of Good Hope, to tie, sauted company of merchants ^England trading to. the Eaftt ladies* tint •thereby the Britifti nation might enjoy the full fruits and a&uantag&rf fo beneficial a trade: and whereas-infuri^g the jkipe and veffieh of foreigners trading toihe Eaft Indies, or the lending money tfomree or Refpondehtia of or upon any such foreign /tips arveffeh, map be a means of encouraging his Majesty s fubjt&s to Jbare uutb foreignerrin the ejlablijhing or ending of new companies, fodeties or corporations for carrying on the said trade in the dominions yf foreign ft ate s or princes, whoje fubjefts have never befoter adventured to carry it on; be it enatftad by die King’s mpft excellent majesty^ by and with the advice and confent of the lords, spiritual and Nofnftiranees temporal and commons in this prefect parliament.ahetnbkth to be made on. and by the authority of the fame. That from and after tbc-brii money to be xlay ot May one thousand seven hundred and fifty twO, all lent on bot- cvery person or persons, bodies politick or corporate,.being (life-fpondentia*" 3^* ™Ws Majesty in Grm Britain ot	eifewbete.

175**] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgh II. c.26.' and all other persons whatfoevpr refidmg within Great Brii4.be ^onds, on or Ireland, shall be reftrained and prohibited by virtue of this a#,	#

from granting, figning or under-writing any policy or policies toqr of aiTurance, or lending any money on Bottomree or Rejponde**■ from theEa® tidy of or upt>o any foreign (hip or (hips trading or failing, or to Indies* trade or fail to or (tom the Eaji Indies, and other places beyond tfaecape of Good Hope, within the limits of trad* granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, .or to or from any ports or places within the said limits ; or of or upon any goods, merchandizes or effects, laden or to be laden on board any fudh (hip or (hips, the said (hips or good* not belonging to any companies, focieties or corporations which were eftablifhed or erected, or which had carried oafachtrade s or to any person or persons who had tarried on such trade by virtue of any charter, licence or authority from their refpedtivo Sovereigns, on or before the fevonth day of October one thousand seven hundred ar\d forty eight * and all contra&s, bargains and agreements by which-any Praqnum^ of confidcration in fhe nature of a Premium, shall be taken for such policy qr policies, upon any such (hip or (hips, or upon any gopds, merchandizes or effedls laden or to be laden thereon ; and every other contra#, wager, or agieetnent in the nature of a wager, concerning the event of the said voyage of such foreign ihip or (hips ; gnd all bonds for any fum or fums of money lent, or agreed to be lent or advanced, by way of Bottomree or Refpondentia oa the fame, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thi? a#, fliall be void.	'

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, f .. That all and every person and persons, bodies politick or ear- of treble thT porate Whatfoever, being the King’s fubjedte, in Great Britain fUm iniuied or Ireland, or elfewhere, and all other persons whatsoever refid- or lent * ing within Great Britain or Ireland, who, from and after the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, shall by themselves or agents enter into or execute any such contra#, bargain or agreement, or lend any money upon Bottomree or JLejpendsntia Bonds as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a#, shall forfeit and pay treble the fvfrn in fated ' or lent upon Bottomree or Refpwdentia as aforesaid ; and also all fodtors, brokers, agents, office-keepers, feriveners or other persons who shall prepare, write or negotiate any such contra#, bargain, agreement or bond as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay treble the iumlnfured or lent upon Bottomree or Rejpondetitb as aforesaid; which said penalties shall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Ma-jeftyVcourts of record at Wettmitifterj or in the court of feflion in • • Smlandy or in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at the four ootsrts in Dublin refpedbvely j in which adttoo or fait no efibin, protedfcion, privilege or wager of law* or more than one impar- v; n lance shall be allowed; one moiety of the said penalties to be to . the ufo of his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccaflor^ and the other	,

moiety *	y



Mot to extend to the (hips or goods of the fubjefts of such Sovereigns, who traded there before 7 Oft. 1748.

This a ft to be in force for 7 years.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27.	£1752.

moiety thereof to the ufe of him, her or them who thall fuc for the fame.

III.	Provided, That this aft shall not extend to the prohibiting infurances on such (hips, goods or interefts as shall belong to the fubjefts of such Sovereigns, who before the said seventh day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, have granted charters, licences or authorities to trade within the said limits, and whofe fubjefts were, at the said seventh day of Oftober, aftual traders within the said limits, and by virtue of such charters, licences or authorities.

IV.	Provided alfo. That this aft shall continue in force for seven years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for converting the several annuities therein mentioned into several joint flocks of annuities, transferable at the bank of England, to be charged on the Jinking fund ; and also for confolidating the several other annuities therein mentioned, into several joint flocks of annuities, transfer-rable at the South-Sea boufe.

4. Geo. a. c. 9. \Af H E R E A S in purfuance of an oft of parliament made and V V pa (Jed in the fourth year of his Majesty's reign (for raijing one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities and a lottery and for other purposes therein mentioned) several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, part of the said fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the additional duties on Jlampt velhm% parchment and paper, by the said aft granted and continued, for tho purchafe of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, transferable at the bank ^England, and redeemable by parliament: and whereas in purfuance of another aft of parliament made and pajfed in the fifteenth year of his Majesty's reign (for granting to his Ma-15 eo.*.c. 19.	^	(widrfd	thoufand	pounds, to be raised by annuities

transferrable at the bank of England ; and for other purpojis therein mentioned) several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend the faidfum of eight hundred thousand pounds upon the credit of the furpluffes, excejfrs or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, by the Jaid aft granted and appropriated in that behalf for the purchafe of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, transferrable at the bank 0/England, and redeemable by parliament: anj. whereas in purfuance of another aft ofparliament made and paffed in the ftxteenth year of his Majeflys reign (for raising by annuities i6Ge<v.c.i3. and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds at three pounds per centum per annum,/^ thefervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three) several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend the said fum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds upon the credit of the rates a*id duties on low wines* fpirits and ftrong wa-ters, granted to bis Majefly by one other aft of the fame fejflon of par-

liament,



353

1752.] Anno vlcefimo quinto GSorgii II. c. 27;

■ liament, for tie purchaft if annuities after the rdteufi three pounds 1 per centum, transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable 5 1 by parliament: and whereas by one other aft of parliament made add » , pajfed in the feventeenth year of his Majesty's reign (for raiftng by ' ^ annuities and a lottery 4 in the manner therein mentioned, the sum of one' V million eight hundred theufand pounds at three pounds per centum i 1 per annum, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four) several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did ad-i vance and lend the said fum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds upon the credit of the furplus or remainder of the monies to1 arise into the receipt of exchequer, of or for the rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by the lajl-recited aft of the fixteenth year of his Majesty's reign (after fatisfying the annuity payable to the Eaft-India company out of the said duties) for the pur chafe of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, transferrable at i the bank ^England, and redeemable by parliament: and whereas by 1 one other aft of parliament made and pajfed in the eighteenth yearof18 eo,a‘c*9f hh Majestys reign, {for. granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon all wines imported, andfor raiftng a certain sum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentionedto be charged on the said additional duties)feveral persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advayice and lend the Jum of two millions upon thi credit of the, said additional duties* for the pur chafe of annuities after the ratb df / , three pounds per centum, transferrable at the bank 0/England, arid? redeemable by parliament; and the said additional duties were also charged with the payment of certain annuities for lives at the said re- qcaa#c#,^ ceipt of exchequer, in the manner in the said aft direfted: and where*13 as in pursuance of one other aft of parliament made and pajfed in the twenty third year of his Majesty's reign (for granting to his Majesty the Jum of one millon, to be raised by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and charged on the finking fund, transferrable at the bank of England J several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend the said fum of one million upon the credit of the said Jinking fund, for the purchaje of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferrable at the bank of Eng-land, and redeemable by parliament : and whereas the said several principal films before-mentioned, for which the said several and reffective annuities now carrying an interest of three pounds per centum per annum, transferrable at the bank as aforesaid, are payable, do a-mount in the whole to the sum of eight millions two hundred thousand pounds, and it is thought necejfary, that the said principal fum be (with the confent of the proprietors thereof, to be fignified within the time hereinafter-mentioned) converted into one joint ftock of annuities \ and that the interest or annuities Jhallbe paid out of the produce of the finking fund, until redemption thereof by .parliament, in maimer herein after-mentioned; and that the several duties and revenues which were given and granted for payment of the said annuities, and on which the fame were charged, jball be carried into and made part of the said finking fund: now we your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons ot Great Britain in parliament af- . fembled, being q( opinion that it will be of advancage to the Vo*. XX,	A	a	publick,	'



The afore-mentioned fums, a-mounting to 8,100,000 1. and carrying

to one joint ftock of annuities, transferable at the bank.

Subfcribers

Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgiI II. c. 2 7:	[ 17 52.

publick, and also a great convenience to the proprietors of the said annuities, if the fame were consolidated into one joint flock of annuities as aforesaid ; and being defirous to provide for the | pun&ual payment of the said annuities, and to prevent any de- ' ficiencjes or delay of payment thereupon, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ena&cd; and be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, the several Aims afore-mentioned, amounting to eight millions two . _ hundred thousand pounds, carrying an interest after the rate of ?nterd/to be t^iree Pounc*s Per centum P£r Mtwm> payable in purfuance of the converted in- before-recited a<fts of parliament in that behalf, shall (with the confent aforesaid) be converted into one joint ftock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, in the fame manner and form as the said Several and refpedtive annuities arc now trans* ferred, until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner here-' in after-mentioned; any thing in the said recited a&s to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every person and per/ons, fmpowered to bodies politick or corporate, who shall fubferibe or fignify their transfer. confent to the making their said annuities part of the said joint ftock of annuities, as aforesaid, shall be immediately intitled to the privilege of transferring such annuities as part of the said joint ftock, from the said twenty fourth day of June oiie thousand seven hundred and fifty two, as aforesaid.

The annuities-	And	be	it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That all

to be paid un* 2nd every the said several and refpedVive annuities transferrable to a* June at the bank of England as aforesaid, shall be paid unto the said 175»* ollt °f twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, out of the fame rates, duties and impofitions, as the said several and refpe&ive annuities are now paid and payable, together with other charges payable out of the fame : but in cafe the monies arifing into the receipt of the exchequer, shall not be fufficient to anfwer and pay the said several and refpedtive an-of the finking nuities and other charges, at the time appointed for payment fund} thereof, that then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer; or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe fo much money to be iflued out of the said finking fund, as shall be fufficient to anfwer and pay the said several and re-fpe&ive annuities as shall become due and payable, until the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and fifty two, and all the said other charges attending the fame, thenceforth	And	be	it	further	ena&ed	by	the authority aforelaid,

they aie to be That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one •barged on thousand seven hundred and fifty two, all the (aid several and re-

6	fpc&ivc

the funds appropriated j

but if they be deficient out

 L,ooQle

1752.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27.	355

fpe&ivc principal fums transferrable at the bank of England as the finking aforesaid, amounting in the whole to the sum of eight millions fund * two hundred thousand pounds, as also such fuin or fums of mo* ney as shall or may be made payable to the governor and company of the bank of England, for the charges of management, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the said finking fund, and shall be iflued and paid half-yearly on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in every year and to be paid out of the furplus funds, and other duties and revenues com- half-yearly s pofing the said (inking fund, and shall be deemed and taken to be charges and incumbrances thereupon, until redemption thereof by parliament; fubjedt nevertheless to such charges and incumbrances as are already made thereupon by parliament: and the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer or commiffioners of the and money tp treafury of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors for the time be- he iflued to ing, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or ^ chiefclerk obtained in that behalf, shall and may, from time to time, iflue by way 0f 9 the fame at the refpeltive half-yearly or other days of payment, imprelt, whereon the fame shall become due and payable at the said receipt of exchequer, to the first or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccef-fors for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the purposes above-mentioned ; and that all and every such cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the said money (hall, from time to time be iflued, shall without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The fun(j# TThat from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one which were thousand seven hundred and fifty two, all the said rates, duties, appropriated impofitions or revenues, granted and appropriated by the said tothc annui-feveral and refpedfive ads herein before recited, for payment of11*^™^* the said several and refpective annuities transferrable at the bank {•„!„„£ j of England, as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of

the said finking fund (after referving fufficient to pay the annuities for lives at the exchequer, and other charges and incumbrances charged on the said duties and revenues) and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be part of the said (inking fund, and shall be iflued and applied to such ufes and purposes, as all and every other tbe furplus funds, duties and revenues, com-pofing the said finking fund, are or may be iflued and applied ; any thing in any former a£t or a&s of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	And whereas by and in purfuance of two several a5ls of par- 9 Geo. 1. c. 54. liament, made andpaffed in the ninth and eleventh years of his Maje- nGeo.*.c.*7,

Jlys reign, certain annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were created and made payable at the said receipt Proprietor* of sf exchequer, out of the finking fund, amounting to the principal fumthc Jl- Pcr, of nine hundred thousand pounds, for which tallies and orders	granted

A a %	made	!8

356

Anno vicefimoquinto Georgii II. c.27.	[175**

by afts o & 11 ma^e mt at l^e fat^ recelP^ and as tb* proprietors of the /aid tallies Geo. 2. may an^ orders may he deftrous to fubfcribe the fame into the said joint fiibfcribe into Jlock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per the joint itock, annum; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar i the laid proprietors may, at any time between the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and the laid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, fubfcribe the fame into the said joint flock of annuities accordingly.

% Geo. 2 c. is. VII. And whereas by and in pkrfuance of one other aft made and faffed in the eighth year of his Majefly's reign,, certain orders for annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were made forth at the said receipt of exchequer^ payable out of the general fund, in lieu of debentures made forth to the fufferers of Nevis and Saint Chriftophers, to the amount of one hundred forty one thousand ninety three pounds fifteen Jhillings and one penny farthing; The propie- whereof there now remains the sum of thirty seven thousand eight tors of the 3I. hundred twenty one pounds five Jhillings and one penny farthing; be Sihties grtnt- lt t^eref°re enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the pro-«d by 8 Geo. 1. prietors of the said orders may, at any time between the said in lieu of de- twenty fourth day of June one tfioufana seven hundred and fifty k®ntu*[£s to two, and the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hun-Nevis smd St. ^red an<* three, fubfcribe the said annuity orders into the said joint flock of annuities after the rate of three pounds per . centum per annum% as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it enadled, That all and every person or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, who shall fubfcribe their said orders into the joint flock of annuities aforesaid, shall be immediately intitlcd to the privilege of transferring such annuities, as part of the said joint flock of annuities, from the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That such of the said orders b^paid quar-that shall be fo fubferibed, which are now made payable half-terly to Mid- yearly at Michaelmas and Lady-day, shall be paid by the quarter,

■ to grow due from Lady day one thousand seven hundred and fifty two to Midfummer following; any thing in any former adt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That the governor and company of the bank of England (hail,

vide books for and they are hereby required to caufe such books to be prepared thefubferip- as shall be neceflary for receiving the fubfeription or confent of such of the proprietors of the several and refpedlive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy transferable at their office, and also of the proprietors of the several annuities, tallies and orders payable at the exchequer out of the finking fund, as also of the several proprietors of the annuities and orders payable at the exchequer out of the general fund, as shall fubfcribe the fame into the joint flock of annuities before mentioned, which books shall be conftantly kept open at the bank of England for that pu.pofc every day, Sundays and holidays

Chriftopber’s, may fubfcribe.

The fubferib-ers may immediately transfer.

the orders to

fumfmer 1752.

Bank to pro-

tions.

Co be open irpm 24. June



1752*] Anno viceSmo qulnto Georcii II. c. 27.	357

days only excepted, from the said twenty fourth day of June t to 2 one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, to the said fifth day ofjJn. i7Sj,S January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three inclufive, and no longer ; fubjed nevertheless to such further directions, except the with refpedt to the taking in or receiving such fubferiptions confent from the proprietors of the said annuities, after the said Urt cr rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall or may be given by the commiifioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, for the benefit and advantage of the publick; and it shall and The propne* may be lawful to and for the proprietors of the said several and fcribcl^ U " refpedtive annuities, their refpcCtive attornies, reprefentatives or afiigns, or such person or persons as he, fhe or they shall re-fpedtively authorize and impower by writing in that behalf, to fubferibefor them; and all persons impowered to receive any interest or dividend that shall become due on the said annuities fhall, and they have hereby power to make the fubferiptions, and give confent in the faia refpeCtive books accordingly, without any fee or charge, at any time between the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and the several officers of the said governor and compa- officers to at-ny who shall be appointed to take in the said fubferiptions, or tend, receive such confents, shall during the time aforesaid conftantly attend at the said office for that purpose at such hours as bufinefs is ufually tranfaCted there.

XI.	And whereat in purfuance of an aft of parliament made and p pajfed in the nineteenth year of hit Majejift reign for granting to 19 eo'*‘c,la* his Majesty several rates and dutiet upon glafs9 and fpirituous liquorj, and for other purpofet therein mentioned, several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend upon the credit of the said rates and duties the principal fum of three millions, for the purchafe of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and the said rates and dutiet were also charged with the payment of certain annuities for lives, payable at the receipt of the exchequer, in the manner by the said aft direfted; which said fum of three millions is now reduced to the principal fum of two millions eight hundred twenty four thousand four hundred twenty eight pounds thirteen /hillings and eleven pence, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum, purfuant to certain afts of parliament in that behalf: and whereas by another aft *0 Geo.*, c, ^ of parliament made and pajfed in the twentieth year of his Majejift reign, for repealing the several rates and duties upon houfes, windows and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows or lights., and for other purposes therein mentioned, several persons, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend upon the credit of the said duties the principal fum of four millions for the purchafe of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, upon which (for the encouragement of persons who fhould advance find lend the fame) there was an allowance of ten pounds per centum,

A a 3	/♦





358

Anno vicefimo cpinto GeoRGH II. c. 27.	[1752;

yj that the capital fum amounted to the sum of four millions fom hundred thousand pounds redeemable by parliament; which said fum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds is now reduced to the principal fum of four millions one hundred eighty nine thousand three hundred sixty five pounds and five fallings, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum, purfuant to certain a Sis of parliament in that behalf \ and the said rates and duties were likewise appropriated for the payment of the yearly fum of ninety one thousand four hundred eighty five pounds and fix pence three farthings to the aggregate fund: and whereas by one other aS toGeo.i.c.io. of parliament made and pa fed in the twentieth year of bis Majeftfs reign, for granting several rates and duties upon coaches and other carriages, and for other purposes therein mentioned, several perfens, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend upon the credit of the said rates and duties the principal fum of one million, for the purchafe of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament $ which said fum of one million is now reduced to the principal fum of nine hundred twenty nine thousand two hundred feventy fix pounds ten fallings and fix pence, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds ten fallings per centum, txGco.i.c.i. purfuant to certain alls of parliament in that behalf: and whereas by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the twenty jirfi year of his Majefiy's reign, for granting to his Majefiy a fubjtdy of poundage upon all goods and merchandizes imported, and for other purposes therein mentioned, several perfens, bodies politick or corporate, did advance and lend upon the credit of the said fubfidy the principal Jum of fix millions three hundred thousand pounds, for the purchafe of annuities, transferrable at tin bank of England 5 and for the encouragement of all perfens who Jhould advance and lend the fame, there was an advance of fix hundred and thirty thousand pounds, being ten pounds per centum on the said fum contributed, fo that the whole capital fum amounted to the sum offix millions nine hundred and thirty thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament; which said fum of fix millions nine hundred and thirty thousand pounds, is now rtisuea to the principal fum of fix millions fix hundred sixty thousand and fix pounds eighteen /hillings and three pence, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds ten fallings per centum, purfuant to certain afts of parliament in that behalf: and whereas by on at? of aiGeo.i.c.13. parliament made and paffed in the twenty fecondyear of his Majefiys reign, for charging the fmking fund with the payment of annuities in difcharge of navy, victualling and transfport bills, and ordnance debenture$ to the amount therein mentioned, certain perfens, bodies politick and corporate, who were pojfeffed offiucb bills and debentures, did fubferibe the fame at the bank of England, to the amount of three millions feventy two thousand four hundred feventy two pounds and ten pence, for annuities transferrable there, charged upon the faidJinking fund, redeemable by parliament; which Jaid fum of three millions feventy two thousand four hundred feventy two pounds and ten pence,^ is now reduced to the principal fum of two millions nine hundred sixty eight thousand four hundred ninety fix pounds eight fallings and eight pence, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds



*752-l Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27/	359

ten /billings per centum, purfuant to certain alts of parliament in that behalf: and whereas the principal fums -before-mentioned, now The aforefai d carrying an interejl of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per fums amount-annum, transferrable at the bank of England as aforesaid, do a- ,nS to mount in the whole to the sum of feventeen millions five hundred fe- JggfVjf73 ' venty one thousand five hundred feventy three pounds fixteen /hillings and four pence; whereof the sum of fourteen millions eight hundred whereof fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen /hillings 141857,9551. and four pence was firfi /ubfcribea, in pursuance of an aft of par- J8®* 4^-rvv.^8 liament of the twenty third year of his Maje/lys reign, for an cn-	p^r^nce

nutty of three pounds ten /hillings per centum, until the twenty fifth £ % Qco*. day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, which c. 1. will be the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight i and from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, for annuities at three pounds per centum ; and the refidue thereof amounting to the fum and of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand fix hundred and x>7i3,6r7l. feventeen pounds eighteen Jbillings, was lafi jubferibed, in purfuance i*8s. the reh-af another a ft of the fame fe/fion of parliament, for an annuity of three lait fub-pounds ten /billings per centum, until the twenty fifth day of De- fcnbcd» cember one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, which will be the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty fix; and jrom and after the twenty fifth day of December one thou/and seven hundred and fifty five, for annuities of three pounds per centum : and whereas it is hkewife thought nece/fary that the several principal fums transferrable at the bank of England as aforesaid, amounting to the sum of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty Jeven thousand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen /hillings and four pence, /hall, with the confent of the proprietors thereof \ (to be fignified within the time herein after-mentioned) be converted into one joint flock of annuities, the interejl or annuity to be charged and chargeable upon the finking fund; and that the said several principal fums as aforesaid, amounting to the sum of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand fix hundred feventeen pounds eighteen Jhillings, be, with the confent of the proprietors thereof, (to be fignified as aforesaid) converted into one other joint flock of annuities, the interejl or annuity to be charged and chargeable upon the said finking fund; and that from and after the fifth day of April one thousand fiven hundred and fifty eight, the Jaid intended joint flock of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen /hillings and four pence, together with the said intended joint Jlock of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand fix hundred feventeen pounds eighteen /hillings, or fo much thereof as /hall be then unfatisfied, {hall be one joint /lock of annuities, and that the several duties and revenues which were given and granted for payment of the said annuities, and on which the fame were charged, /hall be carried into and made part of the said finking fund•, be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That after the tenth day of Oftober one thousand he ton-feven hundred and fifty two, and before the fifth day of April folidattd into one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, the said several an-nuities, amounting to fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven ferrableat the

A a 4	thoufand	hank.



$6o	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Georgii II. c. 27.	£1752*

thoufand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen (hillings and four pence, may be confolidated and made one joint flock of annuities, transferable at the bank of England\ and that the said several annuities, amounting to two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand fix hundred feventeen pounds eighteen (hillings, may after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and before the said fifth day of jfpri! one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, be confolidated and made one other joint flock of annuities, transferable at the bank of England, in the fame manner as the said several and refpe&-ive annuities are now transferrable until redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after-mentioned ; s^ny thing in the (aid a<5ls to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding. 6ubfcribers XII. And be it enadted. That all and every person and per-mav immcdi- fons> bodies politick or corporate, who shall fubfcribe or fignify The ^nuities- their eonfent10 the making their said annuities part of either of * the said joint flocks of annuities as aforesaid, (nail be immediately intitled to the privilege of transferring such annuities as pan of the said joint flock, from the said tenth day of 0&$ber9 one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, as aforesaid. which are to XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all be paid out of and every the said several and refpedlive annuities, transferrable the funds ap- at the bank of England as aforesaid, shall be paid unto the said propriated tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, ioC0&ober° out ^ame rates>duties and impofitions.as the said several and refpedtive annuities are now paid and payable, together with o-ther charges payable out of the fame; that is to fay, such of the said annuities as are made payable half-yearly at Lady-day and Michaelmas, shall be paid for the half-year to grow due on the (aid tenth day of Oflober one thousand seven hundred and fifty two; and such of the said annuities as are made payable half-yearly at Chrijlmat and Midfummer shall be paid for the quarter to grow due from Midfummer one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, to the said tenth day of ORober following; any thing in any former a£l to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding: but in cafe the said monies arifing in thp said receipt of the ix-. chequer shall not be fufficient to anfwer and pay the said several and refpe<5tive annuities, and other charges, at the days appointed for payment thereof refpedtively, that then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners pf the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe fo much money to be ifiued out of the said finking fund as shall be fufficient to anfwer and pay the said several and refpedlive annuities as shall become due and payable until the said tenth day of Ottober one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and all other charges attending the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand charged on the fcven hundred and fifty two, all the said several aqd refpedliye fakJDgfandj , v	annuities

*75*>

and if they are deficient, then out of the finking fund j

after which they are

i

 L-ooQle

175^*3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27,	361

annuities, transferable at the bank of England, amounting in the whole to the sum of feventeen millions five hundred feventy one thousand five hundred feventy three pounds fixteen (hillings and four pence, as also such fum or fums of money as shall or may be made payable to the governor and company of the bank of England for the charges of management of the said annuities,

(hall be and they are hereby charged and chargeable upon the said finking fund, and shall be iflued and paid half-yearly, on the and to be paid fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftober in every year, out half-yearly, of the furplus funds, and other duties and revenues compofing the said finking fund, and shall be deemed and taken to be charges and incumbrances thereupon, until redemption thereof by parliament; fubjedl nevertheless to such charges and incumbrances as are already made thereupon by parliament: and the commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commifiioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had pr obtained in that behalf, shall and may, from time to time, iflue the fame at the refpedtive half-yearly or other days of payment, whereon the fame shall become due or payable, at the (aid receipt of exchequer, to the first or chief caftiier or ca(hiers of and money to the governor and company of the bank of England, and their ^ l° fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon ac- caihierof the count, for the purposes afore-mentioned; and that all and every bank, by way * such cafhier or cafhiers to whom the said monies shall be iflued, of impreft. shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, provifoesre.

That all and every the claufes and provifoes relating to the an- laring to the nuities afore-mentioned, which were made payable or transfer- ann.ult.ic< rable at the bank of England, shall remain in full force with re-	m

fpedt to the annuities continued or eflabli(hed by this act, in all

matters and things whatsoever, where the fame shall not have been altered by this adl, or other provifions made in refpedt thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The funds ap. That from and after the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand propriated to seven hundred and fifty two, all the said rates, duties, impofi- the annuities tions or revenues granted and appropriated by the said several into^he fmk-and refpedtive adts herein before recited for payment of the said ing fund, several and refpedlive annuities, transferable at the bank of

England as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the (aid finking fund (after referving fufficient to pay the annuities for lives at the exchequer, and other charges and incumbrances charged on the said duties and revenues;) and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be part of the said finking fund, and shall be iflued and applied to such ufes and purposes as all and every pther the duties and revenues compofing the said finking fund.

 C ’ 3Qle

the fame,

4 Geo.i. c.n

362	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georgii II. C. 27.	£ 175*.

are or tray be iflued and applied; any thing in any former ad or a As of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

The proprie- XVII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made and paffed in tors of exche* fhe fixth year of his late Majestys reign, certain annuities were ere-payable out oiate^ at exc^efuer payable out of the duties on wrought plafey to the duties on ^)e amount of three hundred and twelve thousand pounds, whereof plate, allowed there is now remaining the sum of one hundred and twenty nine tbou-to fubferibe fond seven hundred and fifty pounds; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the proprietors of tallies and orders for the said annuities, which were fubferibed pur-fuant to the two ads of parliament before recited, (hall, from and after the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, until the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, have liberty to fubfcribe their said tallies and orders at the bank of England, into the feverai joint (locks of annuities; that is to (ay, such of the (aid annuities as were first fubferibed purfuant to the said ad of the twenty third year of his Majefly’s reign, shall be added to the said joint (lock of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thousand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen (hillings and four pence; and such of the said annuities as were fubferibed purfuant to another ad of the fame fefiion of parliament, shall be added to the said joint (lock of two millions seven hundred thirteen thousand fix hundred feventeen pounds eighteen fhillings ; and the said joint flocks of annuities refpedively, shall have an additional annuity for such fum or fums of the said plate annuities as shall be fo fubferibed into the said joint (locks refpedively, from the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, payable out of the said furplus funds, and any of the duties and revenues compofing the said finking fund.

XVIII.	And be it enaded. That all and every person or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, who lhall fubfcribe their said orders into either of the joint (locks of annuities aforesaid, shall be immediately intitled to the privilege of transferring such annuities as part of such joint (lock of annuities, from the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand (even hundred and fifty two as . aforesaid.

.	XIX.	And be it further er.aded by the authority aforesaid,

be'carriecVh?* ^hat the said duty on wrought plate, provided all the said an-to the finking nuities charged thereupon shall be fo fubferibed, or the furplus fund.	thereof, in cafe all the said annuities shall not be fubferibed,

(hall be transferred unto and made part of the said finking fund; any thing in any former act or a&s of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

The said an- XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, unities to be That from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand one jri .t (lock seven hundred and fifty eight, the said joint ftock of the first tran si err able fubferibed bank annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten at the ban . fhi];;ngrS per centum per annum; as also such of the said plate annuities as ihall be fubferibed thereunto, with fo much of the laid

fecon4

Power to transfer im mediately.



3*3

I752-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c.27.

Second fubfcribed bank annuities, after the said rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum; as also such of the said plate annuities as shall be fubfcribed thereunto as aforesaid, and shall then remain unfatisfied and not paid off, shall be made one joint ftock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of Eng~ land, until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned ; any thing in this or any former adl or adts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bank to pro. That the governor and company of the bank of England (hall, vide book* for and they are hereby required to caufe such books to be prepared fubfcriptions, as shall be neceflary for receiving the fubfcription or confent of such of the proprietors of the several and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annumy transferrable at their office$ and also of the proprietors of the several annuities, tallies and orders payable at the exchequer, out of the duties on wrought plate, as shall fubfcribe the fame into the several joint (locks of annuities before mentioned; which books shall be conllantly kept open at the said bank of to be open England for that purpofe, every day, Sundays and holidays only from 10 Ofto^ excepted, from the said tenth day of ORober one thousand seven bcr 1751, to 5 hundred and fifty two, to the (aid fifth day of April one thou-£Prl I753> fand seven hundred and fifty three inclusive, and no longer, fubjedt nevertheless to such further diredtions, with refpedt to the taking in or receiving such fubfcriptions or confents from the proprietors of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, as shall or may be given by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, for the benefit and advantage of the publick; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietors of the said several and refpedtive annuities, their refpedtive attomies, Teprefentatives or afligns, or such person or persons as he, (he or they shall refpedtively authorize and impower, by writing, in that behalf, to fubfcribe for them ; and all persons impowered to receive any interest or Thc p^p,^ dividend that shall become due on the said annuities, (hall, and tors may fub-they have hereby power to make their fubfcriptions and givefcribcj their confents in the said refpedtive books accordingly, without any fee or charge, at any time between the said tenth day of ORo-ber one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, and the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, in manner following 5 that is to fay, That such of the said annui- the an_ ties as were first fubfcribed in purfuanceof the before recited adl nuities firft" of the twenty third year of his Majesty’s reign, shall be fub- fubfcribed to fcribed into tne joint (lock of annuities, amounting to theprin-.be fubfcribed cipal fum of fourteen millions eight hundred fifty seven thou- a|°int fand nine hundred fifty five pounds eighteen (hillings and four mounting to pence; and such of the said annuities as were lad fubfcribed in 14,857,955!. purfuance of one other adt of the fame feflion of parliament,1 *s- 4■ and Jhall be fubfcribed into the joint (lock of annuities, amounting

♦a	*



364	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 27.	[1752,

^le joint flock, to the principal fum of two millions seven hundred thirteen amounting to thousand fix hundred feventeen pounds eighteen (hillings ; and a,713°	t^ie ^evera^ officers of the said governor and company who shall be

appointed to take in the said fubferiptions, or receive such con-

18 s,

in fubferip tions. Executors, &c. may fub-feribe.

Officers to at- fents as aforesaid, (hall, during the time aforesaid, conftantly tend to take attend at the said office for that purpofe, at such hours as but nefs is ufually tranfa&ed there.

XXII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for all executors, adminiftra-tors, guardians, truftees, committees of theeftates of ideots or lunaticks, and the accomptant general of the court of Chancery^ and the deputy remembrancer of his Majesty’s court of Excke-quer, and the attornies, reprefentatives or affignees of such executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees and committees, to make or caufe to be made fubferiptions in the book or books herein before mentioned, fignifying their confent to fubferibe the several and refpellive annuities herein before-mentioned, carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum and three poundsper centum per annum into the several and refpellive joint (locks of annuities aforesaid, for and on the behalf of their refpellive teftators, infants, minors, femes covert, ideots or lunaticks, and the fuitors of the court of Chancery, and of the said court of Exchequer, and others, for whom they are or shall be rcfpellively intruded ; and such executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees, committees, and the attornies, reprefentatives or affignees of such executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees and committees, and the accomptant general and deputy remembrancer, are and shall be, by virtue of this alt, indemnified in and for the doing the fame.

The tallies XXIII. And be it further enalted. That all and every the and orders to tallies and orders which shall be fubferibed for annuities, tranf-ferrable at the bank of England, in purfuance of this all, shall be delivered up by the refpeltive proprietor or proprietors thereof, or by his, her or their refpeltive attornies or reprefentatives, to the accomptant general of the bank of England, or to such person or persons who shall be employed by the governor and company of the bank of England, to take such fubferiptions, who is hereby impowered to give credit to the said proprietor, for fo much interest or fhare in the joint (locks of annuities refpellive-ly, to which the fame shall be fubferibed, purfuant to the di-reltions in this all before-mentioned and exprefled, as the said principal Turns in the said tallies and orders shall amount unto; and the tallies and orders fo fubferibed, shall be tranfmitted by th^^hequer ^ie ^ accomptant general, or other person or persons impower-

t	•	a/)	fnlf A IiiaU (n Klnri ntiAnc 0%o ^t/\S,a/oi/1 inf a fkft a rttAA Ar sKa

to be cancelled.

be delivered up to the ac ■compant general of

the

bank.

and to be tranfmitted to

ed to take such fubferiptions as aforesaid, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, to be there cancelled and made void.

Claufe of re-	XXIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enalled by the autho-

demption. • rity aforesaid, That at any time upon one year’s notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal £*-change in London, and upon repayment by parliament, according

V*

 t^.ooQle

3^5

T752.3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. 0.28, 29,

to such notice, of the said several and refpe&ive fums, or any part thereof, for which the said several and refpeftive annuities or any of them shall be payable, by payments not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at one time, in such manner as shall be directed by any future ad or ads of parliament in that behalf and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, fo much of the said several and refpedive annuities as shall be attending on the said principal fums fo paid off, shall ceafe, determine and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any vote or refolutioc of the houfe of commons, lignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inserted in the said London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this aft.

XXV.	Provided nevertheless. That no part of any of the Annuitiesfub-annuities which were fubfcribed in purfuance of the said two fcribed not reads of the twenty third year of his Majesty’s reign, shall be for^the*timet liable to be redeemed before the times therein respectively limit- iimited.

ed ; any thing herein contained to the* contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The first and That from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand laft fubfcribed seven hundred and fifty eight, the joint ftock of the first fub- old ^°.uth Sca fcribed Old South Sea annuities, with as much of the joint ft°ck be^onfoVidat-of the fecond fubfcribed Old South Sea annuities as shall be then ed5 unfatisfied, shall be made one joint ftock of Old South Sea annuities.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, and the Sew That from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand 8oVt.h Sca seven hundred and fifty eight, the joint ftock of the first fub-nmtAC** /bribed New South Sea annuities, with fo much of the joint ftock

of the fecond fubfcribed New South Sea annuities as shall be theh unfatisfied, shall be made into one new joint ftock of South Sea annuities.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for repairing the poft road from the .city of Edinburgh through the counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat-houfe Ford on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the said town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling : and also from Falkirk to Kilfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the poft road to the city of Glafgow. Certain tolls grantedfor si years,

CAP. XXIX.

An aft	for giving a proper reward to coroners for the due

execution of tbeir office and for the amoval of coroners upon a lawful convictionfor certain mifdemeanors.

WHEREAS the office of coroner is a very ancient and ne-cejfary office: and whereas by an	made in the third year

of the reign of King Henry the	Seventhreciting that coroners , Hen. 7. c. 1.

not, nor ought to have, any thing by the law for their office doing ; whichofu time bad been the occafm that coroners had been rtmifs in > .





Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 29. CI75a*

doing their office: it was ordained, That a coroner Jbouli have far his fee, upon every inquifition taken upon the view of the body flain^ thirteen /hillings and four pence, of the goods and chattels of him that is the /layer and murderer, if he have any goods j and if be have no goods, of such amerciaments as Jhould fortune any town/bip to be amerced, for the efcape of the murderer: and whereas the said fee of thirteen /hillings and four pence, due only upon an inquifition taken upon the vietv of a body fain or murdered, and payable only out of the goods and chattels of the flayer or murderer, or out of the amerciaments impofed upon the town/bip, if the murderer efcape, is not an adequate reward for the general execution of the said office: to tbe intent therefore that coroners may be encouraged to execute their office with diligence and integrity; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal and.commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Coroner to be That for every inquifition, not taken upon the view of a body paid 20 s. for dying in a gaol or prison, which from and after the twenty fourth every inquifi- day 0f June one thousand (even hundred and fifty two, shall be any townfliip ^uv ta*cri within that part of Great Britain called England, by contributing any coroner or coroners, in any townfhip or place, contributory to tbe county to the rates direded by an ad madfe in the twelfth year of the rat®*»	reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ail for toe more eafy

ine in gaol/	"Vetting and levying of county rates, the sum of twenty

and 9d. for (hillings ; and for every mile which he or they shall be compel-every mile he led to travel, from the ufual place of his or their abode, to tako shall be oblige inquifition, the further fum of nine pence, over and above to be paidout ^ ^um twen*y (hillings, shall be paid to him or them of the*county out °i any monies arifing from the rates before-mentioned, by rates 5 order of the juftices of the peace in their general or quarter fe(-fions aflembled, for the county, riding, divifion or liberty where such inquifition shall have been taken, of the major part of them 1 which order the said juftices of the peace fo aflembled,

> or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and direded to make ; for which order no fee or reward shall be paid to the clerk of the peace or any other officer, and for every	And xt ^urt*lcr enaded by the authority aforesaid,

inquifition on That for every inquifition, which from and after the said twenty bodies dying fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, in gaol, as the shall be duly taken upon the view of a body dying in any gaol thfn£Cfit-1 or prison, within that part of Great Britain called England, by ™	*	any coroner or coroners of a county, fo much money not ex-

ceeding the sum of twenty (hillings, shall be paid to him or them, as the juftices of the peace in their general or quarter feflions aflembled for the county, riding or divifion wherein such gaol or prison is fituate, or the major part of them, shall think fit to allow as a recompence for his or their labour, pains and charges in taking such inquifition, to be paid in like manner by orderof the said juftices, or the major part of them, out of any monies arifing from the said rates ; which order the said juftices of th# peace fo aflembled, or the major part of them, are hereby authorise^



3*7

,752*3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c.29.

thorized and diredted to make; for which order no fee or re-* ward shall be paid to the clerk of the peace or any other officer.

III.	Provided nevertheless, That over and above the recoin- and for inqui-pence hereby limited and appointed for inquilitions taken as j‘tl°nsfl°!1 a aforesaid, the coroner or coroners who shall take an inquifition ,^4 drover upon the view of a body llain or murdered, shall also have the and above, fee of thirteen (hillings and four pence, payable by virtue of the

faid adt made in the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, out of the goods and chattels of the flayer or murderer, or out of the amerciaments impofed upon the townihip, if the flayer and murderer efcape; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife nptwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it declared and enacted by the au- Coroner tak-thority aforesaid. That no coroner to whom any benefit is given ing more, by this adt, (hall, by colour of his office, or upon any pretext guil*y of ex* whatsoever, take for his office doing, in cafe of the death of anytortlon* perfon, any fee or reward, other than the said fee of thirteen (hillings and four pence, limited as is aforesaid by the said adt

made in the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, and other than the recompence hereby limited and appointed, upon pain of being deemed guilty of extortion.

V.	Provided likewise, and be it further enacted by the autho- Coroners for rity aforesaid, That no coroner of the King’s houihold, and of particular the verge of the King’s palaces, nor any coroner of the admi- pUces ex-ralty, nor any coroner of the county palatine of Durham* nor ^P^* any coroner of the city of London and borough of Southwark, or

of any franchifes belonging to the said city; nor any coroner of any city, borough, town, liberty or franchife, which is not contributory to the rates diredted by the said adt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, of within which such rates have not been ufually aflefled, shall be intitled to any fee, recompence or benefit given to or provided for coroners by this adt 5 but that it shall and may be lawful for all such coroners as are lad-mentioned, to have and receive all fuph fees, fa-laries, wages and allowances as they were intitled to by law before the making of this adt, or as shall be given or allowed to them by the person or persons by whom they have been or shall be appointed.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Coroner con-That if any coroner who is not appointed by virtue of an annual vi£ted of mif-eledtion or nomination, or whofe office of coroner is not annexed £iJdficer to to any other office, shall from and after the said twenty fourth ^ amoved.0 day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be lawfully convidied of extortion,- or wilful negledt of his duty, or mifdemeanor in his office, it shall be lawful for the court before

whom he shall be fo convidted, to adjudge that he shall be amoved from his office; and thereupon, if such coroner shall have been eledted by the freeholders of any county, a writ shall iflue for the amoving him from his office, and elcdting another co* roner in his ftead, in such manner as writs for the amoval or difcharge of coroners! and for eledting coroners in their (lead*

are.

 Goode

368

Anno vicefimo quirito GfioRGii II. c.30.	[ 175^

are in any cafes already directed by law: and if the coroner fo convidtea shall have been appointed by the lord or lords of any liberty or franchife, or in any other manner than by theele&ion of the freeholders of any county, the lord or lords of such liberty or franchife, or the person or persons intitled to the nomination or appointment of any such coroner, (hall, upon notice of such judgment of amoval, nominate and appoint another person to be coroner in his (lead.

CAP. XXX.

An all to amend an all made in the laft fejjion of parliament,

(intituled* An a dt for regulating the commencement of the year, and for corredting the calendar now in ufe.)

WHEREAS by an all of parliament made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of bis present Majesty* (intituled* An adt for regulating the commencement of the year, and for corredting the calendar now in ufe) it is among other things matted* That the natural day next immediately following the fcond day ^September, which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty two* Jhall be reckoned and accounted to be the fourteenth day of September, omitting for that time only* the eleven in-termediate nominal days of the common calendar* and that the days immediately fucceeding Jhall be called* reckoned and numbered forwards in numerical order* from the said fourteenth day of September, and that all meetings and ajfemblies of any bodies politick or corporate* either for the elettion of any officers or members thereof* or for any such officers entering upon the execution of their refpettive offices* or for any other purpoje which by law* charter* cufiom or ufage* are to be holden on any fixed or certain day of any month* Jhall from and after the said fecond day of September, be holden and kept upon or according to the fame refpettive nominal days and times whereon the fame are then to be holden; but which Jhould be computed according to the new method of numbering and reckoning the days of the calendar as therein mentioned, as by the said att may more fully appear : and whereas by the charters* cufioms or ufage of fome cities* boroughs* towns or other communities* or bodies politick or corporate* the elettion of officers* or the entrance of officers on the execution of their offices* or the doing of fome other corporate atts* may be fixed or required to be on fome certain nominal day or days of the said month of September,^//;/^ between the fecond and fourteenth days of the fame month* which said nominal days* are by the said att required to be dropt or omitted for this present year* fo that there will not in fatt be any no-minal days between the said fecond and fourteenth days of the said month of September for this present year* whereon such corporate atts can be done; and doubts have arifen whether such corporate atts #	may	be	done at all without a fpecial provifion for that purpofe* by au-

thority of parliament \ and incortvenicncies may poffibly enfue for want thereof ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled,

and

1752-] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII II. C. 30J	369

and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be law- The eleaion ful to and for all such bodies politick and corporate as aforesaid, totedoneiT^ and all and every the officers and members thereof, and they 0° uporTthcP and every of them are hereby required to do all such ads, as fame natural by any law, charter or ufage are appointed or required to be days of this done on any of the nominal days of or in the said month of Sep- y*a**only»a# timbery which by the said recited ad are direded to be dropt or ** orc* omitted for this prcfent year, upon the fame natural day or days^ of this year only, as such ads would, might or ought to be done, in cafe the said recited ad had not been made; and that all ads fo done in purfuance hereof Avail be deemed and are hereby declared and enaded to be as good and effedual to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were done on any of the nominal days fo dropt or omitted as aforesaid ; any law, ftatute, charter, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II.	And whereas in divers parts of this kingdom, by cuJlomy prefer ipl ion or ufagey or by virtue of fome law or contrary certain lands and grounds are to be opened ana ufed for common of paflure or other purpoftSy and the fame lands and grounds are again inclofed and /but upy and certain rents or other payments are due and payable f and fame, other matters and things may be to be done upon fome of the moveabU feajlsy or upon certain days or times depending upon or to be computed from the fame: and whereas the said moveable feaJU are hereafter to take placey and to be obferved according to the new calendar by the said aft direfted to be ufedy whereby fome doubts have already arifen9 or may hereafter arifty about the time for opening and ufmgy inclofing and Jhutting up such lands and grounds, the paying of such rents or other paymentSy and the doing such other matters or things as aforesaid ; for remedy thereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said fecond day of September The times for in the said year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and opening and fifty two, the refpedive times for opening, ufing, inclofing and hoofing {hutting up all such lands and grounds as aforesaid, for the pay- fJramon,°and ingof luch rents or other payments, and for the doing of such payment of other matters or things as aforesaid, if such times are depending rents, See. if on any moveable feaft orfeafts, shall be computed and take placethc famc de-aceording to the said new calendar, and the tables and rules in moveable*”* the said recited ad directed to be ufed, and not according to the feraft, are tobe method of fupputation heretofore ufed, or to the tables hereto- according to fore commonly affixed to the book of common prayer; and the cw temporary ana diftind property and right of all persons, bodieslcndac* politick and corporate, of, to and in all such lands and grounds,

(hall commence and be enjoyed, and all such rents and payments shall become and be due and payable, and all such matters and things shall be tranfaded and done accordingly; any law,, cuftom, prefeription or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and The title to enaded by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this ad f“ch ,anj4not contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to the abridg-a tcrcd*

Vol. XX.	B b	ing.



37°

Anno vicelimo qmnto GeoRGII II. c. 30.	[1752.

ing, enlarging; confirming or diering, the tide of any perfon, body politick or corporate whatsoever, of in or to any such lands or grounds, but the fame shall remain and continue the fame in all refpedts, (except as to the new computation of time when fiich refpe&hre right or the enjoyment thereof shall commence, or be put in ufe.)

IV. And whereat within the city of London the ufual and oc~ euftomed time of the annual meeting and affemNy of the citizens of the find city, for the admijjion and fwearing of the mayor of the fame city in the Guildhall there, bath been on the feaft day of Saint Simon and Jude, being the twenty eighth day of October, in every year5 and the ufual and accujhmed folemmty of presenting and fwear~ ing the mayor of the fame city in the court of exchequer at Wcft-minfter, hath been on the day next following the find feaft of Saint Simon and Jude, to wit, on the twenty ninth day of O&ober in every year: and whereas by the find in part recited aft it was enafted. That all meetings and afjemblies of any bodies politick or corporate, either for the election of any officers or members thereof or for any such officers entering upon the execution of their refpefthve offices, or for any other purpose whatsoever, which by any law,Jlatute, charter, cuftom or ufiage within tois kingdom, were to be holden and kept on any fixed or certain day of any month, fhould, from an	er the fit-

eond	ember	one thoufandfieven hundred and	two now

next 1	holden	and	kept upon or according to H m reflec-

tive nominal days and times whereon or according to which the fame were, at the time of making the said aft, to be holden: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the fame twenty fourth year of

*+Geo.i. c.48. re*&n °f bis present Majtfiy, intituled, An nA for the abbrevi

ation of Michaelmas term, it was enabled. That the said folemmty of presenting and fwearing the mayors of the said city of London, before the King or Queen of England, in thetr court of Exchequer at Westminster, or before the barons of the said court, after every annual eleftion into the said office, in the manner and form heretofore ufed, on the twenty ninth day of Odober, fhould, from and after the feaft of Saint Michael in the year of out: Lord one thousand seven hundred andfifty two, be kept and obferved on the ninth day of November in every year; be it therefore enacted by the authority

The annual aforesaid. That the said annual admiffion and fwearing of the admiffion and mayor of the said city of London, at the Guildhall there, mail not fwearing of at any time hereafter be had and performed on the said twenty the mayor of cjghth <jay Gf October 5 but the fame, and all annual meetings on S Nov.° an<i aflemblies for that purpofe, shall at all times hereafter be had, done and holden in the ufual and accuftomed manner on the eighth day of November in every year, being the day next preceding the said ninth day of November, whereon the said fo-lemnity of orefenting and (wearing the mayor of the said city in the court or Exchequer is appointed for the future to be kept and obferved as aforesaid, and not before; any thing in the said first recited adfc of parliament, or any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP.





175a.] Anno vicefimo quinta Georgii II. c. 31, 32.	371

CAP. XXXI.

An act to continue, explain and amend several laws more effeftually to

£ revent the fpreading of the diitemper which now rages araongft the orned cattle in this kingdom.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to allow the importation of gum fenega into this king-dom% from any part of Europe, upon the payment of a duty; and for relief of James Guthrie, with refpeft to the *duties paid and fecured upon a quantity of tobacco burnt at the port of Kircudbright •, and for giving further time for payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrafts of clerks and apprentices.

\\f HER E AS the printing of felksy linens and callicoes, is great-* * ly improved in this kingdom: and the value of the said manufactures is thereby confiderably inhanced, and the exportation thereof increafed: and whereas the printing of tbs said manufactures cannot be carried to perfection without a Sufficient quantity of gum fenega j the importation of which hath of late greatly decreafed, and the price thereof advanced to an exceffive rate, whereby it is become necejfary that feme provifion Jhould be made for the more effectual and conftant supply of that ujeful and valuable commodity, in order to encourage, support and extend the said trade: and whereas gum fenega cannot otherwise be imported into this kingdom than according to the rules prefcribed by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King ,

Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and in- uCar. a. c.sL creafing of (hipping and navigation : Therefore we, your Ma-jetty’s mod faithful commons, in order to support and extend the said trade, by allowing the importation of gum fenega from any place in Europe, fo as not to difeourage the importation of the said commodity from the places of its growth or produce, do mott humbly befeech your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s mott excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons in this present parliament af-femblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and af- Gum Senega ter the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty allowed to be two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty’s	of>m

fubjefts to import into this kingdom gum fenega, in British built Europe, (hips, navigated according to law, from any port or place in Europe, upon payment of the duty, and under the reftriftions and limitations herein after-mentioned; any thing in the said aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon payment there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for<* every hundred pounds weight of gum fenega, which at any time or times after the (aid tenth day of April one thousand seven bundled and fifty two, shall be imported or brought into this

B b 2	kingdom.





To be under the manaee-tof the

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 32.	[1752.

kingdom, from any port or place in Europe, by the importer of such gum fenega, before the landing thereof, a duty of ten (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or k(s quantity.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the said duty hereby granted and made payable, shall be railed,

commiflioner* lcvie<l and collected, by the refpeCtive officers of his Majesty*s ofthecuftoms. customs in this kingdom, under the management and direction of the refpeCtive commiffioners of the customs for the time being ; and that all and every the claufes, powers, directions, penalties, forfeitures, matters and things whatsoever, contained in an aCfc made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, Car. a. c. 4. intituled, A fubftdy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported^ or in any other laws or ftatutes whatsoever now in force for railing, levying, collecting, anfwering and paying the fub-lidy of tonnage and poundage thereby granted, mail be applied, praCtifed and put in execution, for raifing, levying, iccuring, cohering, anfwering and paying the duty by this aCt granted and made payable, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur-pofes as if all and every the said claules, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures were particularly repeated, and again enatfed, in the body of this prelent aCt.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That

Making a falfe if any perfonor persons shall enter, orcaufe to be entered, any entry,	gUm fenega as imported immediately from the place of its growth

or produce, or from any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, in order to avoid the payment of the duty by this aCt granted and made payable, which gum fenega shall afterwards appear to have been imported from fome port or place in Europe, theperfon or persons making, or caufing to be made, such entry or entries, shall forfeit all such gum fenega fo entered, and also double the value thereof, to be fued for and recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeCtively, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of ohe moiety to *aw> or more t*lan one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one the King, and moiety of the said forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and be the other to applied to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the ufe of the person or persons who shall fue or profecute for the fame.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That upon all dif-putes which shall arise touching the port or place from whence any gum fenega shall have been imported, the Onus Prcbandi shall lie on the importer, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties to be VI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That kept apart, to the money ariiing by the duty hereby granted and made payable be applied by ^the neceflary charges of railing the fame excepted) lhall from

to forfeit the fame, and double the value ;

the profecutor.

Onus Probandi to lie on the importers.

parliament.

time to time be paid into the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, diftinCtlv and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues,





373

17S2J	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. C. 33, 34.

venues, fubjclt and liable to the ufes, applications and purpo-fes, as shall by any future a ft or alts of parliament be directed or appointed.

VII.	And whereas thejhip Neptune^ Dumfries, James Stur-

Eon mafler^ being loaded with tobacco, and bound to the port of iepe in France, was on the fifteenth day of June one thousand /even hundred and fifty overfet within the limits of the port of Kircudbright, whereby a Quantity of tobacco, amounting to two hundred and twenty three thousand four hundred and eight pounds, was totally damaged and rendered ufelefs, the duties whereof had been paid and fecured at the said port of Kircudbright, by James Guthrie and company, merchants in Dumfries, and others, at importation, according to law: and whereas the whole of the said damaged tobacco was burnt in the fight, and by the direction of the officers of his Majefiy's cuflcms at the Jaidport ^Kircudbright, and no part there- Collectors of rffold or confumed in Great Britain 5 Be it therefore enacted by Kircudbright the authority aforesaid. That the coHe&or or other proper offi- to make a de-cer or officers at the said port of Kircudbright (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to make out and grant a proper tobacco be-debenture or debentures for the (aid two hundred and twenty longing to three thousand four hundred and eight pounds of tobacco, where- James Gu-by the said James Guthrie and company may be intitled to draw ^ back such part of the duties of the said tobacco as had been paid had been paid, at the importation thereof, and whereby the bonds or fecurities &c. granted for the remainder of the laid duties may be discharged and vacated, together with any interest become due thereon fince the said fixteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the fame manner as if the said tobaccoes had been then exported to parts beyond fea; and the said bonds and fecurities fo given, with the said intereft, shall from henceforth be discharged and vacated, and the fame are hereby declared to be discharged and vacated accordingly; any aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Time given to make payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for tendering the fame to be ftamped, &c.

cap. xxxm.

^An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the north fide of Rotbley Park wall to Sting Crofs, and to the High Crofs in Elfdon in the county of Northumberland. Certain tolls granted for a i years,

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the town of Birmingham, and hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the county of Warwick.

Bb3

CAP.

37+	Anno	viccRmo	quintoGEbRGii	II.	C*	35.	[1752.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for continuing the aft for encouraging tie growth of cofee in his Majesty's plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain regulations, fo much of an aft as relates to the Premiums upon the importation of tnajtsy yards and bowfpritSy tar, pitch and turpentine.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial^ and are near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed;	]

and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and I with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the vGeo t.c.14. *uth°rity of the fame. That an adl made in the fifth year of the for cncoiirkg- reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An act for encouraging ing the growth the growth of coffee in his Majesty s plantations in America) which of coffee, con- was to continue in force from the twenty fifth day of March one JVLirchiT*58> t^ou^ari^ seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the 5 , end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which by an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an a& made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, was further con- I tinued from the expiration of the said lad-mentioned term for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflioi) of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty | eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrelaid, That fo much of an adt made in the fecond year of his present Majesty (intituled. An act for the better preservation of his Majesty's woods in America; and for the encouragement of the importation of naval fiores from thence, Qfid to encourage the importation of maftSy yards and bowfprits9 from that part of Great Britain called Scotland) as relates to the Premiums upon mails, yards and bow-fprits, tar, pitch and turpentine; which was to continue in force So much of 1 from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hun-Geo. a. c. 35. dred and twenty nine, for the term of thirteen years, and to the as relates to en(j pf the then next session of parliament; and which by ano-onATimpor* ^er ma(*e *n the thirteenth year of the reign of his present tarion ot ~ Majesty, was continued until the twenty fifth day of December malts, yards one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the and bowfprits, en(j 0f the then next session of parliament; and which, by ano-turDenfineanii t^ier ^ mac^e *n the twenty fourth year of his Majesty*s reign, further conti- was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the mied to 15 twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and J^arcb 1758. fifty one, and from tfieope to {he en4 of the then npxt feffion

 L-ooQle

1752.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgII If. c. 36.

of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day oi March one thousand seven hundred and fifty eignt, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III.	Provided, That no bounty shall be paid on any tar, un-lefs each barrel shall contain thirty one gallons and one half, and that the officers who furvey filch barrel, shall not furvey the fame till the water shall be all drawn off, and every barrel filled up with tar.

CAP. XXXVI.

An all for the letter preventing thefts and robberies, and fo/r

regulating places of publish entertainment, and punijhing

persons keeping diforderly boufes.

TTI7HEREAS the advertifing a reward with no queJHons asked, * v for the return of things which have been loft or stolen, is one great caufe and encouragement of thefts and robberies; be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prerent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, any person publickly advertifing a reward with no queftions a(ked, for the return of things which have been stolen or loft, or making ufe of any words in such pubiick advertifement, purporting that such reward shall be given or paid without feizing or making enquiry after the person producing such thing fo stolen or loft, or promifing or offering, in any such pubiick advertifement, to return to any pawnbroker, or other perfon, who may have bought or advanced money by way of loan upon such thing fo stolen or loft the money fo paid or advanced, or any other sum of money or reward for the return of such thing; and any person printing or pub-lifhing such advertifement, shall refpcCtively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, to any person who will fue for the fame.

II. And whereas the multitude of places of entertainment for the lower fort of people is another great caufe of thefts and robberies, as they are thereby tempted to fpend their Jmall fubftance in riotous plea-fur es> and in confeqstence are put on unlawful methods of supplying their wants> and renewing their pleafures: in order therefore to prevent the said temptation to thefts and robberies, and to correct as far as may be the habit of idlenefs, which is become too genera] over ihe whole kingdom, and is productive of much mifehief and inconvenience; be it enaCted by the authority a-forefaid. That from and after the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, any houfe, room, garden, or other place kept for pubiick dancing, mufick, or other pubiick entertainment of the like kind, in the cities of London and Weft* minfter, or within twenty miles thereof, without a licence had for that purpofe, from the laft preceding Michaelmas quarter-fcffions cf the peace, to be holden for the county, city, riding,

B b 4	liberty

87S

Regulation to be obferved concerning tar.

The person advertifing a reward for the return of things stolen or loft, &c.

and the printer to forfeit 501.

Unlicens'd places of entertainment, deemed diforderly boufes.

37*

therein.

Perfon keeping the fame.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 36.	[	1752.

liberty or divifion in which such houfe, room, garden, or other place is fituate, (who are hereby authorized ana impowered to grant such licences as they in their difcretion shall think proper) fignified under the hands and fcals of four or more of the juftices there a(Tembled, shall be deemed a diforderly houfe or place: and every such licence shall be figned and fealed by the '	(aid juftices in open court, and afterwards be publickly read

by the clerk of the peace, together with the names of the juftices fubfcribing the fame; and no such licence shall be granted at any adjourned feffions; nor shall any fee or reward be taken Conftablcs for any such licence: and it shall and may be lawful to and for may feife per- any conftable, or other perfon, being thereunto authorized, by fons found warrant under the hand and feal of one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the countv, city, riding, divifion or liberty where such houfe or place (nail be fituate^ to enter such houfe or place, and to feize every person who shall be found therein, in order that they may be dealt with according to law: and every person keeping such houfe, room, garden, or other place, without such licence as aforesaid, shall forfeit the futn of tolorfeit 100I.one hundred pounds to such person as will fue for the fame* _	and	be otherwise puni(hable as the law diredts in cafes of dif-

orderly houfes.

jjeenfed pla- HI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the ctu to have an authority aforesaid. That in order to give publick notice what infeription o- places are licenfed purfuant to this adfc, there shall be affixed ver them, an(j fcept Up jn fomc not0rious place over the door or entrance of every such houfe, room, garden, or other place, kept for any of the laid purposes, and fo licenfed as aforesaid, an infeription jn large capital letters, in the words following; videlicet, LICENSED PURSUANT TO ACT OF PARLIAMENT OF THE TWENTY-FIFTH OF KING GEORGE THE and not to be SECOND; and that no such houfe, room, garden, or other opened before place, kept for any of the said purposes, although licenfed as a-5 m the even- fprefaid, shall be open for any of the said purposes before the hour of five in the afternoon; and that the affixing and keeping up of such infeription as aforesaid, and the said limitation or reftriflion in point of time, shall be inserted in, and made conditions of, every such licence; and in cafe of any breach of either of the said conditions, such licence shall be forfeited, conditions the ^nd shall be revoked by the juftices of peace in their next gene-revoked0 bC ra* or quarter feffions, and shall not be renewed ; nor shall any pew licence be granted to the fame person or persons, or any ptber person on his or their or any of their behalf, or for their ufe and benefit, diredlly or indiredly, for keeping any such houfe, room, garden, or other place, for any or the purposes aforesaid.

The theatres IV. Provided always. That nothing in this a<5l contained royal or per- shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the theatres royal in *°h?Jh** 1! &rury La?1* aru* Covent Garden, or the theatre commonly called crown or lord	King's Theatre in the Hay Market, or any of them; nor to

chamberlain, such performances and publick entertainments as are or shall excepted.	be

ing.

On breach of either of the



377

175*0 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 36.

be lawfully exercifed and carried on under or by virtue of letters patents, or licence of the crown, or the licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty’s houihold \ any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

V.	And in order to encourage profecutions against persons Conibble's keeping bawdy houfes,gaming houfes or other diforderly houfes, duty upon no-be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That if any two inha-

bitants of any pariih or place, paying fcot, and bearing lot there- bawdy houfe, in, do give notice in writing to any conftable (or other peace gaminghoufe, officer of the like nature, where there i* no conftable) of such *c. pariih or place, of any person keeping a bawdy houfe, gaming houfe, or any other aiiorderly houfe, in such pariih or place, the conftable or such officer as aforesaid, fo receiving such notice, shall forthwith go with such inhabitants to one of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the county, city, riding, divifion or liberty in which such pariih or place does lie; and ihall, up- * on such inhabitants making oath before such juftice, that they do believe the contents of such notice to be true, and entering into a recognizance in the penal fum of twenty pounds each, to give or produce material evidence against such person for such offence, enter into a recognizance in the penal fum of thirty pounds, to profecute with effect such person for such offence at the next general or quarter session of the peace, or at the next affizes to be holden tor the county in which such pariih or place does lie, as to the said juftice ihall feem meet; and such con- The charges (table or other officer ihall be allowed all the reafonable expences of profecuti-of such profecution, to be afeertained by any two juftices of the on, peace of the county, city, riding, diviiton or liberty where the offence ihall have been committed, and ihall be paid the fame by the overfeers of the poor of such pariih or place; and in cafe and 101. on such person ihall be convicted of such offence, the overfeers of conviftion to the poor of such pariih or place ihall forthwith pay the sum of two inhabi-ten pounds to each of such inhabitants; and in cate such over- tants, to be feers shall pegle& or refufe to pay to such conftable or other of- paid by the ficer such expences of the profecution as aforesaid, or shall ne- overfeers, gledfc or refufe to pay upon demand, the said fums of ten pounds and ten pounds, such overfeers, and each of them, shall forfeit	ty	°*

to the person intitled to the fame, double the fum fo refufed or doubled negle&ed to be paid.

VI.	Provided always, and beitenadled by the authority afore- Perfon keep-faid. That upon such conftable or other officer entering into ing such baw- % such recognizance to profecute as aforesaid, the said juftice of

the peace shall forthwith make Out his warrant to bring the per- ^°cr# u fon fo accufed of keeping a bawdy houfe, gaming houfe or other diforderly houfe, before him, and shall bind him or her over to appear at such general or quarter feflion or affizes, there to an-fwer to such bill of indi&ment as ihall be found against him or her for such offence; and such juftice ihall and may, if in his diferetion he thinks fit, likewise demand and take fecurity for such perfon’s good behaviour in the mean time, and until fuch

indift-



duty forfeits sol.

Who shall be deemed the

&c.

378	Anno	viccfimo	quinto	Georgii	tl.	c	36.	C,752*

indidment shall be found, heard and determined, or be returned by the grand jury not to be a true bill.

Con (fable ne-	VII. Provided alfo, That in cafe such conftable shall negled

fleeting his or refufCj upon such notice, to go before any juftice of the peace, or to enter into such recognisance, or shall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the (aid profecdEon, he shall for every such offence forfeit the Aim of twenty pounds to each of fucn inhabitants fo giving notice as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas, by reason of the many fubtle and crafty can trivanees of persons keeping baxodyAmfes^ gaming-boufes nr other diforderly noufes, it is difficult to prow who is the real owner or keeper thereof by which means many notorious offenders have efcapei punt/bment; oe it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That any person who shall at any time hereafter appear, ad or behave him keeper of such or herfelf as mailer or miftrefs, or as the person having the care, bawdy-houfe, government or management of any bawdy-houfe, gaming-houfc or other diforderly houfe, shall be deemed and taken to be the keeper thereof, and shall be liable to be profecuted and punifli-ed as fuch, notwithstanding he or (he shall not in fad be the real owner or keeper thereof.

Evidence may IX* Provided nevertheless, That upon any such proiecution be given by an against any person for keeping a bawdy-houfe, gaming-houfc or inhabitant, other diforderly houfe, any peribn may give evidence against the defendant or on behalf of the defendant in such profecution, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant or pariftiiooer of the said parish or place, or having entered into such recognisance as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That ablc^Ccrti- no *n(*^ment which shall at any time after the said first day of a e. y cr ~ june he preferred against any person for keening a bawdy-houfe,

gaming-houfe or other diforderly houfe, shall be removed by any writ of Certiorari into any other court; but such indi&ment (hafl be heard, tried and finally determined, at the fame general or quarter feflion or aflizes, where such indi&ment shall have been preferred (unlelis the court shall think proper, upon caufe (hewn, to adioum the fame) kny such writ or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XI.	And whereas many persons are deterred from profecutingpersons guilty of felony, upon account of the expence attending such profe* cationsy which is another great caufe and encouragement of thefts and.

, In profecuti- robberies; in order therefore to encourage the bringing offenders ons for felony; to juftice, be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That it fhaH make orden an^ may bq m the power of the? court, before whom any peribn for payment has been tried and convi&ed of any grand or petit larceny, or of the profecu- other felony, at the prayer of the profecutor, and on confidera-tor's expen- tion of his circumftances, to order the treasurer of the county cc#i	in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay unto

fuch profecutor such sum of money as to the said court shall feem reasonable, not exceeding the expences which it shall appear to the court the profecutor was put unto in carrying on Gerks fee for such profecution, making him a reasonable allowance for his luch order.	tifPC

&c.

Indi&ment

oran.

 v^ooQie

375

17 52.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 39.

time and trouble therein; which order the clerk of aflize, or clerk of the peace refpe<ftively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and to deliver unto such profecutor, upon being paid for the fame the sum of one (hilling, and no more; and the treafurer of the county is hereby authorized and requi-red, upon fight of such order, forthwith to pay to such profe- the order, cutor, or other person authorized to receive the fame, such sum of money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the fame in bis accounts.

XII.	And, for the better difcovering and bringing to juftice Jufticc* m*7 thieves, robbers and other persons maintaining themselves by oat^roguei pilfering and defrauding mankind 5 be it enacted by the autho- vagabonds * rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any and other dif-two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, in any coun- ®rdcrl>r Pcr" ty, city or liberty, in Cafe any person apprehended upon any ge- fon8 5 neral privy fearch, or by virtue of any fpecial warrant, shall be charged before them with being a rogue and vagabond, or an idle and diforderly perfon, or with fufpicion of felony, (although no diredt proof be then made thereof) to examine such person upon oath, not only as to the parifii or place where he was lad legally fettled, but also as to his means of livelihood; the fubftance of which examination shall be put into writing, and be fubferibed or figned by the person fo examined j and the said juftices shall likewise fign the lame, and tranfmit it to the next ge- ^ examina-neral or quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the fame	to

county, city or liberty, there to be filed, and to be kept on re- the feflions. cord $ and if such person shall not make it appear to such juftices, that be has a lawful way of getting his livelihood, or shall Perfon not not procure fome refponfible houfe-keeper to appear to his cha- gv>ng a fatif-radter, and to give fecurity for his appearance before such juftices	3cc~

at fome other day to be fixed for that purpose (in cafe the fame be committed! shall be required; to commit such person to (bme prison or houfe of corredtion, for any time not exceeding fix days; and in the and an ^vcr_ mean time to order the overfeers of the poor, or one of them, tifement to be of the pari(h or place in which such person shall be apprehended, publi(hed,def-to infert an advertifement in fome publick paper, defcribingcrib,n&hi8 such fufpicious perfon, and ary thing or things which shall have J£Jj J^ngs been found upon him, or in his cuftody, and which he shall be found on him. fufpe&ed not to have come honeftly by, and mentioning the place to which such person is committed, and fpecifying thetime and place when and where such person is to be again brought before them to be re-examined ; and if no accufation shall be then laid against him, then such person shall be discharged, or otherwise dealt with according to law.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, RCC0Veryo( That any person intitled to any of the forfeitures by tnis act im- forfeitures, poled, may fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejlmnji$r, in which it (nail be fuffi-cient to declare. That the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of	being forfeited by an a&, intituled,

An off for the better preventing theft; and robberies, and for regulating



3So

Cofts.

Limitation of aftions.

Aft to be in force for 3 years.

Made perpetual

by it Geo. a. e. 19.

Murderers to be executed the next day but one after fentence.

and their bodies to be delivered to Surgeons Hall.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c.37.	£1752.

lating places of pablick entertainment, and punijbing persons keeping diforderly boufes; and the plaintiff, if he recover in any such action, shall have his full cofts.

XIV.	Provided, That no aftion shall be brought by virtue of this ad, unless the fame shall be cotnmenced within the space of fix calendar months after the offence committed.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this ad shall continue in force until the expiration of three

I years, to be computed from the ’firft day of this feflion of parliament ; and from thence to the end ot the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXVIL

An act for better preventing the horrid crime of murder.

WHEREAS the horrid crime of murder has of late been more frequently perpetrated than formerly, and particularly in and near the metropolis of this kingdom, contrary to the known humanity and natural genius of the British nation : and whereas it is thereby become neaffhryy that fome further terror and peculiar mark of infamy be added to the punijhment of deaths now by law inflicted on fucb as /ballbe guilty of the said heinous offence: may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of Eajler term, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, all persons who shall be found guilty of wilful murder, be executed according to law, on the day next but one after fentence pafled, unless the fame shall happen to be the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, and in that cafe on the Monday following.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the body of such murderer fo convifted fhall, if such conviftion and execution shall be in the county of Mtddlefex, or within the city of London or the liberties thereof, be immediately conveyed by the fheriff or fheriffs, his or their deputy or deputies and his or their officers, to the hall of the Surgeons Company, or such other place as the said company shall appoint for this pur-pofe, and be delivered to such person as the said company shall depute or appoint, who shall give to the fheriff or fheriffs, his or their deputy or deputies, a receipt for the fame; and the body fo delivered to the said company of Surgeons^ shall be difleft-cd and anatomized by the said Surgeons, or such person as they shall appoint for that purpose : and in cafe such conviftion and execution shall happen to be in any other county or other pfoce in Great Britain, then the judge or juftice of aflize, or other proper judge, shall award the fentence to be put in execution the next day but one after such conviftion (except as is before excepted) and the body of such murderer mall in like manner be delivered by the fheriff, or his deputy, and his officers, to fuch

furgeon



3*i

1752*] Anno vicefifho quinto Georgii II. c. 37. furgeon as such judge or juftice shall direS for the purpose afore-faid.

III.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, Sentence to That fentence shall be pronounced m open court immediately be pronounc-after the convi&ion of such murderer, and before the court shall ^mjnediate-proceed to any other bufinefs, unless the court shall fee reafona- y'

ble caufe for poftponing the fame$ in which fentence shall be expreffed not only the ufual judgment of death, but also the time appointed hereby for the execution thereof, and the marks of infamy hereby dire&ed for such offenders, in order to im-prefs a juft horror in the mind of the offender, and on the minds of such as shall be present, of the heinous crime of murder.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That after such fen- The judge tence pronounced as aforesaid, in cafe there shall appear reafon- mayitay the able caufe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judge or execution, juftice, before whom such criminal shall have been fo tried, to

ftay the execution of thefentence, at the diferetion of such judge or juftice, regard being always had to the true intent and purpose of this a£h

V.	Provided alfo. That it shall be in the power of any such an(j appojnt. judge or juftice to appoint the body of any such Criminal to be the body to hung in chains : but that in no cafe whatsoever the body of any be hung in murderer shall be fuffered to be buried ; unless after such body F*)ains’ or.to shall have been differed and anatomized as aforesaid 5 and every anatomiz~ such judge or juftice (hall, and is hereby required to direA the

fame either to be difpofed of as aforesaid, to be anatomized, or to be hung in chains, in the fame manner as is now praAifed for the moil atrocious offences.

VI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, prif0nertobe That from and after such conviAion, and judgment given there- confined to upon, the gaoler or keeper to whom such criminal shall be de- Tome fell; livered for fafe cuftody, shall confine such prisoner to fome cell,

or other proper and fafe place within the prison, feparate and apart from the other prisoners; and that no person or persons a”d no“c whatsoever, except the gaoler or keeper, or his fervants," shall Joh^ve ac^eft have accefs to any fiich prisoner, without licence being first ob- without li-tained for that purpose under the hand of such judge or juftice, cence from before whom such offender shall have been tried, or under the	or

hand of the (heriff, his deputy or under (heriff.	lhenff.

VII.	Provided always, That in cafe any such judge orjuftice judge may r«. shall fee caufe to refpite the execution of such offender (o con - lax the raid demned as aforesaid, such judge orjuftice may relax or releafe reftraints, any or all of the reftraints or regulations herein before or herein

after directed to be obferved by the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such prisoner shall be confined, by any licence in writing figned by such judge or juftice for that purpofe, for and during the time of such ftay of execution; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, prif£ner to be That after fentence paffed as aforesaid, and until the execution fed with bread

thereof,

 i^»ooQle

and water, except, &c.

Gaoler making default to forfeit his office, and iol.

Penalty of ref-cuing a murderer.

Penalty of ref-cuing the body after execution.

This aft not to extend to 11 Geo. 1. c. 26,

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII 1I# c. 37.	[1752.

thereof, such offender shall be fed with bread and water only, and with no other food or liquor whatsoever (except in cafe ot receiving the facrament of the Lord’s tapper, and except in cafe of any violent ficknefs or wound, in which cafe iome known phyfician, furgeon or apothecary may be admitted by the gaoler or keeper of the said prison to adminifter neceffaries; the chrif-tianand furnameof such phyfidan, furgeon or apothecary, and his place of abode, being first entered in the books of such prison or gaol, there to remain) and in cafe such gaoler or prilon-keeper shall offend against or negleft to put in execution any of the directions or regulatiohs hereby enacted to be obferved, such gaoler or prison-keeper shall for (uch offence forfeit his office, and be fined in the sum of twenty pounds, and (offer imprifon-ment until the fame be paid.

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever shall by force fet at liberty, or rescue or attempt to refcue or fet at liberty, any person out of prison who shall be committed for, or found guilty of murder, or refcue or attempt to refcue any person conviftea of murder going to execution, or during execution, every person fo offending shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever (hall, after such execution had, by force refcue or attempt to refoue the body of such offender out of thecuftody of the (heriff or his officers, during the conveyance of such body to any of the places hereby directed, or shall by force refcue or attempt to refcue (uch body from the company of Surgeons, or their officers or (ervants, or from the houfe of any furgeon where the fame shall have been depofited in purfuance of this aft ; every person fo offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be liable to be tranfported toiome of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America for the term of seven years, in like manner as is directed by the laws now in force relating to the tranfporta-tion of felons; and shall be fubjeCt to the like puniffunent and methods of conviction, in cafe of returning into, or being found at large within Great Britain, within the said term of seven years, in all refpeCts, as by law other felons are fubjeCt to, in cafe of unlawfully returning from tranfportation.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing herein contained shall extend tore-peal or alter fo much of an aCt made in the eleventh year of bis late Majesty’s reign (intituled. An act for the more ejjeftual dif-arming the Highlands in that part ofGreat Britain called Scotland; and for the better securing the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom) as relates to the fufpenfion of the execution of persons convifted of capital offences within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the refpeftive times in the said aft mentioned; any thing herein before contained to the contrary neftwithftand-

 (^.ooQle

*752-] Anno vicefimoquinto Georgii II. C. 38,39.	383

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debt! within the borough of 8t. Albans, ih the county of Hertford, and the several towns, parities, wards, hamlets, and places within the liberty of St*

Albans*

CAP. XXXIX.

An a£l to obviate doubts that	mayarife upon an all made and

pajfedin the eleventh and twelfth years of the feign of bis late majesty King William the Third, intituled. An act to enable his Majesty’s natural born fubjefts to inherit the estate of their anceftors, either lineal or collateral, not* withstanding their father or mother were aliens.

H E R E A S in and by an afi of parliament made and pajjed

in the eleventh and twelfth yean of the reign of his late - »i A i» W. j.

w.................................... ........... ,

jefty King William the Thirds intituled, An a<51 to enable his Ma- c* jetty's natural.bqrn fubjefts to inherit the estate of their anceftors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens ; it is enafted, That all and every ptrfon or per-fons, being the King's natural-born fubjeft or fubjefts, within any of the King's realms or dominions, Jbould and might thereafter lawfully inherit and be inheritable, as heir or heirs, to any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeentfrom any of their anceftors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or father or mother, or other anceftor offuch person or persons by, from, through, or under whom he, Jbe or they Jbould or might make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or Jbould be bom out of the King's allegiance, and out of his Majesty's realms or dominions, as freely, fully and effeftuaUy, to all intents and purpojes, as if such father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other anceftor or anceftors by, from, through, or under whom he, Jbe or they Jbould or might make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalized or natural-born fubjefts: and whereas many doubts and inconveniencies may arise upon the said recited aft, in cafe of persons gaining capacities to inherit and derive their pedigrees by virtue of the said recited aft, after the deaths of their anceftors to whom they claim to be heirs, whereby estates weu vefted by defeent, mortgages, purchafes, andfettlements duly made, may be defeated: for remedy whereof be it enacted and declared by the King’s molt excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said ftatut£ shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or conftrued Hone to inhe-to extend to give any right, or title to any person or persons to *7* by the reinherit as heir or heirs, or coheir or coheirs, to any person dy-ing feifed of 'any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, ^ jn in pofleflion, reverfion or remainder, by enabling any such per- at thedeathof fon or persons to claim or derive his, her or their pedigree the anceftor through any alien anceftor or anceftors, unless the person or per-fens fo claiming or deriving his, her, or their title as heir or 1<1C

heirs,

’ (^.ooQle

384	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	II* c. 40.	[175*/

heirs, coheir or coheirs, was or were, or shall be in being, and capable to take the fame estate as heir or heirs, coheir or coheirs, by virtue of the said ftatute, at the death of the period who shall fo lad die feifed of such manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, and to whom he, (he or they shall fo claim to be heir or heirs, coheir or coheirs, by force of the said ftatute. If the defeent	II•	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afbre-

lhall be caft faid. That in cafe the person or persons who shall be in being, upon a daugh- and capable to take at the death of the anceftor fo dying feifed ter»	of any such honours, ‘manors, lands, tenements or heredita-

ments, and upon whom the defeent lhall be caft by virtue of this aft, or ofthefaid recited aft, shall happen to be a daughter or daughters of an alien, and that the alien father or mother, through father kc^ w^om ^ch defeent shall be derived by such daughter or daugh-lhall after-* ters> (ball afterwards have a fon born within any of "his Majef-wards have a ty’s realms or dominions ; the defeent fo caft upon such daugh-fon, the ter or daughters shall be diverted in favour of such fon ; and bc<$vefted° ^ich ^on (ball *nberit and take the estate in like manner as is al-v * lowed by the common law of this realm in cafes of the birth of and where no a nearer heir ; or in cafe such father or mother shall have no fon, the fon or Tons, but shall have one or more daughter or daughters daughters af- afterwards born within any of his Majesty’s realms or domini-SrnTnhis ons> daughter or daughters fo bom afterwards shall inherit Majesty's do- and take in coparcenary with the daughter or daughters upon minions shall whom the defeent shall be caft at the death of the anceftor laft jointly inherit, feized ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wi fe not withftanding.

CAP. XL.

An act for the application of a sum of money therein mentioned, granted to bis Majesty, for making compenfation and fatisjaftion to the royal African company of England,/ir their charter, lands, forts, caftles, Jlaves, military ftores, and all other their effeSs whatsoever \ and to veft the lands, forts, caftles, Jlaves and military ft ores, and all other their effeSs in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for other purposes in the a£l mentioned.

WHEREAS his late majesty King Charles the Second, by bis royal charter or letters patent, under the great feal of Eng-land, bearing date the twenty seventh day of September in the twenty fourth year of his reign, in confideration of the furrender of a former grant in the said Utters patent recited, did give and grant unto certain persons therein named, all and singular the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, coafts and places, lying and being within the limits and bounds in the said letters patent mentioned, that is to fay. Beginning at the port of Sally in South Barbary, inclujive, and extending from thence to cape de bona Efperanza, incmftve, with all the iftands near adjoining to thofe coafts, and amprehendei within the limits aforefatd : which regions, countries, dominionsy territories, continents, coafts and places, and iftands, had been tbereto-



3*5

I752*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40.

fore called or known by the name of South Barbary, Guinny, Bin-ny or Angola, or by fame or any other name or names, and which were or had been reputed, eJUcmed or taken to be part, parcel, or member of any country, region, dominion, territory or continent, within the limits ajorefaid; all and fingular ports, harbours, creeks, ijlands, lakes and places in the parts of Arrica, to them or any of them belonging; or being 'under the obedience of any King, fate or potentate of any region, dominion or country, within the limits aforesaid, to hold from the making the said letters patent for the term of one thoujand years* fubjefl to such conditions and refervations as therein mentioned \ and did in and by the said letters patent, incorporate the feveralpersons therein named, by the name of The Royal African Company of England, and did declare such grant andde-mife to be in trujl to and for the foie ufe, benefit and behoof of the royal African company of England, therein and thereby fo incorporated, and their juccejfors; and whereas the said royal African company ^England have, fince the granting the said charter, been at a very confiderable expence in re-building and enlarging several of their forts and cafiles on the coafis aforesaid, and have there ere tied, built and pur chafed, several new forts: and whereas by an ail of parliament made andpaffed in the twenty third year of the reign of hispre- 23 Geo. t. c* fent Majefiy, intituled. An a& for extending and improving the 3** trade to Africa, a new company was efiablijhed by the name ofTht . Company of Merchants trading to Africa ; and the better to uphold, maintain and defend all such forts, factories and fettlements, on the coajl of Africa, as then were ere fled, or thereafter fhould be thought  necessary to be ere fled, for the ficuring and better carrying on the said trade; it was enabled, among other things, That all and every the Britilh forts, fettlements and factories, on the coaft of Africa, beginning at cape Blanco, and extending from thence to the cape of Good Hope inclufive, and all other the regions, countries, dominions, teiritories, continents, coafis, ports, bays, rivers and places, lying and being within the aforesaid limits, and the ijlands near adjoining to thofe cgafis, and comprehended within thofe limits, which then were claimed by, or were in the poffeffion of the said royal African company of England, or which might be thereafter in the pojfejfionof the company thereby efiablijhed, Jhoullfrom and after the pajjmg of an afl of parliament for divefiing the faidAfrican company of their said charter, forts, cafiles, military (lores, canoe men, cafile Jlaves, and all other their property on thecoajt of Africa (their goods and merchandizes only excepted) be abfolutely vefied in the said new company efiablijhed by the Jaid afl, and their fuccejfors, to the intent and purpose that the said forts, fettlements and premijfes Jhould be employed at all times thereafter only for the protection, encouragement and defence of the said trade; and it was by the said afl further enabled, That the accountant general of the high court of chancery for the time being, and such two of the other mafiers of the said court, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain for the time being, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, or the lords commiffioners for the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, jhouldfrom time to time nominate for that puipofe, jhould be, and V91.XX.	Cc	they'



38 6

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII II. c. 40.	[175a.

they were thereby con/liluted and appointed commiffi oners for examining into the claims of the creditors of the said royal African companyy and to inquire and fate how and when the fame were rejpeftively incurred^ in such manner as in and by the said aft is direfted, together with their opinion of the jufnefs and rcafonablenefs of such debts ref-peftivslyy and to lay accounts of their proceedings before the parliament with all convenient fpeed: and whereas the commijfioners appointed by and in purfuance of the said aft did lay accounts of their proceedings before the parliament the laf feffion, but several claimi of several of the company's officers and fervants abroad, for falaries due to themy or for goods fold and delivered, and for monies laid out and expended for the said company's vfey for want of proper vouchers from abroad could not be examined into within the time preferibed for that purpose by the said aft : and whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the 4 Geo % twe,Ity fourth year of the reign of his present Majestyy intituled, 2^49* ° An aC* ^or aH°w*ngfurther time to thecommifiioners appointed by and in purfuance of an a& of the twenty third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act fer extending and improving the trade to Africa, to inquire into the claims of certain creditors of the royal African company therein mentioned, and for the relief of David Crichtony and for reftraining the said company from difpofing of such of their effe&s as are therein mentioned ; and for (laying all fuits for money due from or on account of the said company for the time therein mentioned ; it was enacted among other things, That all and every the powers, and authorities in and by the said above recited aft of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Ma jejly granted to and vefted in the said commiffioncrs appointed by or in purjuance of the said aft for enabling them to examine into the claimsy of the creditors of the said company , and fating tfte famey with their opinion thereeny fhouldy for the purpose s of examining into and fating the claims therein particularly mentionedy and no other, be and continue in full force until the twelfth day of January one thousand jeven hundred and fifty two, and the said commijfioners, or any two of themy were thereby authorized and requiredyfrom and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand ' seven hundred and fifty oney to proceed with all convenient fpeed upon the examination of the several claims of the several perjons thereafter named; and the said commiffioners were thereby required to clofe and ' finifi) their examination of all the said claims on or before the twelfth day of January then next enfuingy and to lay accounts of their proceedings before the parliament with all convenient fpeed: and whereas the said commiffwurs have laid accounts of their proceedings yvnder the fmd lafi recitedafty before the parliament: and whereas several otherfums of money are due and owing to several other persons from the said royal African company: and whereas captain Thomas Pye, commander of his Majesty's Jhip Humber, didy in purfuance of dir eft ions given him by the commiffioncrs for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for that purpose in the year one thousand fivtn hundred and forty niney to Jie a furvey of the forts and cafiles of the fetid . royal African company of England, on thecoafiof Africa, and of the quantity, number and quality of cannon and their military fimsy came



I752-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c.40.	3S7

me men, caJUe Jlaves, rtfwrr and vefjels then at each refpeftive forti Which belonged to the (aid royal African company of England, d particular account of which furvey is expreffed ami Jet forth in the firjl fchedule to this aft annexed, and whereas the said royal African company of England are witting to furrender all and fingulat their lands, forts, cajlles, fettlements, cannon, military /fores, canoe men, cajlle Jlaves, canoes and vejfels, together with the said charter, books of account, papers, contracts and agreements, and all their property, ejlate\ interejl, and effetls whatsoever, forfuch compenfation and fatisfaftion, and to be applied infuch mannner as herein ajter is expreffed and dire fled; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temr an df poral and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and veftcSTof their by the authority of the fame. That the royal African company of charter, fort** England, from and after the tenth day of April one thouland &c. seven hundred and fifty two, shall be, and they are hereby absolutely diverted of and from their said charter, lands, forts, caftles and military ftores, canoe men, caftle (laves, and all other their eftate, property and effects whatsoever; and that all and every the British forts, lands, caftles, Settlements and fa£tories oil the coaft of Africa, beginning at Port Sally, and extending from thence to the cape of Good Hope inclufive, which were granted to the said company by the said charter, or which have been lince eredted or purchafec! by the (aid company ; and air other the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, coafts, ports, bays, rivers and places lying and being within the afore-laid limits, and the iflands near adjoining to thofe coafts, and comprehended within the limits described by the said charter; and which now are, or at any time heretofore have been in the pofleffion of or claimed by the said royal African company of England, together with the cannon and other military ftores, canoe men, caftle (laves at and belonging to the said forts, caftles, fettlements and fa&ories, particularly mentioned and fet forth in the said first fchedule to this ad annexed (fuch stores as have been made ufe of in the  service of the forts, and such canoe men and llaves, as may have died fince the taking of the said furvey, only excepted) and also all contrails and agreements made by or for, or on the behalf of the said royal Af rican company, with any of the kings, princes or natives of any of the countries or places on the said coafts; and all other the property, estate and effeds whatsoever of the said royal African an£j the fame company (hall, from and after the fafd tenth day of April one veiled in the thoufond seven hundred and fifty two, be veiled in, and the company of fame and every of them are and is hereby fully and abfolutely merchant*

. verted in the said corporation called and known by the name of t0 , The company of merchants trading to Africa, and their fucceflors,1 freed and abfolutely difchargcd of and from all claims and de-. mands of the said royal African company of England, and their creditors, and every of them, and of all and e\ery person iprper-•. fons claiming under them, or any or either of them.

' II. Provided always* and it is hereby enacted, That the di- XT .

'	a	•	No other

:	_	;	lc2	.	•	-lefting

powers eon-



GoogI

3*8

ferred than what are granted by *3 Geo. a.

6. II.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII II. C.40.	[1752.

veiling the said royal African company of England of their char* ter, and vefting the said forts, fettlements and faftories, and all other the before-mentioned premifles in the said company of merchants trading to Africa, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to give the said company of merchants trading to A-fried, or their committee, any other right, privileges or powers, than such as are given to the said company of merchants, and their committee, by the said recited aft made and paffed ih the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty.

III.	And whereas it appears that a certain ijland fituate in the river Sierra Leon, on the said coajl of Africa, called Bance Ifland, with a fort and buildings theteon, having been formerly in the pojfef-fion of the said royal African company, was in the year one tboufemd seven hundred and twenty eight deferted by the said company and their agents; and the said fort for fome time pafl has been, and is now in the pojfeffion of Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofwald’ (/London merchants, who have dijburfed a confiderable fm in the preservation and improvement of the said ijland and fort; and f or which it is juft and reafonable they Jbould receive a recompense; be it therefore enafted, That they the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofwald shall be at liberty, notwithstanding this present aft, to continue in the quiet pofleflion of the said ifland, fort and buildings thereon, and that the fame shall from henceforth continue, and be absolutely veiled in them the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofwald, their heirs and afligns, to and for their own ufe and benefit; any thing herein, or in any former aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in rny wife notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for them the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofwald, or any of them, or their heirs or aftigns, to demife, grant or alienate their right and interest therein, to any pfcrfon or persons what-foever, being foreigners.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the ^^"witht^e authority aforesaid,That it shall and may be lawful to and for the confent of the company of merchants, and their successors, or their com-commtfllon- mittec for the time being, by and with the confent and appro-ers for trade, bation of the said commifl\oners for trade and plantations, or may raife mi- t^c majority of them, to authorize and impower such persons,

1 ry orces, as tjiey ^a[j thjnfc fit, a* any 0f the said forts, caftles, fettlements

and faftories, or elfewhere in Africa, to raife, arm, train and mufter such military forces, as to them shall feem requifite and neceflary j and to execute and ufe within the said forts, caftles, *	faftories	and	fettlements,	fuch rules and regulations for die de-

fence of the said places, and for the punilhment of offences committed within the fame, as from time to time shall be given them, by the said company of merchants or their committee, by and with the confent and approbation of the said coromiflloners for trade and plantations, or the majority of them, fo as fuch

iiunifhment shall not extend to the lofs or deprivation of life or jmb i and that it fcaU and may be lawful for the persons aotho-&	OMd

Bance ifland vefted in Alexander Grant, John Sargent and Richard Ofwald;

Provlfo that they grant not the fame to foreigners

Digitizechby boogie

1752.J Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40.

rizcd as aforcfaid, in any cafes where it shall be thought proper, to fend over in confinement, the person or persons of any offender or offenders, to be here tried according to the laws of this kingdom.

Vi. And for the more effectual encouragement of merchants that shall trade unto or refide in the places aforesaid ; be it en- and crc* adted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- court** ful, to and for the said company of merchants trading to Africa, or their committee, by and with the confent and approbation of the (aid commiffioners for trade and plantations, or the majo* rity of them, to eredt, conftitute and eftablifli a court or courts of judicature, to be held at such place or places, fort or forts, plantations or fadtories, upon the said coaff, as the said company shall from time to time diredt and appoint, for hearing and determining all caufes, the matter or matters whereof shall arise there, on account of mercantile or maritime bargains, buying, felling or bartering of wares; or bills, bonds, or promifes for payment of money, or mercantile or trading contradls, made, tranfadted or entered into upon the said coaff, concerning any person or persons refiding within the bounds and limits aforesaid.

VII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authori-ty aforesaid. That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (hall

have full power at his will and pleafure, from time to time, by any of the his or their (ign manual, to revoke ali such powers which shall powers, and be given to any persons, for raifing, arming and training the eftablifh other military forces, and all fiich rules and regulations, as shall be ^^ulatlons* given or eftabliffied, and to grant all military powers on the said * *

African coaff, and eftablifh such rules and regulations as he or they shall from time to time think fit; and also to revoke and repeal all such courts of juftice, as shall be eredted; and to eredt and eftablifh such other courts of juftice there, as he or they shall from time to time think fit.

VIII.	.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, porracr ^b-That all the contradts and agreements which have been made by tratts, &c. tq the said royal African company of England, with any of the Kings, be delivered princes or natives of any of the countries or places on the said over to the coaff; and also all deeds, writings, evidences or muniments, ncw CQMi)afly' books of account, and all papers of what kind or nature foever, belonging, or which did belong, to the said company, ihall, on

or before the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be delivered over by the said royal African company of England,, or their officers, fervants, agents and all other persons, who have or shall have the cuftody of them, or any or them, to the said company of merchants trading to A~ frica, together with an inventory of the books, contracts, agreements, deeds, writings and evidences above-mentioned, to be by them kept and preferved, for the benefit and protection of the said trade, forts and fettlements 5 and the said company of merchants trading to Africa are, from time to time, to produce and transit to the commiffioners hereafter mentioned, such of the flock books to be

C c 3	*	leidger,	produced to

39®	Anno vicefimo qu’into Georgii H. C. 40.	[	j 752^

the commif- leidger, and transfer books, of the (aid royal African companS ftoners. as they shall require.

I	IX. And for making a full compenfation and fatisfaction to

j'd.’tobeapl *hc royal African company of England, for their said charter, plied out of lands, forts, cattles, (laves, military (lores, books, papers, and the fupplies, all other their efte&s whatsoever j be it ena&edby the authority tfon to'thcf" af°re^a,c^» "That out of all or any the aids or fupplies granted to Pldcompany, his Majesty in this session of parliament, there may and fhalJ be applied and paid the sum of one hundred and twelve thousand one hundred and forty two pounds three (hillings and three pence, without account, to such performs and in such proportions, and in such manner, as is herein after particularly dired-ed and appointed.

whereof	X. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-

1,6951.3s. to faid. That out of the said fum of one hundred and tw elve thou-commMBoo-*16 knc*one hundred and forty two pounds three (hillings and three crs to itate* pence, the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s treafury^ or any three tne claims of or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three the creditors, or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time ban?, do iflue and pay, or caufe to be i (Tued and paid, the futh of one thousand fix hundred and ninety five pounds and three (hillings, to Richard Edwards efquire, and Edmund Sawyer efquire, two of the mailers of the high court of. Chancery y and John ff^apU efquire, one other of the matters, and also accountant general of the said court; being the commiffioners appointed to examine and ftate the claims of the creditors of the said royal African company, by an a6l of parliament of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for their trouble, and in la-tisfadlion of the expencefi of executing the said commiffion.

6 il ii s	Andlt ls hereby further enaetted by the authority afore-

7*d. to the1 * faW, That out of the said fum of one hundred and twelve thou-ereditors fet fand and one hundred and forty two pounds, three (hillings and forth in the three pence, the further fum of eighty four thousand fix hun-dule iCllC" dred an^ fi<^y two pounds, twelve killings and seven pence, be diftributed and paid to the several creditors mentioned and fet fortli in the lccond fchedule to this act annexed, in the refpec-tive fums and proportions in the said fchedule mentioned, in full . fatisfadlion of all and every their demands, s XII. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-5 d. to the faid, That out of the said fum of one hundred and twelve thou-personsnam- fand one hundred and forty two pounds, three ttiillings and ed m the	three pence, the sum of twenty three thousand fix hundred and

dule	eighty eight pounds, fifteen millings and five pence, be paid

and divided to and amongft the persons named in the third fchedule to this adt annexed, in the fums and proportions therein mentioned, being such of the proprietors of African transferable (lock, as were poflefled of the fame on the thirty first dsy of December in the year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty eight, the lame being compu ed to be at and after the .rate of ten pounds per antum on the said (lock, fo poflefled by

them



1752.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40.	^9*

them at that time, in full of all their right and title to the fame, or any part thereof.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, 1,105!. ns. That the sum of two thousand one hundred and live pounds, 3d. to the twelve (hillings and three pence, refidue of the said fum of one P"r°n^ nanl-hundred and twelve thousand one hundred and forty two pounds

three (hillings and three pence, be paid and divided to and a- dule, mongft the persons named in the fourth fchedufe to this adt annexed, in the fums and proportions therein mentioned, being such of the proprietors of African transferable ftock, as have become pofleffed of the fame fince the said thirty first day December one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, being computed to be at and after the rate of five pounds, per centum on the ftock fo pofleffed by them, in full of all their right and title to the fame, or any part thereof.	,

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, T. ..

That from and after the said tenth d >y of April one thoufand	/eafej

feven hundred and fifty two, the said royal African company of

England shall ceafe to be a corporation, and be incapable of doing or exercifing any corporate adt; and all claims and demands against the said company, or any of their officers, agents, or fer-vants, or other person or persons, for or in refpedt of any debt due, or pretended to be due from, or contracted for or on the betialf of the said company, are hereby declared to be null and ^ a|j void; and if any action, fuit or procefs is now depending, oron themde-(hall hereafter be commenced or profecuted for any such claims dared void; or demands as aforesaid, then and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to plead the general iflue, and give this adt in evidence may plead in bar thereto; *»>d if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or verdidt pafs the general against him, or Judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant &c* shall have full cofts.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflion-That the said Richard Edwards efquire, and Edmund Sawyer e- ers appointed fquire, two of the mafters of the high court of Chancery, and for two years, John Waple efquire, one other of the mafters, and also account-

ant general of the said court, or such other of the mafters of the cates to the high court of Chancery as may be hereafter appointed in purfu- creditor*, &c, ance of this adt, shall be, and they are hereby, conftitutcd and appointed commiflioners for the making out and delivering certificates to all and every the creditors of the laid royal African company of England, and the proprietors of their ftock, in the said fchedules particularly mentioned, and for other the purposes in this adt contained, for the space of two years, to be computed from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty two; and the said commiflioners or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required, with all convenient fpeed, to make out under their hands, or the hands of two of them, and to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to all and every the creditors of the said company mentioned in the fecond fchedule to this adt annexed, and to the several proprietors of African transferable ftock mentioned in the third and fourth fchedules to this adt an-

C c 4	nexed.

Certificates may include any number of creditors, under iqqI.

Creditors dying, or declared bankrupt, certificate to be delivered to the executors or aflignee*.

Creditors to deliver up on oath to the commiflioners all lecuri-ties.

Anno vicefimo quinto GboRGH II. c. 40.	£1752.

nexed, in refpeA of the fums in and by this aft direfted to hP paid to them refpeftively, certificates of what is due or allowed to them respectively as aforesaid, and to take proper receipts fo* the fame, in full fatisfaftion of all their claims and demands 00 the (aid company; in which said certificates, and each and every of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid com-’ miffioners to include as many of the laid creditors and proprietors, whofe demands shall be respectively under the Turn ot one hundred pounds, as they shall think fit; and shall and may make all and every such their refpeftive certificates in the name or names of the attorney or attornies of the said creditors or proprietors, for their ufe; provided such letters of attorney (hail be executed in the prefence of one or more of the said commiifion-ers, or in such manner as they shall direct.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any of the said creditors, proprietors or other per-fons, as aforesaid, are now dead, or hath been duly declared bankrupt, or (hall, before the making out and delivering of such certificates as herein before direfted, happen to die, or be duly declared bankrupt, then the said commiflioners, or any two of them, shall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the executors or adminiftrators of such creditor, proprietor or other perfon, as a-forefaid, fo dead or dying, as aforesaid, or to the affignee or afiignees of the efiate and effects of such creditor, proprietor or other perfon, as aforeiaid, fo declared, or to be deebrod, bankrupt as aforesaid, the certificate or certificates herein directed to be made out as aforesaid, pnd to which such creditor, proprietor or other perfon, as aforesaid, would have been respectively intitled.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the .V hority afbre&id. That all and every the said creditors of the said company, and proprietors of their (lock, on receipt of the certificates herein before directed to be made out and delivered to them refpeftively, shall and do, upon their refpeftive corporal oaths, which the laid commiflioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter for that purpofe, produce and deliver up to the said commiflioners, or any two of them, as aforesaid, all and fingular the bonds, bills, notes, receipts or other fecurities whatever, relating to their refpeftive debts, which at the time of the examination of the claims of the said refpeftive creditors by the (aid comniiflioners, were produced before them, or which, at the time of receiving the said certificates, shall be in the hands, cuftody, power or pofiefiion of die said creditors refpec-tively, or of any person or persons in truft for them ; which said several bonds, hills, motes, receipts Qr other fecurities, fo to be .produced and delivered up as aforesaid, the said commiflioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required forthwith to cancel and deftroy, and the said commiflioners are hereby impowered to (lop and retain the certificate or certificates of rlnch creditor or creditors, as shall not deliver up the fecurities to thpir fatisfaftion or as they shall require.

XVIII. Aqd



*75* •] Anno vicefimo qninto Georgii II. c. 40.	393^

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Creditors to That for the purposes aforesaid, all and every the said creditors attend the of the said company, and the said proprietors of African trans- ers^oewdhig ferrable (lock, or the executors or adminiftrators of such of them to notice in 8 as are dead, or may hereafter die, or the affignees of such of the London them as are or may be duly declared bankrupt, shall attend Ga«tte. the laid commiflioners on such days and times, and at such place

within the cities of London or Weftminjler, or the fuburbs thereof, as the said commiflioners, or any two or more of them, shall from time to time appoint $ of which notice shall be given in the London Gazette.

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid.

That the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three Trca(h,y or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three [Sestet.0*** or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowerfcd on tender to them of the certificates herein before directed to be made out by the said commiflioners, or any two of them, to iflue and pay, or caufe to be ifliied and paid, to the person or persons named in the said certificates, the several Turns in the said certificates refpedtively contained.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, 0n death That in cafe of the death of two of the said commiflioners, or of commiffion-any other commiflioner to be hereafter appointed, by and in ers others to purfuance of this adl, such other matter or matters of the said be appointed, court of Chancery, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain

for the time being, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, or the lords commiflioners for the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, shall from time to Proceedings time nominate for that purpofe, shall be, and he or they is and to be laid be-are hereby conttituted and appointed a commiflioner or com- fore parlia-mifikmers for the purposes in this adl contained ; and the said ment* commiflioners are hereby required to lay accounts of their proceedings before the parliament.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-forefaid. That the said company of merchants trading to Africa, The °* and their fucceflors, shall and do, ancl they are hereby required, * * ° to be*" with all convenient fpeed, to fell and difpofe of all and every the fold, goods, wares and merchandize of the said royal African company of England, which now are or hereafter (nail come to the

hands, cuttody or pofleflion of the said company of merchants, their agents, officers or fervants, (the military (lores, (laves, canoes and veflels, in the first fchedule to this adl annexed, excepted) for the beft price that can be got for the fame; and that the said company of merchants do every feflion of parliament, until the whole lnall be difpofed of, lay before both houfesof^^**-^ parliament an account of the difpofition of the said goods, wares jajd before and merchandize.	parliament.

XXII.	And it is hereby further enadled, That the said com-mUfioners shall and may take for each certificate from the parties thc

obtaining fiontrs



39+

making out the certificates.

Creditors to pay 11. per cent, to Robert Myre, WilliamMills and John Leapidge, for ioliciting tkeir debts.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 40.	[	1752.

obtaining the fame, a fum not exceeding the rate of two pounds per centum, upon the money contained therein, where the fum shall not be more than one hundred pounds; and a fum not exceeding one pound per centum, where the money contained therein is above one hundred pounds, and not exceeding one thousand pounds; and a fum not exceeding ten (hillings per ' centum, where the money contained therein does exceed one thousand pounds ; which refpeftive fums, and no more, the said commiffioners shall and may demand and take, in full recoin-pence for all trouble and experices which they, their clerks, a-gents or fervants, shall be at in the execution of the powers thereby given them.

XXIII.	And whereas at a general meeting of the creditors of the said royal African company, held thefourth day 0^ March which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, the following creditors, to wit, Robert Myre of London merchant, William Mills of London merchant, and John Leapidge ^London ftationer, with others, were chofen and appointed by the Jaid creditors to foheit a fatisfaftion, for the juft debts due and owing to all the creditors of the said company : and whereas it is juft and reafoliable that all the said creditors Jhould contribute to the, charges and expends of futh felicitation, and also to a proportionable part of the charges and expends of obtaining and pafttng the said ait of the laft fejjion of parliament, and this present aft; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every creditor of the (aid company, whofe name is exprefled in the feebnd fchedule to this aft annexed, shall pay to the said Robert Myre, IVilliam Mills, and John Leapidge, or one of them, a contribution at and after the rate of twt> pounds per centum,- for or upon the fum in the * said fchedule exprefled, to be allowed to him or her refpeftive-ly, to be by them the said Robert Myre, William MiUs, and John Leapidge, applied in payment of all such charges and ex-jptnees, as they on behalf of themfelves, and the reft of the said creditors, have been or shall be at in foliciting and obtaining the fatisfaftion aforesaid, and in re-payment of all such contributions as have been heretofore paid by the said creditors, or any of them, to them the said Robert Myre, IVilliam Mills, and John Leapidge, or any of them, and also in payment of a proportionable part of the charges and expences ot obtaining the said aft of parliament parted the laft fefflon, and of the charges and expences of parting this present aft, in such manner as lhall be adjudged and direfted by the said comimi (boners', or any two of them, in writing under their refpeftive hands; and no one of the said creditors shall have, of be intitled to have, a certificate of or for his or her said debt or claim from the said commiffioners, or any of them; by virtue of this aft, until he or (he shall produce to such commiflioners, a note in writing under the hands of the said Robert Myre, IVilliam Mills, and John Leapidge, or one of them, expreffing the receipt of the said contribution ; and the said Robert Myre, IVilliam Mills, and John Leapidge, shall on or before the tenth day of May which shall be in the

year





I752*l Anno viccfimo quinto GeoRGH II. C. 40.	395

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, or within three calendar months next after all the contributions a-forefaid shall have been paid in as aforesaid (if the fame shall be (boner paid) lay and fubmit an account thereof, and of their payments and di(burfements, in writing under their hands, before the said commiflioners for their examination and allowance; and shall difpofe of the ballance then remaining in their hands (if any) in such manner as the said creditors at a general meeting to be fummoned for that purpofe, by advertifement in the London Gazette, or the major part in value of the creditors pre-fent at such meeting, shall refolve, agree or direft.

XXIV.	And whereas there is a confiderable sum of money due to William Newland, the folicitor of the royal African company, for his fees, labour and dijburfements in divers folicitations, for and oU account of the said company, in their general bufmefs fence the one and thirtieth day of December one thoujandfeven hundred and forty nine: and whereas it is juft and reafonable, that all the proprietors of the transferrable flock of the said company, fhould contribute to a proportionable part of the charges and expences of obtaining and paffeng the said aft of the lafl fefeion of parliament, and also of this prejent aft; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That each and propr;ctorj of every proprietor of the said company, whofe names are exprefled transferrable in the third and fourth fchedules to this aft annexed, shall pay (lock to pay to John Vaughan efquire, Solomon AJhley efquire, Bibye Lake, c-	Pcr cc.nt*

fquire, captain Thomas Collett, and Samuel Exell gentleman, or payment of one of them, a contribution at and after the rate of two pounds the company’s feer centum, for and upon the refpeftive fums in the said refpec.- folicitor, &c. tive fchedules expreffed, to be payable to the persons therein mentioned, to be by them the said John Vaughan efquire, Solomon AJhley efquire, Bibye Lake efquire, captain Thomas Collett and Samuel Exell gentleman, applied in payment of such fums of money as are now due to the said IVilliam Newland, on the account before mentioned ; and in payment of a proportionable part of the charges and expences of obtaining the said aft of parliament parted the laft feflion, and of the charges and expences of parting this aft, in such manner as shall be adjudged and directed by the said commiflioners, or any two of them, in writ* ing under their refpeftive hands; and no one of the said proprietors shall have or be intitled to have a certificate, of or for his or her said (hare and proportion from the said commiflioners, or any of them, by virtue of this aft, until he or (he lhall produce to such commilfioners a note in writing under the hands of the said John Vaughan efquire, Solomon AJhley efquire. Bibye Lake e-fquire, captain Thomas Collett and Samuel Exell gentleman, or one of them, expreffing the receipt of the said contribution 5 and the said John Vaughan efquire, Solomon AJhley efquire. Bibye Lake e-fquire, captain Thomas Collett and Samuel Exell gentleman, (hall, on or before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, or within three calendar months next after all the contributions aforesaid shall have been paid in as aforesaid, ^^burtons (if the fame shall be fopner paid) lay an account thereof, and of are paid in, an

(heir account there?

$9$

of, and of the disburfe-xnents, to be laid before the comnuflion-

General iffue.

Publick ad.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. 0.40.	[1752.

their payments and difburCements, in writing under their hands, before the said commiffioners, for their examination and allowance ; and shall difpofe of the balance then remaining in their hands (if any) in such manner as the said proprietors at a general meeting to be fummoned for that purpofe, by advertisement in the London Gazette, or the major part of them in value, pre-fent at such meeting shall dired and appoint.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaded by theauthority afbre-faid, That if any adion or actions shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons, for what he or they shall do or caufe to be done in purfuance of this ad, then, and in every such cafe, such person or persons shall and may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad and the Special matter in evidence ; any law or ufage to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That this ad shall be taken and deemed to be a publick ad, and shall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, ju-ftices, and other perions whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the feme.

*754<1 Anno vfcefimo quinto Georgii II. c.40.	397

The Firfi SCHEDULE referred to this Act.

An Account of the Caftle Slaves, Canoe Men, Military Stores, Canoes and Veflek belonging to the Royal African company of England, at their several Forts on the Coaft of Africa, according to the Surveys made by the Order of Thomas Py<9 Efquire, Commander of his Majelty’s Ship Humber, in the Year 1749.

Cape Coaft Caflle.



I f

5:	3

s s

?	7

PS

O 3

o

o_

c.

Q

w

T5

pa

11 Cl O •n -t co (A CO

O

rr

n

o

o

5*

sc o	o

p o	c

* p-

o 2.

1*

W DO > W

3 aa



w> s

<

8

	S N Ov VO	*» M  O V| ** V|	M u.	U* ** VOW	IO  7  3	55  0
						O
M	►»	M ^ U» M	H w H u*	M cn tn + t» (*	•f* Ui O t* w	c  5  m
•»	OvvO *»	ww ^ ©V	*•* ©V NO	oa m 9s Os so Os	'O M W NO n	Pound.
n n j  * W «	At Fort Royal difraounted and nailed up.	Brafs on the Parade.  In the Spun un-ferviceable.  Brafson the Lieutenants Room*	On Greenhill 1 Point.  i 1	ttion.  On the S. W. Round Baftion.  On the N. W.  Baftion.  On the N. £. Baftion.	On the Platform On the S. E. Ba-	Where mounted.
sp.S s » • *1						■ urn  cr  .*
1 1						1 ?
					w	
	•				oolb.  dama-  ged.	1
					?>/?>?  *M"|	1
					♦ Ji 1	1 5
Nf filial  2 ? 1 I T -v* T S'						vg  X ss
				It H |)  H M On On ^ 9		1 ?
				sp> r.  OOOO		J  J
				■ id m * w M		1 s





*

in o'

£• Fortj.

$■ 4

d §

•	«v

S3

S ^ o «

o -----

w

O

S

.2

0

cr

1

Caftle Slaves,	N°  1  10  6  5	Guns.	Pound,	Where mounted.	Shot.	N*	Powder.	Mufquets	N°  6  6  10  9  3°	MilitaryStorcs.	n* ;
		7  z  2  3 2 1  1  2  3	i\  4 J  t!	S. W. Baftion. S. E. Baftion.	From 9 Pound ers to 2 Pounders	1	39olb.	Mufquets Bayonets-Car- ^ touch I Boxes ) Buck- n aneer V Guns J Danes 1 Guns 3		Granado Shell* Formers—	4*  6  2 6  30  53«lb.  347  3
ttonifo Boy											L VA lllvA O  Copper Ladles Swords—		
Siwj ei 5> -■ ■ ■ ■										Fathom 2 A 7 in Rope y Lead Ball- —	
											
III HU Cl 1 -										Gun Flints	  Iron Barrs		
Men		5	X	91		From 2					Po\* der liorns-	«
		3		N. Baftion.	pound-	7				Priming wires-	13
Women 			2	2	i5		ers to 6	V}6o	none.	Mufquets	6	Brafs Ladles—	2
		3	+1		pound-	\				Worms		7
Children		3			W. Baftion.	ers	J					Fathoir
		1								Country Match	40
		2	♦ 7							Coehorn		1
		1	M	S. Baftion.						Bayonets		6
		3	j ;							Swords		6
		7  2	;}	E. Baftion.			I				
		3  1  1	11	N. E. Curtain.			1				

VelTcls.

A

13 hand

Canoe , 7 hand Do 5 hand Do 3 hand Do

N*

c?

o

O

8

o

c

c

<

s;

OS



Co

11 hand Canoe 3 hand Do

11 *

)o I 1

CO

ON

cn



Sawyers------

Carpenters —

Smiths-------

Mafons------

For all Ufes-

Sick--------

8

z

3

2

5

2

Swivel

3

n

u

4

4

10

4

S. Platform.

N. E. Baftion.

S. W. Baftion.

S. E. Baftion.

S. W. Platform. N. W. Baftion.

Differ1 Sizes from 3 pounders to 6 pounders

>«

5°

1041b.

Mufquets

Copper Ladies-Worms—

Formers-------

Match —

Mufquet Ball— Swords —

Bayonets -----

Cartouch Boxes Halbert-------

2 6

3

50II).

3

6

6

6

1

5 hand ) Canoe ) 2 hand Do-



	Name* of  Fort*.	Caftle Slave*.	N*	Guns.	Pound.	Where mounted.	Shot.	No	Powder.
ON  On		Men—		6	2  I	U	S. E. Battion.	From i pound-	]	3 C. wt
co		Women-—	4	I	9 J		er to 9	V241	
	6			3  2	4 + 1	S. W. Baftion. N. E. Baftion.	pound-  ers	i	
					i c				
				2  I	* J 4)				
	g  5S				if	S. W. Baftion.			
				I	IS				
r •  o	R			2	4 )	Unferviceable in			
				I	4 J	the Tower.			
(J						N. B. All hardly			
1						fit for ufe.			
			8		'if		From 3		
>—<		Men — -		I		S. E. Baftion.	pound-	]	
O		Women		5		<		er to 6	>*97	2 C. wt.
ps				I	8 3		pound	\	
o  w  O	-si			1  2	a	S. W. Baftion.	ers.	J	
o	«			I	8?				
.S  '3	i			I  1	if	N. E. Baftion			
cr				3	3	N. W. Baftion.			
o					3	Platform.			
£				2	i	Over the Gate.			
cg					i *				
		iv /r	‘7	_	A ^		From i	a	
* ^		Men --- ---.		3  I	9?	N. W. Baftion.	pound	(	
	^ ~	...	*5		' S		er to 9	>600	5 C. wt.
o		vv omen				4		pound  ers.		
g  G		Children		4	2	61	N. E. Baftion.		)	
<				3	4 )				
	<3	Canoe men —	6						
-)	W.  v»			i  3	a	S. W. Baftion.			
r—i		I		2  2	a	S. E. Baftion.			
Cl		\			j i				
IT		l		8	6 i	Phffitrm.			



Mufqoet*	N#  6  3	Military itores.		Veflels.	N»
Danes 1 Guns. J Cutlafles--		Granadoes — Copper Ladies-Worms—  Country ?  Match J Powder Horn	30  i  Fathom  10  i	None.  3  'j	
					
Muf- ")		Hand Gra- \			
quets /		nadoes • J	8	None.	
with I	5	All forts of }			
bayo- f netsand \		military f stores f			
flings Swords—	5	wanting J			
		Hand Gra- 7		7 hand 3	
Mufquets*	6	nadoes J	5°	Canoe f	X
		Spunges 		3	5 hand D°	I
-		Worms		8	3 hand D^,	r
		Copper Ladles	i		i'
				. t -	
		•		/  1	



Kmvo vta&nft	Geougii H. c.	40.	[1752.

Names  of  Forts.	C.itile Slaves.	No  31  46  *7  11	Guns.  7  ft  ft  3  ft  1  1  ft  3  7  2 2 1	1  o’  H  !1  4	Where mounted.	Shot.  From 2 pounders to 9  pound-  ers	No	Powder.	Mufquet*	No	Military Store*.	No	VcfTcls.	N«  I
Why dab.  \	Men	  Women-	  Children	  Canoe Men—				S. W. Bailion. S. E. Bailion.  N. E. Bailion.  N. W. Bailion. Parade.		|38o	140 lb.	Mufquets Blun- > der- I bufles 1	56  5  1  1	Copper Ladles	6  ft	1 Eleven hand / Canoe, f  bad 3	
											i			
				*1	N. W. Bullion,	Of leve-		Barrels,					Qloonc m 1	
	Sawyers		4	5	6C	one of the 4	ral dif-		N° 12,			Match- —	0	vJiUv'UJj L \J 1  pqrh 1	
	Carpenters —	4	2	4 V	pounders out of	ferent	> 900	Mufquet	Muf-		Hand-fpikes-	17	IvlIJ v »LU \  nml r 1	ft
•				3	repair.	Sizes	3	Cart rid g	quetsin I		Kammer- 7		Guns J	
. r*	Smiths		4	4	6	N. E. Bullion.			es filled,	verv V		heads t	9		
				■)	S. E. Baltion, the			200.	baa re- 1		J  Cordage		0	Long Boats	4
S	Mafons		2	5		4 pounders very				pair J		Iron Crows--	0	Canoes		4
O	For all Ufes—	43	1	4 \	bad, and 2				Coehorns	2				
/»					Guns wanting.									
	Sick:-	5	5	6l	S. W. Bullion, 1									
j			1	4 5	Gun wanting.									
			4	24 J	N. Half									
**»			1	J	Moon.									
2			3	9 I	W. Half									<*
§			J*	24 )	Moon.									
			St	7	Swivels un-									
			*5	0 J	mounted.									
			8	0	Not fit for ufe.							1		

The Gun Carriages in good	Repair,the Trucks mojl of them Iron •, but in want of all Military except

S.	what	is	mentioned	tender	that	Article,

jy

c?

o

0



401

*75*-] Anno vicefitnoquinto Georgii IL c. 41.

Tbe Second SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

/. d.

To George Arnold efquire, and company, the sum of 1321/. 15 s.and also the sum of 500/. making together the sum of —1



1821 15 0 £SV.

The Third SCHEDULE referred to in this AcT.

Stock. The fum of

/.	.	/.	r. </.

To John Ajb of Alderbroke, for 6 17 6 o 13 gfsV.

The Fourth SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

Stock.	The fum of

/. 1. </.	1. s. d.

To Solomon AJhley efquire, James }	.	„

WtJlminJUr,, for - * 350 0 o

CAP. XLI.

17 10 o

annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the . rr^wi unalienably ; and f or making fatisfaftion to the lawful creditors thereupon ; and to eftablifh a method of managing the fame ; and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the high* lands of Scotland, and preventing diforders there for the future.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his Ma* ao Geo. *« jefty's reign, (intituled, An aCt for veiling in his Majesty the c. 41. estates of certain traitors; and for the more effectually difcover-ing the fame; and applying the produce thereof to the ufe of his Majesty ; and for afcertaining and fatisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon) it is (among other things J enafted, That in cate his Majesty y his heirs and successorsy Jhall not make effectual provi-fion for the payment and fatisfaftion of all such debts and claims upon the ejlates real and perfonaly by the said aft vejled in his Ma-fifty* as jhall be decreed to be juft and lawfuly in the manner by the Jaid aft direftedy within the Jpace of twelve months after the fame Jhall be respectively adjudgedy then it Jball be lawful for the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, or any three of themy and they are hereby required to felly or caufe to be foldy fo much of the estates of the attainted perfonSy as they Jhall judge necejfary to be fold for fatisfaftion of the debts and claims affefting the jamey and apply the money arijing by the falc thereof rejpefti'belyy in difcharge of the several debts or claims to which they Jhall be adjudged to be liable : provided neverthelejsy That if his Majesty, bis heirs or fuccejfors*

Jhally after the expiration of the said timey make effectual provifion	.	-

for the payment or fatisfa ftion of all the debts or claims upon any fuch	*

eftatey and Jhally before the fame is foldy by warrant or warrants	*.	^

under his or -their fign manualy at any time or timety dir eft any fuch	*

Vol.XX.	Dd	(JlqUi	7





so Geo* !• e. 50.

10’Geo. s* e. 51.

#

Certain forfeited eftatet annexed to the crown unalienably,

Anno vicefimo quinto Geokgii II. C«41#	[1752.

00/ be fold, then the Paid barons Jhall not proceed in the Jdle of any efates fo prohibited to be fold: and whereas by another a8 of the twentieth year of the King, (intituled, An a£t foe taking away the tenure of wandholding in Scotland9 and for converting the | fame into blanch and feu-holdings; and for regulating the ca-fualty of non-entry in certain cafes $ and for taking away the cafualties of fingle and life-rent efeheats incurred there, by ' horning and denunciation for civil caufes; and for giving to heirs and fucceflors there, a fummary procefs againd fuperiors; and for difeharging the attendance of vaflals at head courts there; and for afeertaining the services of tenants there; and for allowing heirs of tailzie there, to fell lands to the crown for ere&ing buildings, and making fettlements in the highlands) upon a red-tal that it hath been, and may be found necejjary for the publick fer-vice, to ere ft buildings, and make fettlements in certain places in the highlands of Scotland j it is enabled. That it Jhall and may be lawful for any person who is feized in, or poffeffed of a tailzed eft ate in Scotland, to fell, difpone or refign, ad perpetuam remanent jam, any part thereof winch his Majesty, bis heirs and fuccejfors, Jhall think fit to purchaft, for ending of buildings, or making fettlements within thefame, and by one other ad of the fame year of the King, (intituled, An act to enlarge the time limited by an act of the lad feflion of parliament, for redraining the ufe of the highland drefs, and to enable heirs of tailzie, guardians, tutors, curators* and tradees in Scotland, to fell lands to the crown) upon a recital that it may be ntcefj'ary for the prefervatien pf the publick peace* and the further civilizing of the inhabitants of the highlands of Scotland* that lands Jhould be purebafed there by his Majesty, bis heirs and fiu-cejfors, which lands may be fubjed to Jlrid tailzie, or belong to infants, pupils, minors, ideots, luna ticks, fatuous or furious per fa ns; ie is enabled. That it Jhail and may be lawful for any person who is feiva-/d in, or pojfejfed of a tailzied estate in Scotland, or for any guardian, tutor, curator or trujlee of an infant, pupil, minor, ideot, fa-natick, fatuous or furious per Jon, to Jell, difpofe or refign, ad perpetuam remanentiam, the whole or any part of such tailzied efiate, or the cjlate of such infant, pupil, minor, ideot, lunatick, fatuous or furious perfon, which his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, may think fit to pur chafefor the purposes aforesaid \ which lands fo pur chafedJhall remain in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, unalienable for ever, except as to the power of granting lea/cs for /even years, with a diminution of a fifth part of the ujual rent only : and whereas to profecute more ejf'cdually the good purposes intended by the said in part recited abbs, tn oraer to firengthen the foundations of the future tranquility of this kingdom, it is necejfiry that fome farther provifions and regulations be made; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament a/Iem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every the lands, lordfnips, baronies, patronages, tithes, filhings, and other like heritages, which became forfeited to his Majesty by thj attainder of th$ (Several persons after qame<| of high treafon*

^	‘ for

 v^-ooQle

-3.752*] Anno vicefimo quinto Geohgii II. 0.41.	403

For their beingcpgaged in the late Unnatural s*pd wicked rebellion and which were vefted in his Majesty by the abQve-mentioned a<5l of the twentieth year of his reign i that is to fay, the lands and other premises which became forfeited by the attainder of JSimon late lord Lov at; John Drummond, taking upon himfclf the flrile or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond,

^Taking on himfclf the title of duke of Perth ; George late earl of romarty; and Archibald Mac Donald, fon of Col Mac Donqld <3f Barri/dale, as the fame lands, lordjhips, baronies, and other 1 jpremiffes^are more particularly enumerated anddefcribtd in the t:itle~deeds, rights and infeoffments of the said attainted persons, or their predeceflors, or in the furveys already taken, or hfcre-f after to be taken thereof, by the barons of exchequer in Scotland,

‘in purfuance of the powers given to them by the aforesaid a£fc . of the twentieth year of the King, by which the said forfeited estates were vefted in his Majesty, ihall, together with all the parts and pertinents of the Ume, from and after the twenty ' fifth day of December one tboufand seven hundred and fifty two, be, and be deemed to be, annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the Fame; and all grants, charters'or other rights, made or to be made, or granted, of all or any of the said lands, baronies and other premifles, by his Majesty, bis heirs or fucceflors, excepting as is herein after excepted, shall be void to all intents and purpofes.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- Right of Forefaid, That nothing in this act contained mall extend, or be.clai™* not ltt* conftrued to extend, to take away any right, title or benefit Jurcd* whatsoever, which any person or persons are, shall or may be

intitled to, in virtue of any claim or claims that have been, or shall be duly entered in the court of feflion in Scotland, purfuant • to the aforesaid adt, or in virtue of any decree or decrees that ; hath been or shall be made upon such claims.

III.	And to the end that payment may be made to the juft Satisfa&ion to i and lawful creditors on the forfeited estates hereby annexed to he made to

the crown, fo far as the value of such lands and premifles,^onlvasOie whereupon such claim shall have been fuftained, shall refpedt- valueot such ively extend, and no further; be it enabled by the authority a- lands, forefaid. That adtions may be brought before the court of fef-fion, in the name of his Majesty’s advocate, against such creditors, which shall and may be ferved against the defendants, under the general description of the claimants upon such eftates, by one edidial citation, upon thirty days notice, to be affixed on the walls of the inner and outer houfe of the Court of feflion where the rolls of caufes in that court are ufually affixed, in order to have the value of such forfeited estates ascertained, upon a proof brought before the said court of the rental and value thereof; and in every such adlion it shall and may be lawful for the creditors on the said estates to bring a joint proof, and the said lords of feflion are hereby authorized and required to proceed in valuing the said estates fumroarily, in fetting which va-

P d a	lua-

 L,ooQle

404

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII II. C. 41.	£1752.

luation regard shall be had to the ordinary rates, at which like lands and estates have been fold in the fame county; and the said lords of feflion shall thereafter, without lofs of time, certify to the barons of exchequer in Scotland, the amount of the fc-veral claims on such forfeited eftates, with the value of tfie lands and real eftate, upon which refpe&ively the claimants are juft and lawful creditors; and in such cafes where the claims that have been Curtained exceed the value of the lands and other premifles out of which they ought to be paid, that the (aid lords of feflion shall at the fame time certify the order of preference by which the said claims ought to be paid, to the extent of the value that shall be certified as aforesaid ; and the said barons of exchequer are hereby authorized and required to tranfmit such certificate or certificates to the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being 9 and upon such certificate or certificates being made and tranfinitted, the creditors refpe&ively shall be paid out of the then next aids to be granted in parliament, according to the order of preference fpecified in such certificate; fo that the fum to be paid to the creditors upon each of the said estates shall not exceed the value of such estates certified as aforesaid.

Expences of IV. Provided always, That out of the value to be certified as the agents for aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful in the first place to dedud crown to or retain the expence that shall have been laid out by the agents be paid. for t^e crovvn> jn raising and profecuting the a&ions of valuation and ranking, and adjufting the fchemes of divifion of the - value among the creditors, as the fame shall have been taxed and fettled by the said court of feffion.

V.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforesaid, That every such decree of the court of feflion concerning the valuation of such eftate9, or the ranking or order of preference of the creditors thereon, shall be final and binding upon ali persons concerned, in cafe thirty days, on any of which such proceedings as are ufual and competent by the laws of Scotland, for reverfing or amending such decrees may be had, shall elapf: without such proceedings being had, made or commenced by either party.

VI.	And whereas in such cafes, wherein the claims upon the lands, and other the premiffes hereby annexed, Jhall clearly fall fbort of the value of such lands and premiffes upon which refpeftivety they JhsU have been entered and fuflaitied, it will not be necrjfary to raije atJ profecute atiions of valuation and ranking in the manner before pro-feribed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in every cafe where the total claims upon any estate oref-eluecd 10 n<>t tates not exceed twenty years purchafe, of the clear fur-years purchafe veyed rental, returned into the court of exchequer, of such the fame to estate or eftates, the said lords of feflion are hereby authorized bt certified, and required to certify to the barons of exchequer the amount of the claims fuftained upon such estate or eftates, which do not exceed the value as aforesaid; and the said barons of exchequer arc hereby authorized and required to tranfmit such certificate

or

Decrees concerning such valuation to be final.

Where the



1752,J Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH II. c. 41.	405

or certificates, and also the clear annual value of such eftate, ap- and the credi-pearing by such furveyed rental as aforesaid, to the hi§h treafu-rer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being; and j^e next aids, upon such certificate or certificates being transmitted, the creditors refpedtively, whofe claims shall have been fuftained, shall be paid out of the then next aids to be granted in parliament.

VII.	And whereas certain other lands and estates became vejled in his Majesty by virtue of the before mentioned ah of the twentieth year of his reign, and the attainder of high treafon of the persons following, namely, Donald Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stuart of Ardtheil, Donald Mac Donald of Kenloch Moydart, Evan Mac Pherfon of Clunie, Francis Buchannan of Arnprior, Donald Mac Donald ^Lochgary, Allan Cameron of Callart, Francis Farquharfon of Monaltry, and Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch; which lands and ejlates were holden of fubjeft fuperiors, who have entered claims in the court of fejjion to the property thereof And whereas it would be highly conducive to the good purposes intended by this aft, that the said lands and ejlates Jhould remain with his Majesty, his heirs and Jucctffors: be it therefore enacted by the authority a forefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majef- Power to pur-ty, his heirs and successors, by proper persons to be appointed chafe the fu- J for that purpofe, under his or their fign manual, to tranfadt or pcnoriy ofall compound with such fubjedt fuperiors, or any of them, con- holdenAdeeming their claims to the property of the said forfeited estates jca fuperiors. held of them refpedtively^ and also to treat and agree with the

faid fubjedt fuperiors for the purchafe of the fuperiority of the said lands and eftates, and that the agreed prices of such fupe-riorities, and also the funis to be paid by way of compofition for such claims of property, shall be from time to time certified by the perlbns authorized to treat for the fame on the part of the crown, to the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the trea-furv, for the time being.

VIII.	Provided always. That in every cafe where such fupe- where the fu-

riority was fubjedt to aftridt tailzie, the monies to be paid as the pcriority was" price thereof shall be laid out and fettled in the manner diredted fubjedt to a by the before mentioned adt of the twentieth year of the King ftri& tailzie, for enabling heirs of tailzie, aqd others in Scotland, to fell lands ^oneytobe" to the crown.	laid out.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Lands held of That in cafe the property of any of the said lands or estates fo (ubjedh to be claimed by such fubjedt fuperiors as aforesaid, shall be finally ln *rl*" determined to be forfeited to his Majesty, or such fubjedt fupe-

rior shall be agreed or compounded with for such claim in manner herein before mentioned ; then and in either of the said cafes, until such fuperiorities shall be purchafed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to veft, in such manner as shall be agreeable to the laws of Scotland, the said lands and estates held of fubjedt fuperiors, or such parts of the lands and other the premiffes herein before annexed to the crown, as shall appear to have been formerly held of fubjedt fuperiors, in one or more truftee or truftees, their heirs and

D d 3	fuc**



40.6	. Anno vicefimo quirvto Grorgii II. C.4T.	[175Z.

iuccefiors, to be renewed from time to time by hisM^jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and which truftee and truftees, their heirs and fucceflors, (hall, according to the forms of the law of Scotland* be from time to time entered and received vaflals in the , lands* and other the premiffes by therelpedfive fuperiprs there-of, arid shall hold the fame in truft for the ufes and purposes pf plied as this l^'s » and t^e kid l^rtds and eftates, with all the rents, if-m diredi. foes and profits thereof, shall be difpofed of, and applied to the ufes and purposes in this a<5t mentioned, and to none other, and shall be under the fame management, and fubjedt to the fame rules, orders and directions, and the fame provifions for payment of the*lavyful debts thereon shall take place, that are by this adt made concerning the other lands and estates hereby annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, tteirs of such x. Provided always. That the heirs of such truftee or truftees ^cuMhe°pa£ by making up titles to such truft eftates, shall not incur the ^verities, &c.paffive titles, nor reprefent their predecefiors univerfally ; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Truftees may XL Provided alfo. That his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-bechanged. fors, may change such truftees, at his or their pleafure, and present new ones from time to time, who shall be received by the immediate fuperiors refpecliTely for the tiepe being, without payment of a year’s rent, or any other competition.

Such fupe* XII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore/aid, riorities as That whenfoever the property of any of the lands or estates (b ftall be for- claimed by any fubjeCl fuperior, shall have been finally deter-^nc * mined to be forfeited tp his Majesty, or such fubjeCl fuperior shall have been agreed or compounded with for the fame as a-or purchafed f°relait) > and fl^° fuperiority of such lands shall have been to be annexed purchafed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, then the lands inalienably to and eftates, whereof the fuperiorities are fo purchafed, shall both the crown. property and fuperiority be from that time annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, apd shall remain fpr ever unalienable from the fame.

XIII And whereat the barony of Strowan, and other the lands, tenements and hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertfon of Strowan, now deceafed, became forfeited to the frown, by decree or fentente of forfeiture pafl in the parliament of Scotland, in the year one tboujatid fix hundred and ninety, and now belong to and remain the property of bis Majejiy; be it further enaCted by the The barony of authority afore laid, That the laid baronv and lands be and are Strowan an- hereby annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall uexed to the «be and, rernain for ever unalienable from the fame, and the law-Debtsthereon debts thereon shall be paid in the fame manner as is provid-to be paid, ed concerning the lands and premiflfes before mentioned The rents of XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, the (aideftates That the clear rents and produce of the lands and estates here-how to be ap- by annexed to the crown, or dire&ed to beheld in truft as afore-rlcdt	faid, shall be applicable in the manner herein after mentioned,

or in such other manner as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors shall from time to time, by warrants under his or their fign .	'	.	jnanualj

 Goc • e

i75^»] Anno vicefimo qmnto Georg 11II. c. 41.	40^

manual, be plcafed to dired, to the purposes of civilizing the inhabitants upon the said eftates, and other parts of the highlands and iftands of Scotland, the promoting amongft them the proteftant religion, good government, induftry and manufactures, and the principles of duty and loyalty to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to no other ufe or purpose whatsoever.

XV.	And to the end that the said lands^and estates may be Coramiflion-managed, and the produce thereof applied in the moft beneficial era to be *p-manner for the ends and purposes aforelaid ; be it further en- pointed by tbs aded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- c^own,

ful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by commif-fion under the privy feal of Scotland, to authorize and impower such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors shall think (it, from time to time, to be commiflioners and truftees for managing the said eftates, and applying the produce thereof for the ends and purposes appointed by this ad.

XVI.	Provided always, and bo it enabled by the authority without fala^ aforesaid. That no commiflioner to be appointed for executing ty.

the trufts in this ad as aforesaid, shall receive any fee, falary, penfion or reward for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, CommUfion-

That the commiflioners to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have	grao^

power to grant leafes of the said eftates, or any part thereof, for lca Ci*

any term not exceeding twenty one years j or if the leflee shall enter into proper covenants to lay out upon the premifles any fum not lefs than five years rent, in buildings or other improvements, within the space of seven years from the date of such leafe, then, and in luch cafe, and upon such condition, for any term not exceeding forty one years; all which leafes shall be fubjed to the provifiojos, conditions and limitations herein after mentioned, and such other as his Maiefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors (hall, from time to time, by his or#their fign manual, dired and appoint.

XVIII.	Provided always, That upon every such leafe there Conditioner shall be referved not lefs than three fourths of the real annual the leafes. value of the premifles fo let j and that every leafe to be granted

by such commiflioners, shall contain a claufe for making the fame void, in cafe the leflee, or his or her heirs shall aflign or let the premifles, or any part thereof, to any other perfon, or shall fuffer the fame to be adjudged at the fuit of any creditor, or (hail not occupy, cultivate and be refldent upon rhe pnemif-fps, or shall pay or caufe to be paid, diredly or indiredly, to or for the ufe of any person or persons whatsoever, any gratuity or fine, or any annual rent or preftation, for or in confideration of his obtaining or holding the lands or other premifles comprehended in such leafe, other than the rent in such leafe ex-prefled and covenanted to be paid to the said commiflioners for the purposes in this ad direded.

XIX.	Provided alfo. That every such leafe shall be abfolute- Leafes void, ly void, unless the leflee (hall, before the making thereof, have ^take'th^ taken thp oaths requifite by law to qualify perfqns to execute c

D d 4	offices

 L-ooQle

None to hold lands above the rent of ao 1.

Commifllon-ers may fue for the rent, and breach o covenant.

Commifllon-ers with approbation of the treafury may appoint receivers.

favors to be appointed.

Penalty on fa&ors, taking any gratuity.

Commiflion-er* with approbation of the treafury, may appoint

Anno vicefimo quinto GjborgH II. c. 4#. f *75*.

offices of publkk truft in Scotland, at the qUartcMeffions affix county where the premiffes lie, or' before the fheriflfdepwro, or his fubftitute; and that no person (hdl be capable of taking or enjoying, dhredtly or indire&ly, any lands or tenements, other than mines or fifhings, by virtue of filch leafe or teafes, of greater annual rent than twenty pounds at the utmoft.

XX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afordnd. That the said commiffioners shall and may haVe power and au-pthority to bring adtions in thdir own names, either in the court of session or (heriffs court, not only for payment of the rents into the hands of the faAors appointed for levying the fame, but also for breach and non-performance of the several covenants contained m the leafes, under which the lands shall be poflefled.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority afbre&kf, That the said commiffioners shall and may have power, by and with the approbation of the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to appoint ftewards, recovers or fadtors on the (aid eftates, with ?n allowance not exceeding five pounds per centum of the rental, who shall be bound reJpec-trvcly, with one or more fufficient furety or fqreties, in a film not Ids than two years rent of the estate to be put under their colledfion, to account to the said commiffioners for the firil rents of such eftates, and to pay in the clear refidue thereof to his Majesty’s receiver general of the crown rents and cafualties m Scotland, after dedudtion and allowance of the publick burthens and neceflary charges of management; and upon their fo accounting and paying in the refidue of the rent as aforesaid, the said commiffioners are hereby impowered to grant acquittances or di(charges to such factors from time to time.

XXII.	Provided always, That the said commiffioners shall have power to appoint persons to officiate as factors in the interim, until the fadtories granted by them shall be approved or difapproved of by the high tteafurer or commiffioners of the treafury as aforesaid.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That if any fteward, receiver or fadtor on the said eftates, (haU, during the continuance of his office, by himfclf or by any odier person whatever on his account, diredlly or indiredtly take, accept or receive from any of the tenants or pofleflbrs of such eftates, any money, gift, present,  service or other gratuity what-foever, to the ufe of such fadtor, he shall incur the penalty of fifty pounds ftcrling, totics quotics, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, and the other to any person who shall fue fur the fame, to be recovered by fummary petition or complaint, upon fifteen days notice before the court of feffion, or before the (herifPs epurt of the county.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commiffioners shall be, and are hereby impowered, by and with the approbation of the high treafurer, or of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being* to

v '	point



17 52*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgn II. c. 41.	409

point clerks and other neceflary officers, with proper and rea- clerk*, &c. fonabte felaries: ^rnl that the said commiffioners shall caufe such ^U5^fur-lands to be furveyed, and proper plans to be made thereof, fett*	c

ing'forth the extent and different qualities of the grounds, the federal advantages and difadvantages arifing from their fixation, and what improvements may be made upon the fame; which, with all other their proceedings, shall be entered in books to be by them kept for that purpofe, and a faithful ab-ftrad thereof (hall* by them be reported annually, or oftnerif required, to the high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the trea-fury for the time being, who shall caufe copies of such repons to be laid before both houfes of parliament in every feffion.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Where eftatet That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and comprehend fucceflors, where any one or more of the estates aforesaid com- thePcrown prehend whole parishes, belonging in property to the crown, may divide which they shall judge to be of too large 2^11 extent to be under the fame into the charge of one minifter, to divide such parishes into two or morcparifhesj more, by warrant or grant to be pafied under the privy feal of

Scotland, which shall preferibe the bounds of the new ereCted parishes, and grant competent provifions to theminifters of such parishes, to be paid out of theprefent maintenance for the minifter of the old parish, and the remainder out of the rents of the said eftates, but fo as the ftipend to be fettled on one mini- with a ftipend fter shall not exceed fifty pounds fterling per annum, in monfey or to the minivalue ; and upon production of such grant before the commrffi- ftcr-oners for plantation of kirks and valuation of tythes, they are hereby required and empowered to interpofe their authority thereto, in such manner as to render the provifion thereby made effectual to the minifters ferving the cure in such new ereCted parishes.

XXVI.	Provided always. That the patronage of such newpatronage ereCted parishes, wherCot the ftipend shall be wholly, or the such new pa. greater part thereof paid out of the rents of the said eftates, shall rifhes to be. belong to and for ever remain united to the crown; faving and to referving to all persons their rights and titles to the tythes Qfcrosm* &c* such old parishes, and to the patronage of the disjoined or new Refervarion of parishes to the minifter whereof the old ftipend shall be allocat- tlthc#* ^ ed, as the whole or greater part of his provifion ; and also faving and referving to the incumbent for the time being, when

fuch divifion or new ere&ion shall be made during his incumbency, the ftipend or maintenance he shall then be pofTefled of, although the lame fhould exceed fifty pounds fterling in money or value.

Xa VII. And whereas it may happen that other persons may have interejl or property in fome of the parishes which his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors, may judge proper to be divided; be it enaCfed by the authority aforefeid, That all such new divifions or eredions Theneweree-

of parishes, in which other persons befides his Majesty shall have non* of fuch

parifhes, in which other persons have

an intereft, either a9'heretors, patrons or titulars of the tythes m the parish or parishes to be disjoined, or in the new parish to

be

4io

<n intereft, to be fettled.

Crown may ereft fchools 5

and impower the commifli-oners to allot or purchafe lands to the life thereof;

and to grant lands to be held feu of the crown, for building hou-fe% and for gardens. Sec.

Anno vicefimo quinto Gborgii II. c. 41.	[1752*

be eredted, shall be made by authority of the court of commif-fion for plantation of kirks and valuation of tythes in Scotland* upon an adtion to be raised and purfued in the name ami at the inftance of his Majesty’s advocate for Scotland* and which he is hereby enabled.to raife and carry on, whether any of the other heretors who have an interest in the said disjunction and new ereCtion shall confent or not, and which court of commif&on shall have power, and is hereby required to fettle and determine, according to the rules of law and ju(tice, all such queftions, debates and controverfies as may arise touching the said new erections ; and ewery such decree of the said court of commifiion shall be final*and binding upon all parties concerned, in cafe thirty days, on any of which such proceedings as are ufual and competent by the laws of Scotland for reverting or amending such decrees may be had, shall elapfe, without such proceedings being had, made or commenced by any of the parties therein concerned.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to ereCt publjck fchools on the said eftates, or in other parts of the highlands or iflands of Scotland, for inftrudting young persons in reading and writing the Englijb language, and in the several branches of agriculture and manufactures, and to eredt houfes for the reception of such young persons, and for carrying on such manufactures hy them, and for the accommodating such matters as shall be appointed by the said commiffio-ners to inftrudt and teach them, and to apply such parts of the produce of the said estates as shall be neceflary for erecting such fchools, providing competent falaries for such teachers, and for the cloathingand maintaining such young persons, and for fup-plying such fchools with utenfils and materials for agriculture &nd manufactures, and for the raising of flax, and for such other like ufes as by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors shall be thought proper for promoting the purposes aforelaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to impower the said commifiioners to allot portions of land out of the said estates to the. ufe of such fchools as may be eredled on the said eftates, or to apply such part of the clear rent of such estates as his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors shall think proper, in the purchafe of portions of land to be allotted to the ufe of such fchools as shall be eredled in other parts of the highlands or ifiands of Scotland.

XXX.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to authorize and impower the (aid commiffioners to grant out in property such parts and portions of ground, not exceeding ten acres to one perfon, as maybe fufficient for building convenient dwelling-houfes, ooNhoufes and gardens, to persons well affedted to his Majesty’s person and government, and who shall be duly qualified by taking the oaths to the govern-

inept,



1752.3	Anno vicefimo qurnto Georgii IL 0.41.	411

ment> who (hail oblige tbemfclves to ered buildings, and make gardens thereupon; which portions of ground shall be by the grantees held feu of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, for payment of a yearly feu duty, equal to such a proportion of the rent as the said commiflioners shall find to correfpond to the ground to be feued out by them: and in refped that such fmall feus cannot bear the charges of pafOng the feals, and other charges ncceflary for making out the titles of lands held of the crown ; it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors to authorize and impower the said commiflioners to grant charters, containing precepts of fafrne, to be held feu of his Majesty as aforesaid, and also fo grant all charters, precepts of Clare conflate and other writings neceflary for entering their heirs and lingular fuccefTors.

XXXI.	Provided always. That any person who shall refide Perfons refid-in any dwelling-houfe ereded upon any portion of land, which *n8 *n such shall have been granted for that purpose in manner as aforesaid, hold

fhall, during his refidence in such houfe, be capable of holding a 0f other parts leafe from the said commiflioners of any other part of the laid of the eftates* eftates, within the diftance of five miles irom such houfe, fubjed to all the other conditions and limitations of this ad; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And whereas it bath been found a great ob/lruftion to the courfe ofjujlice in the highlands, that many parts thereof are far remote from any royal burgh or county gaol; be it further enaded

by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for Crown may his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, by and out of die rents ere& prisoni. and profits of the land? and estates aforesaid, to caufe prisons tp be ereded and maintained on such parts of the aforesaid lands, or other parts of the highlands or iflands of Scotland as they lhall think fit, for the cuftody of prisoners for crimes or offences ; and that such prisons fo ereded shall be held-to be lawful prisons for the purpose aforesaid; and the commiflioners to be Commiflion-named as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to appoint gaolers crs.maY aP-for keeping of such prisons,^ and to affign them reafonable wa- V°int Saolcrs* ges, to be paid by the fadors oh such eftates, with proper allowances from time to time, for the maintenance of indigent prisoners; and the said commiflioners are hereby further im- and baillies. powered to appoint baillies over the said eftates, or any village or diftrid thereof; which baillies shall have all the powers over such eftates, that are now by law competent to baron baillies, and shall further have power to commit offenders to the next fure prison within the county, although not within the territory of such baillie himfelf.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Rents to be re.

That his Majcfty’s receiver general for Scotland shall referve the ferved to an-monies that shall come into his hands out of the rents of fw«* Norths said eftates, for answering such orders as shall be made d*ir* °£!he upon him by the said commiflioners, in purfuance of the pow-	AOn"

ers that shall be granted, and the warrants and diredions that

{hall be given to them from time to time by his Majesty, his

heirs



4tz

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgh II. c. 42.	[1752*

heirs and fucceflors, concerning the application of th$ rents of the laid eftates, for the ends and purposes aforesaid, and for no other ends or purposes whatsoever.

Till the claims XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho* the treafUryCd r*tY aforesaid, That until the final determination of the claims may apply the that have been or shall be duly made or entered in the court rents tor de- of feflion in Scotland to or upon the aforesaid eftates, it shall and fraying the may iawfo] for the high treafurer, or commifiioners of the

managing the t[eafury for *he *«»ne	be applied fomuch of

t&wct. the rents and profits of the estates aforesaid as they mall find neceflary for defraying the expences of management thereof, and of litigating and difeuifing such claims; any thing herein con* tained to the contrary notwithstanding. •

C AP. XLII.

An act to render valid and effeftual all contrasts and agreements which /hall be made by the	or governors of the royal bofpital for	at Greenwich, the

pur chafe of	lands, tenements and , for the

finijhing and	compleating the said •, and for after-

taining the rccompence that Jball be made for the fame.

tGeo.». c. *9.

Governor* im powered to toatraft for

WHEREAS by an aft ofparliament made and pajjed in tba eighth year of the reign of bis present Majejfty, intituled. An act for the application of the rents and profits of the estates for* feited by the attainders of James late -earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe, the commiffioners or governors of the royal hojpital for feamen at Greenwich wererequired to contraft and agree with able and fufficient tradefmen, artificers, or other persons, for finijhing and compleating the said royal hojpital in a wor kman-like manner, on the eaftefl and mojl reafonable terms, according to the plan laid before the houfe of commons ir\ that fejfion of parliament: and whereas one parcel of land on the weft fide of the said bofpital, whereon a fmall houfe lately food, in the occupation of Benjamin Hopkins, barber, and commonly known by the name of Carr’s Houfe, containing at the fouth end elevenfeet fix inches, at the north end ten feet seven inches, on the eajl fide fifteen feet five inches, and on the weft fide fourteen feet eleven inches, be the fame more or lefs; and one other parcel of land on the eajl fide of the said bofpital, whereon several houfes formerly flood, belonging to the trujlees of Morden College, and now in the pojfcffion of the said commiffioners or governors of the said bofpital, are necejffary to be pur chafed, in order to finifh the said royal bofpital according to the said plan; which by rtafirn of infancy, and other disabilities, the commiffioners or governors of the said royal bofpital have not been able to purchafe: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be ena&ed 5 and be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal and commons in this

Srefent parliament aUembled, and by the authority of the fame, 7hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners or governors of the faia royal hospital, or any seven or more of

them,



1752-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georqjm II. 0.42.	413.

them, to purchafe, and also for all bodies politick^ corporate or the purchafe collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, mortgagee and mort-£f gagees, truftee and truftees, teoffee and feoffees, in trull for any j£dorc cn" charity* or otherwise, guardian or guardians, committee or Committees, of any infant, ideot or lunatick, and all executors and adminiftrators, and other persons whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fuccefibrs, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, and the refpeftive mortgagor and mortgagors, and other porfon and persons mtitled to any equity of redemption, who are or shall be feifed or poflefTed of, or interefted in, all or any of the premises herein before defcribed, or any part or parts thereof,* to convey the fame re-fpedively* to the laid commifiioners or governors of the said royal hospital, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as the said commifiioners or governors,or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, in trull for the commifiioners or governors of the find royal hospital: and that all contra disagreements, bargains, (sits and conveyances, which lhall be made by such perlons as aforesaid, shall begood and valid inJaw, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, e-date, intereft, ufe, equity of redemption, property, claim and demand whatsoever, of their several and refpe&ive ceftuique trufts, whether infants, or ifliie unborn, lunaticks, ideots or femes covert, or other persons whatsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them, or any of them: and the said pre-mifies fo conveyed shall be, and are hereby declared to be veiled in the said commifiioners or governors, or in such person or persons as by the said commifiioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, shall be fo appointed as aforesaid, from the time of such conveyance made in fee-(imple, freed and dif-charged of all claims, demands and equity of redemption, of any person or persons, either at law or in equity5 any law, fta-tutc, ufage or other matter or thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: and that all such persons as aforesaid, fo conveying* as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they do, or shall do, by virtue of or in purfuance pf this a6l:	Parties

and if it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick c totr€at» or collegiate, or other person or persons, feifed or poflefTed of or interefted in the said two parcels of land and premifles before particularly defcribed, or any part or parts thereof, upon notice to them given, or left in writing at the dwelling houfe or houfes, or place or places of abode of such person or persons, or of the head officer or officers of such bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or at the houfe of the tenant in poflefiion of the said parcels of land refpedtively or, in cafe the fame be unte-nanted, by affixing the fame on fome notorious part thereof, shall for the space of twenty one days after such notice given, left or affixed as aforesaid, refufe or delay to treat and agree for the fale and conveyance thereof, or of their refpeeft-ive cflates and interefts therein, with the laid commifiioners or

governors,

 L,OOQle

414

Anna vicefirtw quinto OEO^xm II. C. 42.	[17^1.

governors, or .any seven or more of them,' or with any* person or persons authorized by them or any seven or more of them % orihall refufe to produce a title to fuehof thepremiflea before def-cribed as they are in pofleffion of, or totheintereft they chum, to the fatisfa#ion of the (aid commiflioners or governors, or airy

Li^ellecL ^vcn or morc t*icm ; t*lat l*iCn *n<* lTi cvcry lt A™*

^ e	and may be lawful to andfor the said commiflioners or governors,

or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and authorized to iflue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, direded to the (heriflf of the county of Kent> for the time being, who is hereby authorized, direded and required accordingly to impanel, fummon and return a competent number of honeft, fub-ftantial and difinterefted persons, qualified to Serve on juries, not leisthan twenty four, nor more than forty eight; and out of such persons fo to be impanelled, fummoned and returned, a jury of twelvepersons (hallbedrawn by the said commiflioners or governors or any seven or more of them, or by fome person to be by them, or any seven or more of them, for that purpose appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of iffues in his Majesty’s 1 courts at Weftminfler^ by an ad made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ail for the better regulation of juries, are direded to be drawn} which persons fo to be impanelled, fummoned and returned as aforesaid, art hereby required to come and appear before the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, (haH be direded and appointed ; and to attend there from day today till discharged by the said commiflioners or governors, or any fr-ven or more of them; and all parties concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array, for affinity or any other caufe whatsoever; and the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized by precept or precepts, under their hands, from time to time, as occafion shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as a witness or witnefles before them, on their oath or oaths, or on their folcmn affirmation, if the * persons or persons fo to be examined be of the profeflion of the people called 'uakers, touching and concerning the premifles; lory may veiw and the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more me place in of them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorize the qneition; said jury to vfew the pjace or p]aceSj matters in queftion, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day, as occafion shall require ; and to command such jury, witnefles and parties, to attend until all such affairs for which they were fummoned shall be concluded; and the said jury upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths or (blemn affirmation to such person or persons •S shall be called upon to give evidence, the said QtHnmifiioncrt



1752.] Anno vicefinfio quinto Georgii 11% c. 4*.	4*5

or governors or any seven <w ipoi^ of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) shall inquire of the value of such prernidcs before particularly de(cribed, and shall aflefs the and affefs the fum or fua» to J>e paid for the purchase thereof refpe&ively; fom to be and the said commiffioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, shall and may give judgement for such fum and fums purc * of money fo to be afleued which said verdict or verdi&s, and the foid judgment, decree or determination thereupon, (notice in writing being given to the person or persons interefted, at leaft twenty days before the time of such afieffinent, declaring the time and place of the meeting of the said commiffioners or go* vemorSf and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling houfe of such person or persons, or at his, her or their ufual place or places of abode, or with fome tenant or occupier of the said parcels of land intended to be valued and aflefled, or by fixing such notice on fome notorious place on the fame premises, in cafe the preraifles are untenanted, and such party cannot be found in the said county of Kent to be Jferved with such notice)

(hall be binding and concluding, to all intents and purposes The Judgment whatsoever, against the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors, miffioncrTandL and all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and verdi& of tha corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title* ufe, truft, equity jury to be of redemption or interest in, to or out of all or any of thebindinS» premifies before particularly deferibed, either in pofiemon, re-veriion, remainder or expectancy, or otherwise howfoever ; and the said verdicts, judgements and decrees fo to be made, given and pronohneed as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and figned and fealed by any seven of the commiffioners or governors present at the making and pronouncing the fame; and such verdicts, judgements and decrees of the said commit- and entere<j doners or governors, and juries, shall be tranfmitted to and among the Ve-kept amongft the records of the quarter-feflions for the county cords of the of Kent; and shall be deemed and taken to be^records to all felons, &c. intents and purposes whatsoever; and the fame, or true copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court of law or equity whatsoever; and all persons may have recourfe to the fame gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, fix pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number of words.

II. And it is hereby further ehaCted and declared. That upon payment of such fum or fums of money fo to be awarded or Conveyance adjudged for the purchafe of the said premifies, or any part thereof, the person or persons intitled thereto shall make and the fum a-execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and warded, legal conveyances, afiignments and aflurances in the law, to the said commiffioners or governors, or any (even or more of them,

(hall appoint, in truft for the said commiffioners or governors, -of the said premifies, for which such fum or fums of money were fo awarded ; and shall procure all neceflary parties to execute such conveyances, afiignments and afiurances; and (hail do all adts, matters and things, neceflary or requifite to make a

clear





If the title Ihall not be evinced, or good convey ance made.

or the party cannot be found, See,

the purchafe money to be paid into the bank$

and the right to veit in the truilees.

Anno vneefimo quinto GboROII tl. c. 4I.	£1,52.

clear, good and perfect title to, or in tmft for, the fiM-eomauf' lioners or governors; and such conveyances, ■ffigtnafents and aflurances, shall contain all such rteafonaWe and ufaal cewnaitts as (hall, on the part of the said commiflioners or gowthiorty be required; and in cafe any such period or peifon$,-^irtnai such money shall be awarded as aferefeid, (hail nek evince a title to the laid premifles to the (aid commiflioners or governor*, - and make, or procure to be made, good and legal conveyances thereof, or shall refufefo to do, being thereunto required, fech fum and fums of money fo awarded as aforesaid, being ready to be paid to him, her or theta, on making such title and executing and procuring fo be executed such conveyances, alignments or aflurances as aforesaid, and for that purpose tendered at the council chamber of the (aid royal hospital at Greenwich; or if in cafe any person or oerfons intitled to the premifles, for which such fum or fums of money shall be fo awarded as afbrdaid, cannot be found in the said county of Kent \ or in cafe that by reason of difputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defelt of evidence, it shall not appear to the said commifli-oners or governors, or any seven or more of them, what person or persons is or are intitled to the premifles in queftion; that then, and in all and every or any such cafe and cafes -as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commifionera or governors, or any seven or more of them, to order such film or fums of money fo awarded as aforesaid, as the value of* and purchafe money for, the said premifles, to be paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the parties interefted in the iaid pee-mifles, to be paid to them, and each and every of them^aocosd* ing to their refpeltive estates and interefts in the said premiflfes, as such times as the said commiflioners or governors, or arty seven or more of them (hall, by warrant or warrants imttarabair hands, order and direlt; and the caftiier and cathiers of theteofe of England, who shall receive foch fom and fums, is andareher^ by required to give a receipt or receipts for such fum and fums, mentioning and fpecifying for what premifles, and for wbofowfo the fame is or are received, to such person or persons* as ihall pay such fum or fums into the bank of England as aforesaid.; which receipt or receipts shall be entered on record^ and reg tered amongft the records of the quarter fefltons for the cooncy of Kent; and immediately on such payment and rqgiftry, ail the eftate, right, title, ufe, truft, property, equity of redemption, claim and demand, in law and equity, of all and every person and persons for whofe ufe such money was paid, of, in, to, from and out of the said premifles, or any part thereof, shall weft in such person or persons as shall be named for that purpose by the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of thcqi; and such person or persons shall be deemed in law to be in-the allual pofleffion thereof, and to be feized thereof in fee-fimpic, freed and discharged from all claims, demands and equity of redemption, either at law or in equity, to all intents and pur poles, as fully and effectually as if all and every person and persons, having *	<	.	y y - *nv



175*-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii II. c. 42.	417

stny eftatf, right, title, -truft, interest or equity of redemption, of, in, to* from or out of the said premifies, had a&ually con-v<y4<i the , force by leafe and releafe, bargain and fale inrolled, f eoffrcejat ^ith livery of feifin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever > and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, intereft, equity of redemption, claim and demand of the person or persons to whofe ufe such payment/was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and conrtrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person pr persons, and all estates tail, and remainders, as fully and effectually as a fine or recovery would do or would have done, if levied by proper parties in due form of Jaw.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded. On petition of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners any polTeflor or governors, or any seven or more of them, after such payment feV thJ>remif-into the bank, and regiftry as aforesaid, on the petition of any miflioww"1" person oc,persons in pofleffion of the premises, at the time the may inveftthe money was fo paid into the bank, to place out or inveft, or caufe money in the to be placed out or inverted, such fum or fums of money, 0rfunds> StCf any part thereof, in force of the publick funds, or on government fecurity, at intereft, in the name of the said commiffion-

ers or governors, or any seven or more of them, or in the name or names of any person or persons appointed by the said com-xnUBoners or governors, or any seven or more of them, for that	*	-

purpofc, in trail to transfer and afllgn the fame to such person or persons to whom the premifies belong, on his, her or their executing proper conveyances thereof; and in the mean time in trnft to pay the interest and dividends arifing therefrom, to such person or persons as was or were in pofleffion of the said premises at the time of the said payment into the bank; and the said cotnmifiioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, ate hereby authorized and impowered to make such order as a-fordaid on the bank, for the payment of such fum or fums of money, or any part thereof as shall be neceflary, in order to their being fo inverted in publick fecurities: and the said com-miflioners or governors shall be quieted in the poffeflion of the lands and premifies, for which such money is fo paid as aforesaid; and shall not be apfwerable or accountable for the fame, in any court of law or equity, otherwise than according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, vvhere the That if any contrad shall be made for the purchase of any pre- premises are mifies in mortgage, or any fum or fums (hall, in manner as be- mortgaged, fore-mentioned, be afiefied or awarded as the value of such the purchafe mortgaged premifies, and the person or persons intitled to the J^veiltcd m equity of redemption thereof cannot be round, that then, and t^e funds, for in every such cafe, the money fo contraded for, or afiefied or bis ufe. See. awarded, (hall, by the said commiffioners or governors, or any

feven or more of them, be verted in any of the publick funds $ and the interest or dividends thereof shall be paid to such mortgagee* until the person intitled to such equity of redemption Va. XX.	Ee	(hall



^baU make out his title thereto ; and fadafoany fuditperfow m persons fo intitlcd to such equity of redemption^

,	m five years next after the in veiling such monies irtthte ptihEck

1	:	funds, exhibit his, her or their bid in theMgh coott of chat*-

: eery, or in his Majeliy’s court of exchequer ^ order to litigate the fame, he, (he or they shall for ewer thenaf* ter be debarred therefrom; and at any time after the end of ftsch five years (no bill being exhibited as aforesaid) such money io inverted in the publick hinds shall be paid, on the fccurkica for the fame afligned tp such mortgagee or mortgagees, or tbeirle-gal reprelentative or reprefentatives; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwhhftandhlg. Poffcflor to V. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and deliver up the persons who is, are or shall be in pofleffion of tlie lands and on™daysUP Prcm^es» or any Part thereof, fo to be purchafed by the laid notice j 7 commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, or for which any purchafe-money shall be fo aflefled or awarded as aforesaid, (hall, upon twenty one days notice in writing, left at or affixed on the said premises, or any part thereof, peaceably and quietly deliver up the pofleffion or the said premifles to the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or ritore of them, or to any person or persons who (hall, by the said commiffioncrs or governors or any seven or more of them, be authorized to and on refuta), receive the fame; and in cafe any person or persons shall refute the (heriff is to fo to do, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the find com* deliver the	mifiioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, toifibe

&mc*	their precept or precepts to the (herifF of the county of &»*, to

deliver pofleflion of the premifles to such person or perfcos as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the lame; and the said fheriff is hereby required to deliver pofleffion thereof accordingly, and to levy such cofts, which AnM accrue from the ifluing and execution of such precept or precepts, on the person or persons fo refufing to give pofleffion afraforanid, by diftrefs and fale of his, her or their goods.	• • 'L?/ hr

.	...	VI. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That all

to bodfes cor- cvery ^um anc* ^ras °f moa*yi to be paid to any body corporate, or o- porate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or (ole, feoffee or fo* ther truftees, offees in truft, guardian, committee, or other trurteeor trufttes, to be laid out jn purfuance of this ad, shall be by them refpedively laid out of Unds&c. in tllc Purchafc of lands, tenements and hereditaments, and ’	*	fettled tp and upon, and fubjedt to such titles, ufes, truth, li-

mitations, remainders and contingencies, as the said lands and premifles, fo to be purchafed by the said commiflionerser governors as aforesaid, were fettled, limited and aflurtd atthc rime of such fale fo made refpe&ively, and shall and may: beheld and enjoyed accordingly; and that in the mean time,Onttt&ch

J»urchafe made, such money shall be velled infoorfeof Utepfcb* ick funds or government fecurities at infereft, and tbeumtoQ shall be paid to such person or persons as wouldhavcibe«nrimiM to the rent#, and profits of ffioh tends, teaumentXaddiharb-

, 1, 1 > , u

V- ■ . . 3.13	/	-

ki*f

. . ■ * n'!u 1 o rJuvo,>

.. V ..} \q ru Vi t\"i	?





'Aflno viceGthoqumto Georgii II. c.42.	4t^

iitamcntsfo to be purehafed; in cafe the fame Were purchafed aadfettded, purfoant to the true intent and meaning of this adft

VIK Ahd it is hereby enarfted and declared, That itl cafe of In default of any default of a fafficient number of jurymen to be fworn, pur- jurymen, the fuapt to this the (beriff for the county of Kvit shall return <henff may re-other honeft and indifferent men of the ftanders-by, or that can £5“ ndcr * fpcedily beprocured to attend that service,fubje6ttofuch challenges as aforesaid; and the commiflioners or governors, or any fever! sheriff, and or more of them, shall from time to time have power*to im- other persons pofe any reafonable fine on the said (heriff, his under-fheriff; ne^leaing bailiffs or agents rcfpediivety, or oh any of the persons who ^/b^fined* shall be fummoned and returned on such jury or juries as shall 7 not appear or refufe to be fworn on such jury, or being fworn,

(hall refufe to give a verdict, or in any other manner wilfully nfc-gledt his duty, contrary to the true intent and meaning of tlv*S adt; and likewise upon such person or persons fummoned to

f;ive evidence, who shall refufe to appear or give evidence, and rom time to time to levy such fine or fines, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the said commiflioners of governors, or any seven or more of them, by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, rendering the overplus, if any; and all such fines shall be applied to the ufe of the said royal hospital.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Governors That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners may porctikfe or governors of the said royal hofptta), or any seven or more of them, to purchafe any otner mefliiages, lands, tenements or	^

hereditaments, which shall bethought neccflary for the finifhing thoughtnecef-the said royal hospital, according to the said plan; and that it fary,

(hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate* corporations aggregate or foie, mortgagee or Mortgagees, truftee and truftees, feoffee and feoffees in truft for any chapty or othearwife, guardian or guardians, committee or Committees of any infant, ideot or lunatick, and all executors and adminiftrators, and other persons whatsoever,‘not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceflbrs, but aUofor and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, and the rcfpe&ive mortgager and mortgagers, and other person and persons inti-tled to any equity of redemption, who are or shall be feized ot pofieffed of x>r interefted in any such houfcs, lands or heredita-inents, to convey the fame refpe&ively to the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them shall appoint, in truft for the find'commiflioners or governors; and that all contracts* agreements, bargains, (ales and conveyances which shall bewjadeby fach person or persons as aforesaid, shall be good and yalid ifc law, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but abb to convey all right, e-itate, intereft, ufe, equity of redemption, property, claim ?nd demdrid whatsoever, of their several and refpe6tive ceftuique InlAs^i whether infants, or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, or femes covert, ot other persons whatfoevee, ahd all claiming, or to claim, by, from or under them, or any of them ; and the

If such other lands cannot be porchated before 25 March 17571 the finifhiitg the hospital not to be delayed.

Poflcflion of the com mif-(ioners not to be difturbed.

Claimants may fue the receivers of pin chafe money,

Public k. ad.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georqii II. c. 43.

raid premifles fo conveyed (hall- be, aiid are hereby declared to be, veiled in the said commiflioners or governors, or in such person or persons as by the said commiflioners or governors, or any seven or more of them shall be fo appointed as aforesaid, from the time of such conveyance made, in fcc-limple, freed and dischargedof all claims, demands and equity of redemption, of all and every person and persons, either at law or in"equity; any law, ftatute, ufage or other matter or rhing to tbeoonttary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: and that allfuch persons as aforesaid, fo conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they do or shall do by virtue of or in puriuance of this aft: and in cafe the said commilTioners or governors of the said hospital cannot, on or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, purchase such other meiTuages, lands and premises as may be thought necefTary for the finifhing the (aid royal hospital according to the said plan, upon such terms as they shall think reafonable; that then, and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners or governors of the said royal hospital, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to finUh the &kl royal hospital in such manner as mod conveniently may be, without waiting for orexpe&ing to purchafe any such premises.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commiflioners or governors, or such person or persons to whom they, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint any conveyances to be made, or in whom the (aid premises shall be vefted by virtue of this aft, shall not be difturb-ed or hindered in the quiet pofleflion and enjoyment thereof, on pretence of any want of form or other defect in the proceedings hereby directed; but that it shall and may be lawful to and tor any person or persons, barred of any right, title, intereft, equity of redemption, claim or demand wbatfoever, in, to or outer the said premifles, or any part thereof, to bring any a&ion or aftions for money had and received to his, her or their ufe, a-gainft any person or persons who received the purchafe-money for such premifles refpeftively; and, on proof of such tide as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or anv estate or interefl in the fame, that then and in every such cafe, they shall recover the said purchafe-money, or fo much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premifles, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to their interest therein, which they might have been intitled unto in cafe this aft had not been made.

Xf And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That this aft shall be deemed and allowed to be a publick aft* and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices and other persons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XLIJL

An act for the more eafy and (needy recovery of small debts in the town and port of Liverpool, and liberties thereof, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP.XLIV.

An ait to explain and amend an aft pajjed in the fifth year of bis present Majeftfs reign, intituled, An act to enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of Turk; find for making the said ait more effectual.

WHEREAS by anaft made and pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enlarge 5 Geo. the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York, it was enafted, That to the end that the said pier might be enlarged, extended and improved, and kept in repair, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June me thousand seven hundred and tforty two, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three 5 andalfo from the said twenty fourth day of June feventeen hundred and thirty two, to the twenty fourth day of June feventeen hundred and eighty three, the several duties therein mentioned Jbould be respectively anfwered and paid to the bailiff's and burgejfes of Scarborough aforesaid, and their successors, as they in common councilof fembled, or the major part of them, fhould from time to time, under their common feal, order and appoint; and by the said aft several powers and authorities were granted to and vefted in the find bailiffs and burgejfes, and their fucceffort, for the better colleftingthe J'aid duties, and tarrying on the said work, and executing the several trufts thereby in them repofied : and whereas great frauds and abufies have of late years been committed in the execution of the several trufts repofed in the said bailiffs and burgeffes of Scarborough aforesaid by . the said aft, particularly by the mifapplication of the sum of three thousand pounds, which had been raised by the said bailiffs and burgeffes of Scarborough, in common council affembled, by mortgage of the new pier duties payable at Newcaftle; which said fum of three thousand pounds, and also the sum of three hundred and feventy nine pounds eight fhillings and four pence, have been by the said bailiff's and fome of the burgejfes and members of the said borough of Scarborough, applied in discharge of their own bends and private debts and engagements, or retained in their hands, and no part thereof applied according to the direftions of the said aft •, whereby the works of the said pier have been in a great meafure neglefted, and the laudable intentions of the legifaiure fruftrated, and rendered ineffectual, to the manifeft detriment of the publick: to the end therefore that the like frauds and abufes may be prevented for the future, and that the several fums of money arifingfrom the several duties given and granted by the said laft recited aft, for and towards the enlarging, extending, improving and repairing the said pier, may be duly applied to the purposes defigned by the said aft, and for the better maintaining and fupporting the harbour of Scarborough aforesaid \ which cannot effeftually be done, but by diverting the said bailiffs and burgeffes of all powers and authorities given them by the said aft, and by verting the fame in other trurtees \ may it please your Majesty that it may be .enafted.

Anno Vjcefimd quinto <jEO*OJI Uu C. 45/^5	[ 175I*

The powers mated by therccited aft to theJxu|Hfs and burgdEa to code. New tomintfnoners appointed; with power tq aoditc thtaceotiate o£ aM

monies received and disburied by virtue of the recited <«ft. Dedes and forfeitures to be paid to the comroiflioneps or their order. The com-miflioners at their first meeting, to Choofe a cl?rk, furveyor and receiver of the duties. Accounts to be dated yearly, and to lie opeuf&f PobOfek infy4ftion. Accounts to be laid before the juftices, and paffed by them. 5T. Penalty on persons prejudicing the harbour by emptying hallalt, fe. or othcrwife, and to be levied by diftrefs and fele. Fbr want bf dttrtft the offender to be committed. Stones may be taken from waftegrooods See. for the works of the pier, paying jfcoy the year to the corporation. Bailiffs, See. to deliver upon oath, all books and writings relating to the duties, on penalty of sol. Bailiffs, &c. not repaying their proportions of the monies mi/applied, or retained in their hands, with intereft, maybe fued by the commiflioners, and the charges thereof to be paid out or the duties, dec. No part of the aft of 5 Geo. *. hereby repealed, except what relates to the appointment of the bailiffs, dec. The powers thereby granted, to veft in the commillioners. Rights, dec. of tne burgeffes referved.

CAP. XLV.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of small debts within the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and the liberties and pie-cinfta of the fame.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Alemouth through the town of Alnwick to Rothbury, and from thence to the town of Hexham ) and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge in the county of Northumberland. Certain tolls granted for %i years.

CAP. XLVIL

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of Monk Bridge, near the iuburbs of the city of Yorjc. to New Mai ton, andirons thence to Scarborough iu the north riding or the county of York > a*<f also from Spittle houfe, in the eaft riding of the said county* to Scarborough aforesaid. Certain tolls grantedfor si years*

CAP. XLVIiL

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of ^be road (direfted to be repaired by an aft paffed in the laft feflion oT parliament, from Carlifle to Newcaftle upon Tyne) near Glenwelt, to another part of the road (fo making from Carlifle to Newcaftle) upon Sh'd-don Common in the county of Northumberland. Certain tells granted for ei years.	*	s.

CAP. XLIX.

An act fer repairing the high road from the town of Shrewsbury, through Crrffage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Croft, and through Morviile to Bridgenoi th in the couhty of Salop. Certain toBs granted for % 1 years.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing the roads from the north end of Mailing Street, near the town of Lewes, to Witch Crofs, and from the north end of Mid-Ting Street aforesaid, to the Broil park gate5 and from Offham to Witch Crofs aforesaid* all lying within the county of Suffex. Certain toils frontedfor if years.

cap. li.	7;

An act for amending and making more effectual several afts for amending the toads from the city of London to Eaft Grin ft cad in the county of Suffex ; and to the towns of Sutton and Kingston in Surrey \ and for more effeftually repairing the road from NeaHugfen through Camberwell in the Cud cotmty to New Crofsdn tfce cbWmy of v "	Kent |

175I j Ahnd vkefimd qoirito Georcii II. c. 54,-59.

Kent* and for repairing and widening the road from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill in the parish of Camberwell. The a&s 6 Gt$.

: v. c. *6, &c. mutinied,

CAP. LII.

An act for widening and repairing the road from Combe Bridge in the county of Somerifet to Bradford in the county of Wilts $ and from thence through dilperton , and To far over Afhton Common as to join the road which leads front Steeple A Alton to Trowbridge; and alio the road leading from Bradford aforesaid to Cockhill Gate m the said coun-r ty of Wilts. Certain tolls granted for a t years.

CAP. LIII.

An a ft for repairing the road from Knaresborough in the county of York, by Longflat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mauleve-rer, ana Scate Moor, to Green Hammerton in the fame county ; and for making the fame a high carriage road. Certain tolls granted for ax years.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending the several roads leading from the town of Taunton in the county of Somerfet. Certain tolls granted for 11 years.

CAP. LV.

An act for explaining and amending fo much of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majelty, for the repairing and enlarging the roads from the town of Selby in the weft riding of the county of York to the town of Leeds, and from thence in two several branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the town of Halifax in the fame riding, as relates to that part of the said roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax. The a& 24 Geo, s.c. 31. amended.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard in the county of Hereford, to the several places called the Halfway Afh in the parish of Docklow, Herefordfhire Lake in the parish of Whitburne, Perry Bridge in the parish of Stoke Blifs, leading through the several parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Coilington, and the hamlet ot Little Kyre, sapey wood in the pari Hi of Upper Sapey, Bifhop's Frocme, Woofer-wood Gate, and Herefordfhire Lake, in the said parish of Bromyard, in' the counties of Hereford and Worcefter. Certain tolls granted for 41 years.

CAP. LVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave and Thrapfton in the county of Northamptou * and through Bythorne, S paid wick and Ellington, to the Pound in the jiarifli of Brampton in the county of Huntingdon. Certain tolls granted or »i yars,

CAP. LVIU.

An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the fbuth welt corner of the inclofures of Harrowgate \ and from thence in two branches (one through Riply over Burage Green, and the otherthrough Knaresborough and Borough bridge) to Ripon; and from thence to the first rill of water, or watercourfe, on Hutton Moor in the county of York ; and for repairing the Houghs or rutts on the fai4 Moor. Certain tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Chippenham Bridge in the county of Wilts to the top of Togg Hill in the cotyitj of Gbucefter; and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the tojvpf Old Sodbury Hill in tbe laid county of'GlouceiUr. for % i years*

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and amending the (everal roads leading from the weft end of Upton Bt ulgc in the county of Worcefter to the parish of TirVey in the county of Gloucefter, and to the parifli of C^olwall in the county of Hereford; and to the further fide of a place called The Rid Green* in tbe road to the city of Worcefter, and through a place called Roberts End Street to Malvern Chace in the find county of Worce&eb Certain tolls granted for 11 years.

The End of tbe Twentieth Volume

