A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PUBLICK and PRIVATE

Anno vicesimo quarto

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the First Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

---

Cap. I. FOR further continuing, for a limited time 0ftask X made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the betur carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Mojcflys dominions and the inhabitants of the said States.

Cap. 2. To empower the east-india compatly to maled a dividend to the proprietors of East-india flock, a Midfumrner, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. 1

Cap. 3. For more effectually preventing frfcrods and abtifes committed by persons employee i the mamrfaflurts of eotntv ing wool, worried yarn, and goods made front worsted m^he county of Suffolk.

Cap. 4. For incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation a uihori fed by an al, passed in the eighth year of

t^irmle ofihe STATUTES.

of rtht ptfenvsf his prefenr majesty King George the Third, to be made from bimfogb&nxo bil/tone and Autherlej, with the oftxtfkaayrof proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by aa a, passed in the twenty thhd vear of the reign of his present Majesty, torfeeioisde from Birmingham to Faztky \ and for con fptidattog thtin(hates; and amending the said last mention ed ad.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the market place, and regulating the market within the town of Sheffield, in the west riding of the epuruy of yprk $ and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market place; and for taking down the present (laughter houses within ithe find town, and erecting others in a more proper filiation.

Cap. 6. To enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers, as have been in the land or sea service, or in the marines, or in the milkia, or any corps of fencible men, since the second year of his present majesty's reign, to exercise trades.

Cap. 7. For explaining certain acts of the parliament of scot concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims nme by the proprietors of the two manufactories, called The rope and soap manufacteriesofglafgov), to certain exemptions from custom* and duties, and for making compehfarion in lieu thereof.

Cap. 8. For establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post between Great Britain and Ireland

Cap. 9. To authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties 00 certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions therein mentioned

Cap. 10. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 11. For laying additional duties upon all candles, sex capt wax and spermaceti candles), and for more effectually securing the duties upon candles.

Cap. 12. To enable the governor and company of the bank ad Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

Cap. jj. For appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 14. To enable the of of his majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon eftpiirc deceased, and his Curettes; and for veiling his estates in tntfteop; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 15 For the better relief and employment of the poor Moitgin| to several pari (he within the town of Sbxewfbury and the liberties thereof, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 16. difeotwinoe the petty custom on aliens goods wnponed itov great: Britain, and the duty of cm per centum on

A TABLE OF thft RT ATUTRSC A

goods exported to or imported from the afediurrmeat Seat tt \ unqualified ships; and for repealing so much of an act paled irt^the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty as enactt*« that no part of the old subsidy shall be drawn back upon good > to the british colonies or plantation in amort*e. - <: n i

Cap. 17. For amending and rendering more cffcftujdaivwdf: i of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, inti* C tuled, An act for the bitter relief and employment of the pooroftho fc borough <?/dunheved otherxvife Launceston, and parish of Saint 1 Mary Magdalen, in the county of Cornwall; and for veiling she ri aftermowth of certain common lands within live borough n*for the 'purposes therein mentioned. i

Cap. 18. For laying additional duties upon paper paste; boards, millboards, and fealeboards; and for explaining eeruin, doubts respecting the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty sir ft year of his present majesty's reign intituled An act' act for repealing the present duties upon paper, pofteboards, mil \ boards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Cap. 19. To revive and continue an act made in the twelfth*year of the reign of his present Majestyyfor encouraging the rmae fasture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak barkf when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rxxte % for a limited time \ and for extending several acts of parliament relative to the manufacture of leather, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 20. For altering and amending an act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing wardens and affixy masters, for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, (o far as relates to tit said town of Sheffield.

Cap. 21. For the preservation and encouragement of the hat manufactory within this realm, by preventing the exportation of British hare skins, British hare wool, and British coney wool, and all undressed or untawed British coney skins, and for preventing any of the said skins from being stained or dyed; and for the importation of goats hair into this kingdom duty free.

Cap. 22. For enabling iir ashton Lever to dispose of his mo»feum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of chance.

Cap. 23. For further continuing, for a limited time, an a made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain infirumentt from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America 5 and to give to his Majesty, Jor a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the jubjt&t of bio Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United Status

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Cap. 25. For the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india Company, and of the British possessions in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

cipp^to repei!rfo much of two as, made in the tenth f ind fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as authoriies/iherlpeaker of the Mule of commons to issue his warrant to the'derkof the crown for making out writs for the election of members to fefrve in parliament, in the manner therein mentfoiurf) end for substituting other provisions for the like purports;

Cap. For laying an additional duty on hackney coaches; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating o hackney coaches.

Cap. $8. For authorffing the treasurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his majesty's ship Santa Mar isrertt^athe tike bounty for taking the French frigate called l'jma&piei as is allotted to the officers and men on board any of to majesty's ships of war, taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cipi. Fbr vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditament, 'm trustees, for better securing his majesty's docks, ship^and sores, at Por if mouth and Plymouth; and also for reverting, certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

cpa For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon li<*n£ellor retailing beer, ale, and other excifhble liquors.

Cap. 31; For granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses keptforthe? purpose of riding, and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable.;

Capita. To postpone the payment of the Turn of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank' of Engkmd, towards the supply for the service of the year one than&nd seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 33. For raffing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 34. For the relief of the East India company with re spea to the payment of certain sums due to the public, and to theaoceptance of certain bills drawn upon the said company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the said com

Cap. 35. To hnpower the bishop of London for the time being, or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or pried, persons being subjects or citizens ofcauatriesont of his Majesty's dominions, without requring them to take the oath of aifegrance as appointed by law.

Cap. 36. For repealing the present duties upon wax candles ©idc intyfaj/ Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other

A table of the STATUTES.

duties upon wax candles made in Great Britain,t*d at

imported, and tyioa licences to mate or (ell wax candies iin Great Britain. k,

Cap. 37. For granting to his Majesty certain adduiooal>ratrs of postage for conveyance of letters and packets, by utx within the kingdom of Graz Britain; for preventing; frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goodtun letters and packets; and for further preventing fraud and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letter and packets free from postage

38. For repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland dotiefc of excise thereon.

Cap. 39. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on linens primed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain nd for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dyinghc same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 41. For laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of, and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein.mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and render more cffe&uai, an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4n fr mere effectualpumish

nutit of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, ptffeffkn of goods or moneys by false or untrue pretenees; for preventing tkr unlawful pawning of goods \ for the eofy redemption goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourer servants, and apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the cafy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majesty Certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game.

Cap. 44. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the moneys arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and also by a land tax, granted to his Majesty by two acts made in the toftfession of parliament, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 45. To extend the powers of an act made in thotweety third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between be subject of his Majesty dominions and the inhabitapts of

A table of the STATUTES.

tfcrlijtftkdstateiof-aatritay to the trade and commerce of thi* km^rfotn, irjth thefinfi^donies and plantations in atrurus % with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

for a limited time, the payment of thpohttfc* tfpon low wirres and fprrits for home consumption, adfovgnmtrtgand securing the doe payment of other duties in g^kefeafj andfbr the better regulation of the making and ending jbtilijk spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportfctiott;and for defuoying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Myftystile duties of excise within the lands of Ftreniojb, in the totally of tnv&ness; and for discontinuing, for a limited timet ctvttaq frnpbftsand duties upon rum and spirits imported from*w<jun4tes.

Cap. 47. For the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this Mttgdoiti.

Cap. 48. For better securing the duties on larch and soap.

Cap. 49. For granting additional duties upon law and thrown (iik imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a ^awback upon the exportation of silks, and stuffs mixed with

Cap. 50. To revive and continue several laws, relating to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other artictes* his majesty's fogar colonies in America; and touch allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as fbnes, to be consumed on board merchant hips on their voyage? and to extend the provisions of an act of the twenty-third yttrof hisprdent Majesty, relative to the removal of wine m case, to winte removed in bottles and other packages.

Cap. 51. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by persons vending hats by retail; and aho certain duties on hats sold under such licences; and for laying additional duties on all hats and caps imported into this

Cap. 52. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven handled and eighty-four.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and diver plate imported, and also certain duties bn all gold andiffer wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Cap. 54. To explain and amend an act, made in the elevehtty aodtwtifth years of the reign of King William the Third, in whdftt, An 4$ ensile justices of peace to build and repair gaols % A Mr trfpeftiw esanties; and for other purposes therein mentioned'*'

Cap. 55. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty fooridytar of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act fantbt % mkiing and rendering more effectual the laws in being rets ann bssfrf of tatrefthn.

'capuij. ft)r the effectual transportation of felons and other

offenders j

A table of the STATUTES.

Senders; to authorise the removal of prisoners irictitaftt cases i and for orher purposes therein mentioned. - - u i

Cap. 57. To enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of 'thd former proprietors, upon certain terms and condition, thefbjr* feited eibtes in Scotland, which were put under the manured ment of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twentyififtr year of the reign of his late majestjr King George the seootidi and to repeal the said act.

Cap. 58. To indemnify such persons as have omitted' to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indefri* nify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to gifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; Irfid* to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, 1 attld borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be Ramped according to law, or having been Ramped, bave bei loll or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide.adttfip* Rons duly Ramped; and to give further time to such person ais have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution dentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, or to pay the db ties on the indentures and contrasts of clerks, apprentices, servants.

59. For extending, amending, and altering the powers of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigdlfo tut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the month of the river Carton, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Born foot, in that county ^/'dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and/or making a navigable cut or canal of tbm- munication from the port and harbour of Borrowftduntvefe, to join the said canal at or near the place inhere it will fall into the firth of Forth.

Cap. 60. For raising money to discharge debts contrasted bti account of the poor within the parish of chrtflchurch, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present workhouse of the said parish; and for further regulating though manner of rating to the poor, appointing overseers, and prefelv* ing all accounts relating to the offices of churchwarden and overseer of the poor, and treasurer, of the same parish.

Cap. 6r. For amending several roads leading fcomwoodjhck^ through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and fitttri Enfiow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxford. \ Cap. 62. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for repairing and widening the road from Alford /* boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To amend and render more effectual so much 6f two acts, made in the second and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, /cr repairings widening, and auetirtg jeyttal reads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and otbir placet in that

county

A table of the STATUTES.

omtyefvwcyn, etnd fbrrepairing and widening the read fntft tit

Cldhall in Tauistock aforesaid, through matthew street, and w^r brook^strert, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Ppflndt and from the Caliington turnpike road to Morwelbam and nffrquifi in the said county, as relates to the roads leading him the lower market house, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town q^y 10 Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old iprnd) near Plymouth Dock.

(^pw 6*. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in thettyrd year of his present majesty King George the third\ % for emending and widening several roads leading from or near the north pdoftbetown and borough of Totnes in the county of Devon.*Cap. 65, For completing, widening, and keeping in repair t^c road from Rowd Fordy through the Devizes market place? to Sheppard's Sbord y and from the east end of Devizes to the top 0ifled Hone, in the county of Wilts \ and for changing and au rising part of the said road.

Cap. 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the meeting hotife in the parish of l\anegwad\ fpfthe lime kilns ifi the parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan yr jilt in the said parish of Llanegwad, to pont y berem in the parish of Llangendeirney in the county of Carmarthen.

67. For repairing and widening the road from the Humbles in the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, through prankfort Gate to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the west end of the said bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play house, in the parish of Stoke Damarel % in the said county \ for lighting watching, and watering the said road 5 and for r emulating the (lands and fares of carriages ufine the same.

Cap. 68. For repealing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of salfordwar rington, Bolt on, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oah % in Worfey^ and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lmuafler $ for making more effectual Drovision for repairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in tpiflebury, to Agtcroft Bridge, and froth thence through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lane End and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kerfal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said county.

Cap. 69. T continue the term, and alter and enlarge he powctii ot an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of hi; present Majesty, for amending repairing, and widening several roads in the counties ^.radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

Cap. 70. For rerivingi continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty. intituled An act for repairing and widening the roods from Kirkby. Steven High Lane Head, in the county if weftcnorund, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatini of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Afkrigg*

A table of the STATUTES.

ht e/yorit, #6m»g*iseibebgh, ie kfckjty icendal>{ dtyt

I tl/etbi road jrtm the Foot. Lane Ends in Marsh mit^y M' ibf turnpike read tagrayvigg h*ak$jeaditgfrmapp\*b kht&f1

Kendal, in tbijatd ttunty of wefttnoruhds.

private Acts,

---

1. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right Honourable Edward the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

2. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

3. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns; and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Bally, and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish.

11. An Act to explain and amend a Power veiled in John Dalton Esquire, so grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate or Dalziell, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned; and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Roschall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same.

14. An Act for replacing the Sum of five thousand five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of six thousand two hundred and six Pounds four Shillings, Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of seventeen thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, in the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in Edward Mordant Esquire.

15. An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York

21. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Rowley, to apply Part of the Trust Monies in rebuilding the Mansion House called Tendring Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act for inverting the Estates late of Thomas Barlow Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act to impower Margaret Bowes Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates in the same County, of greater Value.

---

End of Table

THE

Statute at Large,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIV PART III

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III.

tice Britanniay Fran

vicesimo quarto

AT the parliament begun and botden at Westminster, the thirty first day of October, Anno fiomini 1780, in the twenty first y of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence, continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day November, 178-3 i being the fourth jrjjien of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties, upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feryke of the year one thousand seven hundred s^nd eighty.fout.

Malt act of 1 Geo. 3. further continued to June 14, 17*5, and 6 Geo. i recited. Clause of loan at a]. 10s. percent. Exchequer bills issued by virtue of this act to be placed at caih in the offices of the tellers of the re ^eipt of exchequer; to oe issuable thereout in common with other moneys, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal, for4 hours after demand fub}eft to action for the money and full coils. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Inter eft to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bilk are in the hands of receivers, C Bills paid to receivers, C to be signed and dated. Bills may be te issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books. 1001, penalty on receiver neglecting to keep hooks. Sec. Bills Ailed up by indorsertient; or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5, 0001, each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or endorsement thereon, felon V Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal fuma, which ftiah from time to time be in course of payment upon exthequer bills, as money is brought in, to be paid to the paymastert. Bills to be regiftefed in course. When

f f a money

4q8

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. —, 6, [1783.

moqeykreferredformym.ntrt*to «<€. toe control of stye tre^lury. Treasury to fcttl* lab nes of clerks, sc. tad to with periods to circulate bitti, Ac.rthe rat #fest'sets.'mr

pent per an. Comraftoei not difrbled i om being mown of ytnii*Ditnt, Ate. contra&ers may tow oc raise the ioterect, trnfury. Contraftorx to be naid oat of money utued to t|lejmm4ai«. tfo see to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, ca peony to be paid for interclt. Charges to be padodt of the cnisy fond/and to be replaced oat of the sir It lopplitt. cuufc of itutf bilfs lolf or dearoyed. Bills discharged to be skncelled. jinking Spprqpriated to difc]urge national opbts jncurred before Dec. 171c. jdentiency of the tax as Geo. % ho to he fupq^od Arrears m former dutiq to by applied iu id of the (uppti* granted fof ttte ytar

fr*t

CAP. II.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the left session

K" meat, intituled An ft for preventing certain inurumehtn froqi. required from ships belonging to the United States of America }*

tad to gih a Itif fa*power see t«m}

etter carrying of trade ard ejotproercc between the jesty's dominions, and the inhabitant of the said United s^atet,

*3 Geo. 5. C 39* recited 3 and continued until April sor 1784.

CAP. III.

An act to continue so much of an made in the Uft fefioa ofparhq*

ntent, as allows further pine lor the payment of certain Ipmf uuft p to become due to the public, from the united company of merdbqntt of England tfading so the East Indies 4- '

13 Geo. $ C 83. recited. Commissioncn of the trqafpry may low (fcf Company furthe/time for ftp payment of their debt due t6 tttepfjbtycfc sill May i, 1784* '.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, so be rtiftd hi

Britan, for the (* rvice of the year one rhontgnd ffw* hpqdfrd

ihd fi|hty fopr.

Four Shillings in the pound

CAP. V

An a to, treble the pm pany of proprietors of the Borrowstownness

navigably cut'or canal, 'more esse^uajiy to compiet* and maintain 'ibf same.

AS 8 Cjeo. 3. C 6 facetted. Company of proprietors impooerod to re a fuithey Turn of t, ooool* to be divided into shares of 50b each ' bob (criptions raised fine the passing the foriner aft, deemed part of the cap tal frock. If fuhlci iptions prove deficient, the company may bocroy phoney, and assignthe tqd^ qafccuritj.*'

% '1

CAP. VI.

An act sir (flahlifiwg certain the and

conveyance of letters aridpacicts ty tin toft Great Britain and Ireland. " 1

Preamble. W^ by an ta made he the fourth year of/be reign Recital of of his present Mqefly, intituudt An act for preventing* Geo. 2. c. 14, frauds and abuses in relation to the sending ant) receiving of

letter

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 409

letters ap<spackets free, 'frost the duty Of portage; ethtr things enoffed, That mo letters or'packtiibythgpi/l; io % r

fror^ anyplace whatsoever, ball bt exempted frpht paythg the of'

p^fdjte, txtept such letters And packets as art therein excepted: end

vmteaj a ptfr office ittthe kingdofn of Ireland jrintended to be tfia

bnfinds, independent if that bf Great Britain jfrr iobieh case it will,

banectjjary that proper regulations be made for tarrying on the cor rtfpbndetite by fiojl, between Great Britain and Ireland, and that be Utters or packets (except in the cases her tin a fur to be mentioned) Should pass free of postage from the one kingdom to the othpr: fpf /

Which purpose, ttlay it please yodr Majesty that it tttajr bfc.eha&*

d; and be it enacted by the King's rtioft excellent majesty, by and With the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That; immediately from and Part of 018 aftdr the ertabiilhroent Of a general port office in Ireland; by recited aftt the authority of the parliament of that kingdom; fd tnuih iff rteeftihiis^ the said a, made mthelbutth year of the feign of his preftht ment of Majesty, as relate id letters and packets, printed votes, pro neral post t ceding in parliament, and printed ntwfpapers, parting by the office oy portfire from fife duty of polfagej from jr' Britain to fre-"'*" idnd, and from Ireland to Great Britain, Mil be and the fa the

1st hereby repealed;

II. And whereat the conveyance if letters and packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and froth Ireland to Great Britain, is intended' toe bt defrayed at the expend ojfthe revenue bf Great Britain, 1 be it therefore further enabled. That ndthing hefein contained thill Not to Ueprivb deprive, or be eonrtrued iddeprive; the port inafter gin erai fob, he pottmaf the time?bring; >ahd his deputies; of the portage and Convey ^'ssftawe % abco of leners alid packets frotfi Crept and and Iran ire from Ireland to Great Britain, dr pretent the said poftirtafter land, general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving; and taking; for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, thd rates by any aa 6r afrs Of parliament payable for the fsfcme.r " f: -

III frnd be it farther enafrid by the authority aforesaid; thatieshall and thay be lawful to and ft his Majesty port cemftiissu nvafter generalj and hii deputies, aftd he and they are hereby

required'ro demand and receive, for the port and cohveyahec*of all letters and packets for Ghat Britain, cjbried by the port general, to be Within any part of Ireland; id addition to the rates of poftagi accounted ff hereby reserved, fuek further rfrds Of portage as shall, upost thfe to the post establishment of a port office in Ireland, be chained sot cofikey Pjj?, n, r abea of letter a and packets therein; 'by tni act of ifrsto be hereafter made by the parkament Of that kingdom; and that his majesty'j portmarter general shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the revenue of thf port office of Ireland, quarterly fitch portage fid to accrue nith

id the kingdom of Irelands, and to he, received within'that of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

f 2 Poooolf*fhet* y

vjuuv LV 9

io Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. fi.'[i^jv

A temporary That, until the general poll office, otlrelani shall have cfta auowance to blished packet boat for the port and.conveyance of letters and the post office p3^615 from Ireland to Great shall he allowed in in faeiand. account, from the general letter office or post offica it\great Britaiflj. to the revenue of the poll office in afunviioc

ex^feding four thousand pounds per annumby quarterly payments, in lieu as well of the profit of the said packets, as in compensation for other, purposes.

V. And be it fprther enacted by the authority aforesaid. General poll That the poll mailer general of Great Britain, and all and every office in Ire other person and persons in whom the buildings eroded) in ad J Dublin, and known by the name of The General pejl <$bct

the'portmaf falanti, are or shall be veiled, shall, and he and they ane^ierw

ter general by severally authorised and required, so soon as a. poll effie tuic. shall be established in Irela by authority; af the parliament

of that kingdom, to assign over and convey to the postmaster. general of Ireland foe the tipie being, for the use of his Majesty, hi, heirs and successors, without any consideratrqnbciagpaid for the same, all and hqgqlar the said.feuildings, and silt right, tiik', and interest whatsoever, in and, to the same.

yt And be it further enacted fey the authority afore&d* Postmaster That it shall apd may feejawful for his^mryefty s postmaster ken*t*j*y general far the time being to authorise certain.persons to fond tainp«rfoo*r* ', n4 receive printed votes, proceedings parliament, and print to (end and4 newspapers, by the pod, to and from britain.nnd. tr*- receive print lanle at the rate of, one penny only for each printed vote and d yotes, Ac., proceeding in parliament, and each printed newspapevover Ireland^"4h°ve the printed price thereon, to be carried to the re Venn of the pod office of Great Britain j and all printed votes and proceedings in parliament, apd printed newspapers, So font and received, shall be free from any other rate of pottage wfeatfaever.

Any person.; .; Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any per

may son whatsoever to send any printed votes, proceeding in par

the*' I lament, and printed newspapers, by the poll, to and from pod, (or i d. greatxbretain and Ireland, at the rate of qifoi penny only. for. foe

each, provided.carriage of caclv printed vote and proceeding.in parliament, and the packets each printed newspaper; such printed yores, proceedings and eacfcend.* printed newspapers, when solent, to be open at both ends rim penny required to be, paid for the carriage of the same to be paid when the said printed votes, proceedings in parliament,

and printed newspapers, (halbe put into, the pod office; which primed votes, proceedings, in parliament, and printed newspapers; be marked Post paid, and the mpoey received thereon shall be carried tq the revenue of the pofl office of Great Britain.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. ff. fi 41|;

CAP. VII.

hfn.act to explain and attend an act, mad jvfflth of fit.

tnt, intituled An act for repealing ah a, rtlarfe t the' ', ., year of his present Majesty, entitled; An act for charging ajldmp duty ufiin inland hills of exchange, promjftfj notes or aether notes, payable btherinfi thah demand', and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, pfomif ibry and other notes; and also stamp ddties bn receipts: and for indemnifying all persons who bavi written exchangexpromtffiry tr other hole, or any, net Jldmped

cording to law.

WHEREAS b$dh aft, made in the fejfon of parliament, ft eamtill#

(entitled, An adb foi repealing an act, made in, the twenty, feeotidyear of htspreftnt Majestyj Entitled, An act fern tbarging if amp duty upon inland bill) of exchange, promiffoty notes, or other notes, payable otherwlft than upon demand', and for grans*

"Sng newstamp dutiesirt bill! of exchange, promissory and other notes; and also stam(f dutlfcj on receipts;,) it was from and after the fihfl day of Augolt, one fetters hundred

hind eighty-three; sliere fiomd be rfifed, levied, eollested, and paid,

-pbrdtghout the kingdom of Gtdt Britain, word and for the act of his Majesty, his heirs andjuceefbrs, thefeveitl rites and duties follottm tag, ft hat is to say), for every' pieceef t parchment, or

sheet or piece of paper, upon ttihith any foreign or inland bill of change, promissory note, or other note, draught, or, Should It in

jgroj/cd, written, ofprihtti, wh&r the therein, or

btade payable' thereby, Should nit amount - Jam of fifty

here jhottld be chargedaflamp duty offi and sir ewdy

if vellum or parchmtai; or jhcet or piece of piper upon which foreign dr inland bill of exchange, probsijjity or other non, draught, or order, fholtld be ingrossed, written, or printed. When the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should amount to the sum if fifty pounds, oh upwards, there Jbotld be charged ofuty of one hilling; and it was enacted, That, from And After the first day of Septembef, cue thousand fevtti hundred and eighty tbrei,

there Should be hailed, levied, cohested, dnd eke

Kingdom of Great Britain, the several rates and duties fcutwlug;

(that is to say), for every piece of vellum Or parchment, or Jhettt piece if paper, Upon which any receipt or given upon the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and nit to tfre sum of twenty pounds, shodld be ingrossed. Written, or,

there Should be charged a stamp duty of two penie; And for every piece efvewim etparcbbihst, or Jhcet er piece of paper. Upon which

any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money; amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, and upwards, Should be '*.

grossed, written; eh printed, there Should be charged

fourpence: and it was further enabled sold aft, That ml powers, provisions, articles, clauses, di/lributions of, ant.

forfeitures, and all other matters and things preftribrd Or appolfttej

i. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. [{7§$

by gay firmer a or totof pa relating to thefiamperdmtia

on vellum, parchment, and effmdftru

' with relation 49 the duties thereby awjjbtnld beopphod

sit in (xecution for the roifing, 'levying, coee&tg, aadffeeuftmgjb*

aid new duties thereby unpefed, to the true 'tnttett mi

meaning of the said ail as fully and tt oft.intents, had

fiposes, as if the same bad feverauy and respectiveif been thereby enaffect, fvith relation, to the fold new duties thereby imp fid z whereas by severgl of the laws now in force relating to toe fifinp. duties on vellum parchment, and paper it was Ybatjjfting

persons or persons Should ittgross, or cause to written, upon any vellumjparchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, isthereby. Charged to pay any duty before suck ye the faii vtsttm* parti went, or paper, shall ie marked or stamped as oforgsaid*

'Which there ball net be same mark or lamp rejeumtug the same, nr fts'otddingrofs or write, or cgu he wgrtjffd or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment or paper, he

marked or stamped. for any lower duty than by fitch afff^gye.

able for what Jhtuld be so ingror written, such per foot foofini

dag field', for every futh offforfeit the fugs, of five, pounds;

and. by other of the said laws the penalty and forfeiture impy/etl an such offence it ten pounds: and whereas double hove arisen, whether thefetid recited a8 of the daft of parliament extendi any nr.

gither, and which of the Penalties by the said fermtr ags

'; of parliament, tt bius of exchange, and other notes, and

receipts or otherdi/charget g

dum, parchment, or paper, net properly ft fifed: foe remedy where, and to obviate such doubts, may it please your msjeay tjwt it majr.be enacted; and be it enacted by the ksng'smod cxccf jent mriefty, by and with thfc $dvice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenc partial Mo person, enent assembled, and, by the authority of the same, That, from

after March isar the twei>tjr hfth day of marcha one thousand ieren

wrltvorfiaa 'hundred and eighty-four, all and every person or periods who any bill of Hullwrite or signor cause to he written orsigned, any bid of exchange, exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt ortothep<dtf jsharae given for the payment of money, liable to.any starop ceiptfliame charged by the said recited act of the lait.session of psrlia

to any tamp meat, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without duty by the the same being first duly damped as in and by the said AIS trfson* directed, or upon which there shall not be some damp or najrrfc cepton stamp. rcktnbling the same, he, she, or they shall, for cvcry such bill ed paper, cof exchange, promissory or other note, or any such receipt or on penalty of other discharge, so written or signed, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the said recited acts is directed, or in manner herein after men

All aerihaa'l>rov^e^ >lw*y*» and be it enacted by the authority afore iitdtmriitd laid. That no person shall be liable to any prosecution for hav

tarhawag ing written or signed, or cabled to be written or Signed, pre

vtoufc

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. V 4i j

vioostto^the coitmcrictttient bf This act any bhlbf exchanj^v Cgtierf foe promrflbry ordther note, Or any Receipt ot Other di&harge for reccjp^»^the paymept of money, upon any piece of vfcllum, parchment, ^t*r, foes or papery not duly stamped according to the directions contain the com. ciin the said recited act of e last fefftoh of parliament. mencerowitrf

'Ml, 'And whereas drafts cr orders for the payment of money on thil detkemd upon any banker or person or persons sitting as a banker, r fiiitfg or transa&ikg the bufmefi of a banker within icy miles ofthk plait'pffibode f the per Job cr persons drawing such draught or order, amimptei bp the foetid bir$in bcft>re reeked aft from the payment of the samp duty thereby imposed: and whereas it might tend to pre leni ttrfons, if fochixttopfim was confined to drafts cr orders mptde payable it the bearerbe it therefore further enabled. That all Draught m drafts Or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon hanker, not airy ©anker, person or persons adingas bankers, which are not'w^.^ to the drown payable to the bearer, shall be, and the same are hereby the

declared to be; liable to and chained with the stamp duties by tame duties the eeui ^heretis before recited act imposed upon foreign or in» ot; landbtusfof exchange, promi(tory notes, or other notes, drafts exchange, Sec or'enters* theherein before recited exemption in the said act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it was not the intention of the said recited act " tojubjebtto anyfiamp duty any note, drafts or order, which may be legally gfaen for'anyjum not amounting to forty billings, therefore be kenacted, That no lamp duty shall be required for or on tfott &c. account ea any draught, ordfcr, or note, which may legally be under 4^1. given, wherem the futh exerefled or made payable does hot anrmoot io the sum of fotiy shillings. anywy.

V. And xvbefeasy by net said herein befdre recited aftythe duty thereby granted on receiptvis directed to be paid by the person reyuir, ing the faene/(except as therein cs exceptedj, and a penalty is by this ssh impofti Ofraty person who ball give a receipt on any parchmentf vellum, at paper, not properlystamped as by the said act if directed: and whereas it wduld be a great convenience to traders and others to furnish the receipt properly stamped, if they were allowed to make if

charge thereof be it therefore enacted, hat it shall and may Personi re be lawful for soy person or persons required to give any required to give ceipt, to provide the paper stamped and marked as by the said*rep recited act is efireded; and such person or persons shall and may adefthe value of the stamp to the debit of the account of chmge n fthe.person requiring the same, or to the demand, for the dif value tfecjeot charge of which the said receipt was required; which said charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rcoeiptafor thing In this act, or in the herein before recited act contained, thr pare shall extend, or be. cqqftrued to extend, to charge or impose m7f V*, any stamp duty upon any receipt given or to be given for the sfordhi xonsideration for the purchase of any share in any public flock derd* tfcrreof* or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the bank of not hableto

' England, duf>'«

4*4 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. £. f. f,

England East India company, or South Sta company, or for the dividends paid or payable on such shares of the said flocks, ^thofifor

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by drawbacks, the authority aforesaid, That riothing in this act, or in the be fore recited act of the last session, (hill extend, '6r be confirmed to extend, to charge any receipt given or required to be given*for aily money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks pr bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or customs; nor to any portage bills allowed to matters of ships of vessels for making a just and true report of their fcargo at the customhouse; any tiling in this act, or any other': act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

fto bill of'VIII Provided also, alnd be it further enacted That no bhl exchange, of exchange, promissory of other note, receipt or other dit nor recharge given for the payment of moneys required to be stamped stamped0after Incited a of the last session of parliament, shall be

written.or«permitted to be stamped at any time after the same flwlll have signed, uttiefs beeri written or signed, unless upon payment bef the fuin of ren upon payment pounds; ahd; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined ° 16*and required, upon payment of the duty, and the said funa of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give & receipt for the same; and to ftiark or (lamp such bill of exchange, promissory note, receipt or other dischargp given for the payment of money,

V / with the: mark for (lamp required by the said htfem before re j \ \: !; cited aft'/ \\\\ m m

anvneigh*IX And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, '

bouring juf That it shall and may be lawful to attd for any justice of the t ee may de peace reading'near the place where the offence shall be com ^ncjngainst Head, to, hear ?nd determine any offence against this act, of tbii act. the said recited act of the fast lesion of parliament Which subjects the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of signing, for causing to be written or signed, dhy bill of ex chartgc, promissory or other npte, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money, without the same being first duly statripod; which fard justice of the peace fs here; r by authorised and required, upon any information exhibited,

of complaint made, in that behalf, to summon the party ae

cussed, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcffioti of the party, of by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, td give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is i^ffidti* may directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand b^ievied by and scat for the levying the said penalty of five pounds so ad

iiutrcu. judged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be

made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six { urr days, rendering to the pany the overplus, (if any); and where fender to be t, lc g0ck, s of such offender cannot be found sufficient to attswer Qommiued. the penalty, to commit such offender to prison there to remain

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. .'copr ' 4*1

for thefpaoeef three srionths* unlwk such pectinfeay penalty "'shall be (boner'paid and satisfied: and if «nry perfoaar pecfona perth)wag shall find himself orftrenbselves aggrieved by the judgement of noy such justicejthen 'he orthcylhau and may, upbft giving, o(ertec«. feowrity to the amount of the value of factr penalty and foot nty) appeal to feittite, together with faohebfta its. shall be awarded in edit the quarter fiieh judgement hail be affirmed, appeal to the instieesriftbe peace at the next'general quarter Hfffionsidr the bounty, ridings vrplace, whichithsm happen ahsrittatfteen days next after facta con vision shall have been made, and of which apfieai radon able notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnessfcs Uport oathy and finally to hear and whose dettr determine tie same:, and in case the judgement of such justiqe n»in»ttoo shall bd'affirmed, t shall be lawful ror such: jufocei. to' jiwara the persan of pprfens to payfutheofts occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem tneet. Provided nevertheless, That Justice may it shall and may bdlawfiil to and ferthe said jdftfeej whett he I

shall see cadfe; 'to mitigate andleflen any such penalties as he ni Ue'*

(hast think fit, treasonable posts and charge of the officer and Informers, as well in makingithe discovery ain <prafeartirtg the same, being always allowed, over and abott rtboh*'mitigation}, and so as such mitigation dq. not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and cft&rges; any shing'tfonfainetfhvrtb af, or atpy othfcr adv of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any per(pp, ot persons Penalty an

shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to giveeviddcce fine

before such jufdce or justices, touchin| any tie m«tqrs rp

lattve to this adft or to the hefeilffoefofe recited act orpe lat shall neglect session of parliament, and (hatl neglect or refuse (6 appear at thy to appear, time and place to be for that purpose appointed; (his. or her reasonable expends being fist paid or wndfefed^; 'withoor a reasonable excuse fcrr such neglect Or refofal, tb be allowed of by such juwce or justices of the peace, of appearing, shall re fsjfe to be examined on oath*..end give evidence before Aieh justice or justices of the peace bofere?whom the ptofecutkmlhali be cfependiing, 'that then every fufrfi person foall forfeit, for everjr sikh qncrt'ce, the fom of toffy Shillings, to be levied and paid ih such manner, and by fitob means, as is herein dkeded as to other penalties, without*reasonable ex€ti(d "f- -- fiaftl, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace

XI. And be it further enacted, ' That all forfeiturpsfcafvd pc penawe* and

nalties mentioned in this act (the eeceflary eharges for the re forfeiture covers thereof being first deduced )shall be divided and distrf 0*'

bated, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his majestyvftarilp duties, (or some person authorised by him to receive the lame), for the use of his Majesty, and the other

moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted That no person or Cowptaiatt,

persons C under this

4*«,

ik, to bit fciade wit hilt*year afttt that oftcncd.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8; t.

[1713.

person shall be liable to beacon vi&fid before any justice of peace for any offence Committed against tbh ad, or an act inpi An at fvh thtulifig ari ofl, made tbi f,

pxtftnt a&tftflfr intituled, An act for charging a ftaotpdtoty inland bills of exchange, proratftbry tews, oooothernoteay an aue oahnrwifetfaan rtpondetnarid; Mi ftrgritting a^aojdnft ddtiet en tills if exchange, prmiffbrj and other rates, and, dutitienreceiptsi on)c&complaintor informattoa4uh bemads Or exhibited against such person or perform wi tfeift ote ytaad after such offence committed;

..C A piviifi -! ter M) six

An act for the more iity and speedy recovery of witfiia the

town nod port of Dovor, and the pafifbes Of Umritoo^ Unrtrlimfa 'river, Ewell, Lydden, Cotdred, Easttangdon, West Larigdon, Ril* Would, Saint Margaret's At Cliss, wjntftdd Otherwise Beatosfidd^ Gufton, Hongham otherwhe* huffb^m# Capfe It Fern, and Atfcham, 'and also the liberty of Oovor Cattle, in the county of k^nti t V ".

The name and style to be the Court 6f Resets in that Totm atfdtffert of Dovor debts above stf. and Under 40 s may be recovered therein conf jnii&oiitfs appointed.*-.*.'

/. cap. it, V ': V

An act to enlarge that powers of an a mad in Hit tbf

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, irtx£ukd,an>ftfcr draining and preserving certain marsh and fen lands, and kw jrniftij in that parish of Wiggenhull srintmafy Magdalen, in the

morftht.' - - - 4t '

t^.si; \;*

Recital of an t^yg«p. ». & if. tofmhlflioriers in ((us. Meetings of commurentra as in*n*"to say a further tat bf J

ot Sdttb and Hottb Headin lands off the est ftdtofvsaid

f*s. tfdf. per dear per arn on lands bn Heading Drains, and r V5 d/pef ioe bear ofvsaid dftdnt. Rates ft be m'lmh i until payment of the mora abe, frotm^ed. j fasterttf bofttfcfl and to assign the rates as i tecurity. Mortgageebjriytdirtftsag sqod

that money to be, borrow, jusd interest thereof Ciedtotrt m'dhbidl fof interest. if not paid half yearly, or withip three fhtotbetiftfn Aetata rides transtiprrable. A dabi, bankv drdiq, and umc^jtodx wkbii tbrtt months after paling this a a, tcrots'yhe eiid of The forth jfgofc, Froriio, that at she ekpiraction Of fomnears, if nidd^m, cial to the dran|ge of hmdadputh.nf sod shud^lmd/^fanseso be rertioved, May jnake^allpwa^ct for.catcbi^g ..mol^iaqdivttb^u rwb^ trees of nbl^rth bise within 400 ertftod by eh&or the former&\

within that fiiote duusicv. NO

drainage of oipitraown jamroniy.^ dclpbik*9me> of

to this. AH £u(anto be conmhtnctd within ________

brought ih ndftpftjv central*«ut, Trebk Costs tv ra

pb3.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. p, to — o a,

CAP. X

in for appointing of tq nut in execution an act of this teflion of parliament, intituled, A nft for granting an aid to lima.:: r'

jetty by a land Ux, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; together with those named in two former ab for appointing conjinifjioner* of the land tax and with those named in an act of the lait (elhon of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for ttye service of the year qnf thousand fetren hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI.

An act for punhbing mutiny and defeetioli and foe the better payment of the army and their quarter \

1.»N tl 1»/ '

Nmator offorcet 17, 4*3, including, ojo invalids, pontinped for one year.

Cap. xn.

ftn ofl to authorise the removal of prisoners efrtain cases; on if

amend the eaves rtfptfling the transportation of offenders.

WHEREAS difficulties have occurred, which Moped pfttmw*.

the tarrying into execution ftnttncts and orders of transportation of convuls to places beyond the feat', and it may be same time before. the said diffint/tiettan be obviated: and whereas, from the un

usually, great, number of offenders new under death and

refybted during his Majesty's phasure, or under sentente or order of transportation, its the gaols within England Wales, is

futh a want of convenient and efficient room in many gaols

then very dangerous caufogvtutes atrt to be apprehended, unless some immediate prmfionbe mode for removing futb offenders to same other

plate cfxonfpetnent: be it therefore enacted Toy the king's moult rxcetfept nhuefty, by end with the advice m.d. content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com moot, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority' of the lame. That, Hit Mijtfty front and Tttlfoediately after the twenty hftb day of one imnowered to

theiifapd fevea hundred and eighty-four, it/bail he lawful for 10

his Majesty. from time to time, by an order in writing to be jvmrs notified by one of his majesty's principal feoretariet of ft ate, or of peace to for any three or more of fitch of his majesty's justice of the order, the repeace acting in and for the county, city, or placet m which of "*" such gaol wall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Ma r feotence' jetty, under his sign manual, to direct the removal of any one of death, cor more male offender or offendera, who, during the coarinu from any gr pnee of this act, shall he under (entance of death with a reprieve i" g( during his Majestyb plcashire, or under lenience or order of w* transportation, and who, baring been examined by.an experienced surgeon or apothecary, than appear to be free from any putrid or infc&ipua distemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such o/fcoder or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within or the dominion

; aot

or to de jfster offender t according to such orders, withes'proper' {frufifmf.

Gaolers sees, and expenses of icmoval, to be paid by jbe county.

Ovtrfcertp to whom such

Sriionera are divered, to have theiame powers over them as gagi. fh C

a#md uitfeflfttop*w*<* Oroaiwi HIC. f 1« [ 17s

minion of /if'i/rt, either at land, or on board any ship ar vdfci in the river Thames or any"navigable or oilier river or within the limits of any port of England or ivala, as his Majesty, ot ny thto bir more of such jufrices, authorised as aforekkl* lhafl from time to time appoint, and under the xnan^mmi of ant vcrfeeror over/eers to be appointed by his majesty^.oe.w three efr triore of such justices authorised as afaceiaid; and offender who l^iali be f removed shall continue rathe fed place of confinement, ox be removed to and confined in any aether such place or places as aforesaid, s his majesty9«as any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid from time to me shall. appoint until such offender be. transported according touw or by the expiration of the term C such trvnfportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his LI

Sty, or until his Majesty, or until ny three or more ef such [ices, authorised as aforesaid, shall direa the rett^m of^frefi tnder to the gaol oj prifc^ from whi$h heltull have been (b removed,

II. And be it further enacted, That the sheriff poc gamier, having the custody of any offender whose removal Audi oe ordered ir manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed after receipt of the notification of any suchordof^ cotsvey^ or capfe to be conveyed, every such offender to theplaceappoinr edr and there deliver him, with*certificate of b>»r durfftian name, surname, and age, and of his offence and ofi the coart in which he was convicted, and also of the purport of his Sentence, to such overseer or overseers as aforesaid trim fhatfgrve a proper receipt ip writing to the sheriffor gaoiecy fijr tkojdtf charge of fitch sheriff or gaoler.

III. And be it further enacted, That all fees, m^elhicsin* out of the custody of fu$h Ihcrrff or gaoler any fudr offender (q ordered to be removed, as hath ufuatty bten paid, and wfcol4 have beet due to hem respectivety if such offewder had bdn removed in order to have been transported, and U itajahable expenses which lit sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every seth, removal, shall be paid by the county, riding city, hbrotigb, liberty, or other division, for which the court m Wtiohithe offender was convtded shall have bees held 5 and the'fhetjff or gaoler shall receive the money due for such fees and expenses from the treasurer of such county, riding, city, hetoogh, liberty, or other divigon* such spes and expenses bring fast allowed by the order of the justi cos of the peace at their quartern or other general sessions of the peace, who act hereby raprired to males fitch order as hah be justin that b*h^> M*1

IV. And be it further enacted, That after deeeei^> of^ny Offender under this acv the overseev who shallhawe the ebstody of him shall, during the term of such custody, /hsvcvthe lame pesters over trim3' atietaddtnc to the oflue of a sheriff or gaoler and m like manner be answerabk fbriany escape of such offender'; and also during such custody ffiafr teed and clothe sikh ofifeuder, and (hrimsep him^4u(fh madfter, and

when

78 g, 3 Anno vicesimo quatfs>, 5i£ob©jiili & 1*. 419

where the same can safely be done, permit Mm to labour at uch places, and under fitch directions, limitations, and.restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such justice* authorisied as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, t>y dny order: a be directed to fuph overseer or oyerfcprs for their instruction, appoint; and mall allow hijp half the profits arising from such Prisoner tft labour for his own ufej1 and in thp mean time, as nearly in j*u°w.ed conformity io the treatment of persons committed so houses of correctiop as the nature of the c*fe will allow.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no but shall not

thing contained in this act shall extend to authorise putting to*

labour any person, whilst he continues confined by vjrtpe of work tins ad, who shall not content thereto,

VI. And it is hereby declared, That all the timp during Time of im

which any offender, being removed under the provisions afore prifopment te said, shall continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be reckoned in discharge, or part discharge, or satisfaction of the of tranc.

term of his transportation, so far as such time shall extend. portatioa.

VII. and.be it further enacted, That if any offender shall, overreersmny during such custody under this act, be guilty of any milbcha inflict mode viour or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such overseer rtwpf"lfh'jr pt overseers. the custody of such offender, to inflict, or srtmrioarae, fause to be instided, such moderate punishment as may be in ffided by law on persons committed to a house of correction) and if any fuph offender shall break from, or unlawfully leave ihn custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall refeue, or attempt to refcuc, or alfift in rescuing, any such offender from such custody, or hall supply any arms orinftra* tnent of escape, or any disguise to such offender, every such offence shall pa punishable in the same manner as if such offender was in a.gaol or prisen, i the custody of the sheriff or other gaoler, far. the crime of which such offender shall have been convicted.

And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the Overseers to several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make returns pdvfinll, from time, to time, make returns. specifying the o the court lames of every person io their custody the offeoce^of which he of King s shall have been guilty, the court before which be shall have Bench, the been convicted, the (entente of the court, with his age, and soil day of bodily ft ate, and his behavnour whilst in custody also the mry name of such offenders who shall have died under such custody, or shall have efoaped, or have been lawfully released from the same; which returns shall be made the first day of every term

fco his majesty, court of King's Bench at, on the

oath of the person or perfossomking the lame > such oath to b

before the said court or any commissioner authorised te sake affidavit! in the same.

IX. And yohates there art fhvertl persans in county and

(itj, goals in England and Wales, under internes and orders'mode hyajttjliwar justices ef peas at their fijitns, or in s

furnmaryw&j^ oftd net warding ft tit ustrft;

4i0 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. e. t. [iy8j.

be it further enactct|, That it (halt and may be lawful for a»jr a renwve voce of albae or great session, or any two or more justices of; prisonertcom the peace, within whole jurisdk5hoi> the said gaol it Situate, to mfeted hr juf remove any such person or persons to any house of correctioa ea of peace, within the feu jurlldiition, there to remain in execution of the said Sentence or order.

X. And whereas the security required by an passed in the

fourth year of the reign of his late King George tbf (intituled An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, 'and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law upon same points relating to pirates), relates only to tie fortation of offenders to his Majesty's colonies and tn

America: and whereas an till, passed in the nineteenth year hie

frefent Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend the saws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other puomb ment, of certain offenders), bath not provided any feevrity to be Any court taken fo/feod thereof; be it ensiled. That it shall and may be |awfu| for a, y court, having competent authority to order the she tnn&or. transportation of offenders, or any person or perfaqs duly natation ofof thorised for that purpose, to require and take, from any person fcader>, fp)jr or persons who thai) be willing to contract or agree see the cepi transportation of any offender or offenders, Sufficient security mdiwfecu that he or they will transoort, or esufe to be transported effec iky for their toally, such offender or offenders to the place to which he, fhc, wmijporting or they, is; are, or shall be ordered to be transported; and that kw lethe said offenders, or any of them, shall not be Suffered to return from the said place to any part of Great Britain, by the wilful default of such person or persons so corn raising as aforesaid, or his or their assigns) and instead of the certificate required by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to take security for the production of such other evidence of the ailual transportation of inch offender or offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the nature of the case may warrant.

XI. And vohertos the provisions of the said ail i passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his frefent Majesty( (, act to

explain and amend, the laws mating to the transportation, unit offender! prisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders), are

notfuffklent to obviate the difficulties which have ariftn in tarrying tusufierted rucinikn sententes and orders for offelons, and

toihtpiace others now astder confinement: and whereas, in order tefaeistott mentioned in the transportation of such felons, and others, it is nectssary, that au t Set r same nee, shortly Should be given to transport them to any proper place beyond* fa*although the said place be not mentioned in the sentente or

fcemsyerder order feet their tronfportation: be k ensiled. That if any offender

tun to b hath already been ordered to he transported to any part beyond

transported the feasor if hereafter any offender shall be under the fike

2*«, tlwv<r estdtr, d such order cannot be conveniently executed with sal think trefpea to the place in such order mentioned, it (halt and may

ftafer. be lawful for the court of King's Bench, or for the court before

which

1783.] Anno hvicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i2; which any fisch perfoiv hath b$*n or shall be cgnvidfed, or anf court holder for the same county, city, riding, liberty division, or place, haviqg like, authority; or whilst the court of King's Bench is not sitting, for any two justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Puns, or barons of the Exchequer, of the degree of the coif, iftuch court, or such two justices or barons, shall t)tink ftr, ta order that such offender shall be transported to any Other part beyond the seas, which shall appear to such court proper for tha£ purpose, in speh and the like manner, and for the fapae term of yrs, as such offender is or shall be liable tq be, transported to the place mentioned in the original sentencef orf order, for his or her transportation; and such order shall be conf^dcred's made at the same time, and shall be as effectual tip every intent"and purpose, and (tiau have all the same consequences in every respect, as the opgioal.order for thetranspor tafiqn of (such offender $ and such pffender shall be transferred Obeyed, and made over to any person who will contract for he performance of such transportation, and to his or their ail^gpa, ih like manner as if such offender had been transported to jh$ place mentioned in the original order of transportation nqd (hch person or persons so contradfing as aforesaid, his or ^(iigp$, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, mfjlitavea property m.d. jpterest in the service of the said of tender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported $ in case such offender io ordered for transportation shall be afterwards at large within aqy part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without fotne lawful c^use, before the expiration of the term for which such offender ftalj have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, ^i^hereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and shall be tried before nd in such manner, and the same, evidence made of for his or her conviction, as are directed by the laws now i^jbcing for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported; whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such pffender so found at large within this kingdom, shall be entitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the same manner as any person may be entitled to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecutipg to conviction, any offender ordered to be transported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for >yhich such offender was ordered to be transported: provided always, jthat it shall not be lawful to order any offender to be transported to the coast of Africa, who shall be under fentcace or order of transportation to any other place.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the expends of carrying this act into execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both hoyfes of parliament; and after.de*dudling the reout the profits, if any, arising from the earnings Vol. XXXIV Gg*ot

4v

Offenders returning before the expiration of their terra to foffer death.

sol reward for prosecuting such of feeders.

Expenses of " executing this act to be laid annually before both houses of parliament.

422

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i3. [it

of the offenders who shall Iibour in any of tftt pi tort of confinement to be appointed by virtufe Of this&, shall bit prtfvfcfed for in the next (applies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Persons profc

XIII. And be it farther ehaaed, Thfct if any fiiit or action cuted for cxe shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for any tiling aaml y plead one n pursuance of this act, such person btperfdirs may plead the general the general issue, and givt this act, or 'thfe speciil matter, in issue; evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fatafe

was done by the authority of this act: and if a vetdta shall bass for the defendant or ddfendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or disconthtue his, her, or their a Avon, or aaions after issue joined; or if bn dednifrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and, on ob defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the rcmcjy r ^amc* as any defendants hkve by law in cover treble" other cases; and though a verdia shall be given to any plaintiff costs. in such aaion or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have

costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom die trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdia. Limitation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all aaions, suits, and actions. prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons

for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place whefe the faa Was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after tbfc faa committed, and not otherwise.

Continuance

XV. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this f this act, A, so far as the same extend to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty fffth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and also to the end of the then session of parliament; or if the said term of one year shall not determine during any session, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. XIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one yeary beginning the twenty-fifth

M March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and fining the number of deputy lieutenant; and justices of the "peacel to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

XV AND whereas by the laws now in being relative to the raising and training of the militia forces, certain aftt are required to be done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peace or h one deputy Keutenekt end two justices of the peace: and whereas it frequently happens that three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one jtefthe xj the peace > or one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace cannot be ajembled for such purposes9 whereby many inconveniences hate

stifeni

I

tyz$.] Aftrio vloejtmd cjuirto oeciroii ltl. C 4

arisen be it therefore enacted, That m all cases where any acst rscherc' is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy °°ed^lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justrce of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the d?p. lieut. peace, such as may be done by two deputy lieuteriants, or by aml one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace; and such ytwo<\cp* acts to done shall be as valid and effectutfl as if the fanrtd were licutsi done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace; any former && or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act to continue the provisions of an act of the twenty'third of hie present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of britifu and Trish buckrams and tillettings, British and Irish linens, British cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, (tained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

*3 Geo. f. C ai. recited; and continued whilst a bounty upon exportation of 'buckrams and tillettings, linens, calicoes, artd cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, filall continue to be given by any a ft of parliament in Ireland.

CAP. XV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited tilde, an act made In the list iession of parliament, intituled An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United State!

f America i and to give to his Majesty, for«limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the! subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

03 Geo. ). C. 9» recited and further continued until June so, 1784.

CAP. XVI.

An act for allowing further time for in roll ment of deeds and wills mad by Papiffct, and for relief of Protestant purehaftr*

Act 3 Geos. continued to Sept. I, 17s4.

Cap. xvir.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on fhdrt, — Same as last year.

CAP XVIII.

An act for regulating, smd rendering more effectual, the £ftion oflh# ft suite work withm the Jure of ndittburgh.; and for authoriftog the trustees for putting in 'execution fevecal act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow gpon the credit of the lolls arising within the district of Lafwade, a further fn?n of mpney, to be applied for payment of certain sums borrowed on the personal fecu* rkyot the said trustoes; and for further vaporing the xcodt within tbt aid di ft rift,

Cgz

Cap.

S'

424 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19 — 24. [1783.

CAP. XIX.

An act for settling the rates for the carriage of passengers and goods for hire to and from the lile of Wight.

Prices of carriage to be assessed by the quarter sessions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by distress and sale of goods, and in default one month's imprisonment. Mailers names. See. to be put on vessels $ a table of rates affixed in the cabin. See. and also a description of houses, registered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting 51. Exception as to vessels carrying Hie mail, See. junless engaged to carry passengers, Sec. at an earlier hour. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Mailers of vessels to appoint and engage houses for lodging goods, Sec. To be registered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at such houses, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in such books to be iucertained by quarter sessions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at registered houses. Inhabitants of the isle of Wight competent witnesses. Convictions not to be quashed for want of form Form of conviction. Limitation of actions. Public, ast.

CAP. XX.

An act for the appointment of an additional for the inter

government of the poor of the parish (Bradford, in the county ofwilt*.

CAP. XXI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven, in the county of Sussex.

XXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

fourth pear of the reign of his for repairing and

widening the road from in the couoty of

through Wallingford and Pangbarne, to Reading in the county of Berks j and for building a bridge over the river s at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers tf alt made in the third year of the reign of his present An

at for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of to

Jreleth, in the county of

CAP. XXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an all, made its tie fourth pear of the reign of his present for repairing and

widening the road from in the county of

Nottingham, to The Croft Post upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and from llkeston to the towns of Heater and Shipley, in the said county of Derby \ and from Trowtll, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham; except so far as relates to the road leading from Ilkeftdn to the town of Shipley.

1783.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25 — 29! CAP. XXV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majestyfor repairing the roads from

Lems ford Mill, through Welwyn and, and by Cory's

Mill, to Hitchen, and from, through, to

fiitcben, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XXVI.

for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

Jiftb year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth'Hardness, and from the end of a lane leading out of the

turnpike road between Newton Abbott and towards

Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes j and from Langver's Barn to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Mont's Bridge and Brixham £>uayj and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Paington Jown, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, made in the fectni year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Lost turnpike road, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Euan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the south side of Tretbi Mill in the parish of Saint justin the said county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the Jeeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and.keeping in repair, the road from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End; and from or near the guide poll at Waleot town's End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile (lone in field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty feeond years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highroad from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Catheritk, in the same county j and from thence to piers bridge, on the river

t(ts,

Gg3

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30-^34; [1783. CAP. XXX

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ally in tit

second year of his present Majesty o intituled An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough; and from the said town of Mqrlhorofcgb to the village of Eyerley, in the county of ipilts,

CAP. XXXI.

jfn all for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an oil of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Barnjtaplex la the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXII.

Ad ail to antinut and enlarge the term and powers, ea act, made in the second year of that reign of bit prof out Majesty, entitled,

An act for repairing and widening the road from Qosham, in the county of So, to thp city of

it, hejitr.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for continuing the term, and powers of an all, mpdf that third year of the reign of his present, repairing the

road from the fourteen mile stone, in the parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of and for repairing,

amending, and keeping in repair, severed roads Within the said county.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for continuing and amending an act of that fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in t; and from the tenth mile stone in the parish of Gefbertown, to the eighth mile stope in the parish of, in the county of

ltnu/u.

THE

THE

Statute at fcarge,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Regis.

Being die FIRST Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Q

Ml

THE

STATUTES at Large,

j4mo regni GEORGII III. Regis, Mag

rue Britannia, Franc,

vicesimo quarto

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth den May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, f ing, defender of the faith, C Being the first session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty? intituled An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from shipa belonging to the United States of America s and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Act as Geo. 3. c. 39. continued till Aug. 1, 178a, and further continue patil Aug. 1, 1785.

CAP. II.

An act to impower the east-india company to make a dividend to the proprietors of east-india stock, at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Baste India company empowered to make a dividend for the half yea? ending July 5, 178^, not exceeding percent 5 on capital of s, aoo, ooool.

43°

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1784.

CAP. III.

An act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses commttad

by perfom employed in the manufactures of tombing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in tbt county of Suffolk.

[Preamble.]

Recital of stat Geo.

*4 Geo. j. C

and 15 Geo.

prevenung 1

abuses committed by personi employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fliftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot preflirt, and of all perform employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their asagea: and by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present majesty king George the^a An

pdf to amend an at, made in the twenty fopond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, Am a8 sir tbt vwe tffichtalpreventing of frauds and abuses committed typer fens employed in the mawficiwe if, and in (be wittiest,

linen, fushan, cotton, iron, uallier, fur, flat, mohair, aged

flu manufactures', and sir preventing unlawful combinations of

journeymen fori, and journeymenh and of ablpufsm employed

in though fdid several man/foaurtt; better payment

of their wages: and by another alt, made in the fifteenth year the reign 0) his find present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amtnd an aa, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, "An act for tbt more effectual frauds and

"abuses committed by persons employed in the of bats,

yuntn, ftshan, cotton, iron, hasp.

and in the

M combinations of journeymen dyers, andjourneymen and

1 of ad perflms employed in tbt sold several manufactures, and for

"the better payment of their wages; " certain penalties and puntfls mgnts in tbt laid aqs fefbe&huly mentioned are upon all persons who flail reel false er Short yarn, and on embttasting the materials used in the said manufactures and whereas the good purposes of the said laws have been greatly frustrated from the manvfaaurers of tombing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, being unwilling to exptfe themselves finely to the left attending the resentment of the spinners and work people them

for offences against the said assis: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will he greatly prejudiced thereby, ttnless the manufogurers are enabled jointly to carry theft laws into effectual execution, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be ft {nadted by the King'? mqlt excellent majesty, by and with

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. 431

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a general meeting of the menu General fa/qturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made roeeti"*t, °* from worded, in the county of Suffolkt shall be held at appoint

Jidarktt in the said county, on the kepnd Tuefiay in the month ed. of jiugafl next ensuing alter the passing of this act, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the dune day, notice of which shall be given in the ipfurich and Bury newspapers at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace of the county of Suffolkat which Caul general meeting the said manufacturers present by themtelyes, or proxies appointed by writing, under the band of any of such manufacturers, shall have votes j and having first chosen a chairman, the said manufacturers shall cleft, nominate, and appoint fifteen persons from amongfk thenaselyes, which said fifteen persons so to be elected, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be cho (cuand appointeuin the manner bereia after provided, and fq qs often as there shall be occasioa which committee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons to be licensed hythe justices of the peace of the county of Suffolk at any of their quarter sessions for the said county, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors foe the purposes herein after mentioned j and also to have the di region of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund herein after to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this act into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or any five or more of them,

St a public meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think bell for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law r, ninill.)1|| t full to and for the said committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a at any general meeting assembled (and they ara hereby autho clerk, rifed and required) from time to time to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk; His duty, yrhich said clerk shall attend the meetings of the said committee, and shall in proper books, to be provided for that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may at all convenient times have recourse to and peruse and inspect all such books gratis and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words (o to be copied; and if the clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to inspect such books, or refuse to make copies or extracts thereof at the rate or times aforesaid, be shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds,

'*9

Quarterly meetings appointed.

Chairman to be chosen.

Qgeftions to be determined by a majority.

No business to be done at quarterly meetings unit fs five members present.

Three committee men may call a spe pal meeting.

New committee men to be

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1784.

to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty inflicted by this act is direaed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the purposes aforesaid a tneeting of the said committee for the time being shall be held four times in every year; (that is to say) on the tburf day before midsummer*day, on the Thursday before aftcbatlmas day, on the Thursday before the Epiphany, and on the ttmrfdey before easter day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, who shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time as occasion may require; all which said quarterly meetings of such committee shall be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee as aforesaid; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every subsequent quarterly meeting of such committee for the time being, a chairman for each of such said quarterly meetings shall be chosen, and all matters or things which shall come before such committee for their determination, shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of such committee then present, and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, then the chairman shall have a calling vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any of such quarterly meetings be there present and assembled five of the persons constituting such committee, then, anc) in such case, it is hereby declared, that no business whatsoever shall b done at such meeting, and the majority of the persons then present shall cause fourteen days notice to be given in the Ipswich and Bury weekly newspapers of such next quarterly meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for die time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the powers. granted by this act into execution, or for settling or discuffing any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being, to direa the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee to every member thereof, setting forth the place where and the time when such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting five of the said committee, k shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee so present to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this aeft to such committee.

VI. And it be further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said committee for the time being shall, die, or shall decline

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. £ 4

dine business as a manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any chosen in case distant part of the kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or death» themselves from the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to act, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being five of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

at any time hereafter it shall appear, to any fifteen or more of lbcir the said manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarrn, or y goods made from worded, within the said county of Suffolk, that the said committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such fifteen or more of iud*ces*? such manufacturers so dissatisfied shall in writing under their thwof catl1 hands make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace for a general the said county of Suffolk, in any of the general or quarter meeting, See sessions of the peace, orin any adjournment thereof, for the said county of Suffolk to be held and assembled, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judices ia such sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, within the said county of Suffolk, at such time and place as such judices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid in the Ipswich and Bury weekly newspapers, setting forth the place where and the time when such general meeting shall be held, the same not being less than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such manufacturers then present at such general meeting called and held in man tier as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee confiding of the same number of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the fird committee; and the persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be inveded with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were inveded with.

VIII. And, for preventing frauds and abuses for the future by fersons employed in the said manufactures of combing wool, worsted

yarn, and goods made from worsted, and for the more effectual car to ap

rying this act into execution, be" it further enacted, That the ju point inspec. dices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their next tors of yarn,

quarter

y

434 Anno ticesimo quarto Georgii IIIl. C 3.

quarter (Hfions of the peace to be held for the said county, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the pairing of this act, shall and may, and They are hereby authorised and required to licence and appoint such persons of good character and repute within the said county of as shall be

recommended to the said justrces by the said committee of manufacturers, or any five of such committee, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worded yarn within the said county of Suffolk.

Committee to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of station inrpec manufacturers for the time being, or any five of them, shall an<l tfiay, ar, d they are hereby authorised to station such in ' spectors for such districts in the said county of Suffolk as the said comm'qtee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed such yearly salaries as the said committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may remove, difmifr, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness or any other accident shall be rendered incapable of (erving the said office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the fatit faction of such committee.

inlptaors to X And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors for pfe diligence the time being so appointed shall severally and respectively, in and bringing, hc ^cvera^ districts allotted to them by the said committee, use offenders to' all due diligence and industry for the convicting and bringing justices to justice all offenders against this and the said former aids, and also shall and do from time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, inspect the fevers! reels of all and every the spinners of worded yam in their several and respective didricts within the said county of, and also the hanks of worded yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with, and also shall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detect any person or persons offending against this or the said former acis, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prosecute fudh offender or offenders to conviction: (heir powers, and for the easier detection of all offenders against this and the said former acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such inlj>e<stor or inspectors from time to time, as occasion ftxafl require, to detnand entrance at ail) seasonable hours into the dwelling house or dwelling houses, (hop or (hops, outhouses or outhouses of any agents or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun within the said county of, to inspect the yam in the custody of any such agent or person hired or employed as aforesaid within the said county, where he has any information of or suspects any false or Short reeled yam and in case of refuial, by any such agent or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, to permit and a suffer

1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C p 435

fufier fitch inspedibn, he, she, or they fb refafing shall forfeit and pay such futh of money, ndt exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, as such justice or justices, before whom be, she, or they shall be convicted shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every person or per Directions tonnes employed or findertaking to spin or red worsted yam for how "J hire 5n the (bid county of Suffolk, shall red, or cause or procure ^uuu the same to be irfeelect, either upon a yard reel of thirty-six inches, ora fevett quarter reel of sixty three inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches round; and when such worfied yam shall be f6 reelect, that each and every several hank or fieaiia of such worfied yarn, which shall be reded on a yard red, shall eonfift of hr contain seven taps or leas; that each and every fitch rap Or lea shall eonfift of or contain eighty threads of such Worsted yam; and that each and every several hank Or fkain of such worsted yarn as shall be reeled on a feveii quarter or a two yard reel, shall eonfift Of or contain six raps or leas; and tfirt each land every such tap or lea shall eonfift of or contain idghty 'threadr of such worsted yam.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons hired or employed in the comb Penalties on log bf Wool, or in the Spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving (*lfe web x»f worsted yam, or in the preparing or working up any of the

materials used in the said manufactures in the said county Of '

suffolk, shall reel, or cause to be reelect, any worfied yam contrary to the directions herein before specified and laid down for the reding such yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle

fell, or otherwise ailpose of any wool or other materials entrusted with him, her, or them to spin, or other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully convicted be fore any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said county, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation of the inspector or in spedors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible winters or witnesses (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), or by the 'confession of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former acts, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered and punish xnents inflicted in the manner directed by the said acts, or any of them; and which said penalties shall be publicly distributed by the constable of such township, parish, or place where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such township, parish, or place fast abovementioned.

436

Prosecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prtfbn.

Proviso

Penalty on agents refusing to disco ver persons guilty of false reeling yarn.

Goods of butbands whole wives offend y liable to distressed and sale.

Upon the death, cof in/pettors, others to be appointed.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. [1784.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to'tfye subjecting any prosecutor or prosecutors of any offender or offenders against this and the said former acts, to any charges Or expenses of conveying such offender or offenders to prison; but such charges and expenses shall be paid and born by the constable or other officer conveying such offender, or offenders to prison; and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expenses, in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expenses of his said office.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such

Ecnalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, is, her, or their family or families.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worded yarn, shall have in his, her or their custody or possession any worded yarn not reeled according to the directions herein before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or not set forth and give In evidence, before any of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk, being thereto required, what person or persons was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or Short reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reeled or caused to be reeled such false or Short yarn, may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid; he, she, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of any person or persons, before such judice or justices of the peace, as are herein-before mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false or Short reelect, which shall be found in his, her, or their custody; all which penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paidl, and applied*by such person or persons, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the township, as the penalties herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVI. And forasmuch as doubts have arisen, whether tbi goods and chattels of a kujband> whose wife shall offend against the said former acts> are liable tojijlrefs and sale for raising the penalties thereby created; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, all such penalties as shall be incurred by any married woman or married women, shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the husband or hufoands of speh married woman or married women so offending against this act, in the manner directed by the said former acts, or any of them.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worded yarn, shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from

his

437

1784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.

his said office it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace of the said county or Suffolk, in quarter sessions assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an inspector or inspectors of worded yarn within the said county of Suffolk, upon the like recommendation and in such manner as is herein before mentioned; which said person or persons shall be inverted with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspector or inspectors in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was inverted with, or subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any inspector or inspectors so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or times hereafter take or receive, from any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, any sum or sums of money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such person or persons so offending as aforesaid from being convicted for such offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said county of Suffolk, (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to admini (ler), then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such inspector or inspectors so offending to the house of correction, or other public prison in the said county, for the space of one month.

XIX. And whereas by several acts of parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several subse quint acts, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the said acts granted, are directed to pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way of drawback, unto'any person or persons who Should employ any quantity of fope in the making of any manufacture, whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials Should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the same, the duties upon the fope so spent and con fumed as aforesaid \ to the end that a sufficient fund may be raised for de frying the expenses in and about the obtaining this act, and for paying the salaries of the inspectors and clerk to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and all other necessary expenses attending the carrying this act into execution under the direction of the said committeey be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons employed in the collection of the duties on fope within the said county of Suffolk, and who by the said acts are thereby directed to pay such drawback of the duties on fope to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, are hereby required from time to time, to deduct and retain the sum of fourpence out of every shilling tq which any person,

Vol. XXXIV HU Jbcing

Punishment of inspectors fereening offender from justice.

Fond to he established for defraying the expenses of the execution of this act.

43. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. j.

[1784.

being a master manufacturer of combing wool, worsted wm, or goods made from worsted, redding within the county of Suffolk shall from time to time hereafter he intituled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand payment under or by yimie of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever as and for the duties of and for all fope spent, employed nd cor.fumed in the combing of wool, making of worsted yarn pr any kind of goods made from worsted, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said county of Suffolk; and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay or cause to be paid unto the treasurer or die division of Bury Saint Edmunds, for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the futnor sums of money 'by him or any of them so deducted, retained, had, or received, under apd by virtue and for the purposes of this adh Treasurer

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer for to pay the the time being shall, out of the money hereafter to be received thrift out by him in manner aforesaid, pay the charges and expenses of of the money obtaining and passing this act, and the expenses relative thereto be received to, together with interest for all or any part of such expenses, by him. the salaries of the inspectors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the expenses of all prosecutions in support of this and the said former acts, and such other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufactory, as the said committee, or any three of them in committee affeidbled, shall by writing under their hands direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is dlfo hereby required not to pay any sum or fumjs of money so to be hereafter received by him for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomso ever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, di rediion, or appointment in writing under the hands of such committee for the time being, or any three of them in committee assembled; and such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the said committee herein before appointed to be held on the Thursday before michaelmas day in every year, for the future to return and transmit to such committee at such quarterly meeting, a true and perfedi account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, (ince the then Raft yearly account; which said account shall be laid before the justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their general quarter sessions of the peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk, for their inspectfon and The rate of allowance.

in the

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any rin.ling may time hereafter the moneys herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treasurer for the purposes afore orje ike, shall, after paymc, u of aj( anj every the charges and expenses

439

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.

peaces herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum of fifty pounds only, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their quarter sessions of the peace to be held by adjournmentat Bury Saint Edmunds as aforesaid, upon application made to them by the Paid committee, or any five of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the said justices by fifteen or more matter manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted within the said county of Suffolk, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increasing the aforesaid fourpence shilling, which the col left ors and supervisors of excise are herein before directed to retain in their hands, to eight pence or eleven pence per shilling as they may think necessary, until such fund shall amount to four hundred pounds, and from time to time upon like applications to reduce the same to threepence or twopence per shilling, so as the funds in the treasurers hands shall not exceed four hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than fifty pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of eleven pence per shilling herein before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices Howjuflicct before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in manner and form offenders, following; that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on the day tf

in the year of our Lord A. fi. is cenvifled For Sf

before me, (or us) of his Majesty's justices of the peace conv, ^oxu

for [Specifying the offence, and the place

where the same was committed, and so specifying that it was the first, secondj or third offence against this af}y as the case shall be; J

Given under my hand and seal, [or our hands and seals the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county of Suffolk, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of such county.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or Persons ag themselves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any Sneve<1 map justice or justices, or upon any conviction before him or them quarter cf iin pursuance of this act, such person or persons may appeal to Hons, the next general quarter sessions to be held for the division of the said county where the offence shall be committed, which shall not he held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the

H h z person

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.' [1784.

person or persons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons appealing to such quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, shall give security to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to pay the costs which shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case such order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said

5juarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine uch appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs, as to them shall appear just; which order shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removable, by any writ of Certiorari or otherwise, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no order or other proceedings so made or had by or before any justice of the peace in relation to the premises shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afortfa*), Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted aion. against any person or persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the said county of Suffolk, as the case shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such General issue. actions or suits shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be, given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may Treble costs. recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs irt'other cases at law.

[Public act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Persons appealing to

give (ccurity lo prosecute, corders

to be final.

[Proviso.]

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. — 6., 44*

CAP. IV.

An act for incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmyngham to Fazeley j and for consolidating their shares 5 and amending the said last mentioned aft.

CAP. V

An act for enlarging the marketplace, and regulating the markets within the town of Sheffield in the west riding of the county of York; and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market place; and for taking down the present slaughter houses within the said town, and erecting others in a more proper situation.

CAP. VI.

An act to enablo such officers mariners, and soldiers, as have been in the land or sea ftrviccj or in the marines, or in the militia, or any corps of [enable meny since the second year of his present majesty reign, to exercise trades.

WHEREAS there have been and are diverse officers, mart preamble.

ners, soldiers, and marines, who have served his present Majesty in the late tvars by sea and land, some of which are men that ttfed'trades others that were apprentices to trades, who had not served out their times, and others who by their own industry have made themselves apt and fit for trades; many of which, the wars being now ended, would willingly employ themselves in thffe trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are opt or able

to follow and make use of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those trades in certain cities and corporations and other places within this kingdom, because of certain bylaws and customs of those places, and of the fia tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use 5 Eliz. C 4. cf certain trades by any person who hath not served as an apprentice to fitch trade for the jpace of even years: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such officer, mariners, soldiers, officers, ma and marines, who have been at any time employed in the fer riners, fol -- vice of his present Majesty, since the first day of Aprils in the d, cr?» and year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, |jllav" n^, w 0 and have not since deserted the said service; and also the wives employed in and children of such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, the King's may setup and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for,5rvi.^e f, nc in any town or place within this kingdom, without any let, ^have not* suit, or molestation of any person or persons whatsoever, for or since deferred,

H h 3 by and also the

issue, they Hull be acquitted,

442 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6. [1784.

wives and by reason of the ofing of such trade; nor shall such officer children of^mariners, soldiers, or marines, or their wives or children, dur th^fedcto<iet in time they shall exercise such trades, be removeable from up and exer such respective place or places, to his, her, or their last legal cife trades in place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being, relative any part of^to the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall M" stan1not; ^ecomc actually chargeable to such parish or place; and if any be liable to be such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, removed from marine or marines, or the wife or child of any such officer, thence tp their mariner, soldier, or marine, shall be sued, impleacted, or ia puce of set Rifled, n any court whatsoever within this kingdom, for using tlement, until or exercising any such trades as aforesaid, then the said officer they become or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or actually marines, or any wise or child of any such officer, mariner, fol themsfti 10 ^cr> or mar*nc> waking it appear to the same court, where and if sued, they are so sued, impleacted, or indicted, that they have served upon pleading his present Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they, is or the general are wise or wives, child or children, of such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers. or marines, who shall have so served his present Majesty, shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty, in ny plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited against them; and such persons who, notwithstanding this at, shall prosecute the said suit, by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and shall have a verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said suit, such person or persons shall pay unto such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine respectively, double costs of salt, to be recovered as any other costs at common-law may be recovered; and all judges and jurors, before whom any such suit, information, or indictment shall be brought, and all other persons whatsoever, are to take notice of this present act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, law, ordinance, custom, or pavilion, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace, for the county, town, or place, where any such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall setup and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause such officer, mariner, soldier, shall so setup, or marine, to be summoned before them in the town or place shall summon where such officer, mariner, soldier or marine, shall setup and exercise such trade as aforesaid, in order to make oath of the place of his last legal settlement, (which oath thelaid justices are hereby empowered to administer) and such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, are hereby directed to obey such summons, and to make oath accordingly; and such justices are hereby required to give an attested copy of such affidavit so made before them, to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested copy shall at any time

be

and be paid double costs of suit.

Where any two justices for the county or place where they

them to give evidence as to the place of their last legal settle tuent, they shall make oath accordingly; an at felled copy whereof shall

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

be admitted as evidence as to such lad legal settlement, before any of his majesty's justices of the peace, at any general or quarter foflions of the peace.

III. Provided always, That in case any such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall again be summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested copy of the oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other person on his behalf, such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such attested copy of his examination, if required.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every part thereof, shall extend to all officers and soldiers who have been drawn by bailot, and have personally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, from the said first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, for the term of three years, and have been honourably discharged.

V Provided always, That this act shall not in anywise be prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and Oxford or either of them; or extend to give liberty to any person to setup the trade of a vintner, 'or to sell any wine or other liquors, within the said universities, without licence first had and obtained from the vice-chancellor of the same respectively.

443

be given them, which shall be admitted as evidence at the quarter sessions; and it summoned again, they shall not be obliged to, take a freth oath, but produce the former, or leave a copy thereof.

This act extends to mi litia rrun and fencibles who have served three years, and been honourably discharged. Privileges of the two universities reserved.

CAP. VII.

An act for explaining certain acts of the parliament of Scotland concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims made by the proprietors of the two manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain exemptions from tujloms and duties, and for making compensation in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts of the parliament of Scotland, and, among others, by an act passed in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-oney in the first parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for erecting of manufactories, chapter the fortieth; by another act passed in the year one thousand six hundred and six ty nine y in the second parliament of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, Act concerning the excise and customs, chapter the eleventh \ and by another act, passed in the year one thousand Jix hundred and eighty oney in the third parliament of his said majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for encouraging trade and manufactories, chapter the twelfth y certain privileges and immunities were granted, and rules made, for encouraging and promoting manufactures in Scotland, and particularly materials uje full for manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the use of such manufactures, free of customs and excisey and all other public burdens j andy m order to prevent all questions and debates in relation to t the said privileges and immunitiesy the lords of his Majesty's exchequer and privy council in Scotland, were, by certain of the said aclsy

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7* [i 7s4*

authorised to inquire and declare what manufallories already % otrt, or thereafter Should be duly qualified to enjoy thetenefit of the privileges and immunities, by the faij alts befiowed; and whereas, tender the encouragements held forth by the said alls of parliament, tue manufallories were erelled in Glasgow, the'one, in the year one ibeur sand six hundred and seventy four, for making of soap, and the aether in the year, one thousand six hundred and ninety six, for the making of ropes and cordage, the proprietors of each of which manufactories did obtain from the lords of the exebequ r, or privy council of scot land, an order or all declaring their respective works to be duly Qualified in terms of the Statutes in that behalf, and which manufalt tries % so established and approven, have been continucdly carried on futce the respective times of their ereilion, and do now, by course of regular successions and conveyances, belong to the following persons videlicet. The first mentioned manu falltry, for making of soap, to sir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Crausurd, John max "vrell, and John Craig, by way of copartner, known by the appellation of The Soap Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting business under the firm of Robert Craufurd and Company; and the other manufallory, for making of ropes and cordage, to James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmorejunior* James Sommerville, Robert Crausurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Gemmill, John Crausurd, Jame? Scott, and William Semple, also by way of copartner, known by the appellation of The Rope Work Company of Glasgow, and tranjalling business under the firm of James Corbet and Company: and whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of unions settled and agteed upon in the fifth year of the reign of her late jesty §)ueen. Anne, between the two kingdoms England and Scotland, provision is made in the terms following; videlicet, "That "all parts of the united kingdom, for ever, from and after the union

4c ball have the same allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks,

"and be under the same prohibitions, refir ill ions, and regulations of "trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import and ex LI port; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, CC prohibitions, restrictions, and regulations of trade, and the customs "and duties on import and export settled in England when the union "commences, shall, from and after the union, take place throughout 11 the whole united kingdom, excepting and refer ving the duties upon "export and import of such particular commodities, from which any C persons, the subjects of either kingdom, are specially liberated and exempted by their private rights, which, after the union, are to C remain safe and entire to them in all respells as before the same i9 and whereas, upon the commencement of the said union, doubts and disputes did arise between the officers of her Majesty's customs and the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, who claimed the privilege of importing materials for their respective manufactories, free of duties, as a private right, confiituted by the alls of parliament and alls of exchequer and privy council before mentioned, and as futb, raved by the exception in favour of private rights contained in the

aforesaid

445

784*} Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

fousaid sixth article of the said treaty of union; to which claim tha (peers of the revenue objected, that the exemption from duties, given y the act of parliament, and exchequer and privy council of scot and, Was not in the nature of a private rights but of a public cn ouragement to trade, and as such was determined and at an end by he treaty of union; in respect to which disputes9 it was agreed upon ran interim expedient, that the proprietors of the aforesaid manu aftories Should grant bonds for the duties of the materials to be imported by them with condition to pay the same in case the parliament of Great Britain, or court of exchequer in Scotland, Should adjudge the said materials liable to the payment of duties \ which agree nent of taking such conditional bonds as aforesaid was, for sometime, arried into execution, until the of of the cpfloms at Edinburgh gave orders for letyingjbe duties upon all such materials imported for the use of the said manufactories as were by law chargeable vith duties upon being imported for other purposes; whereupon the Proprietors of the said manufactories paid the duties accordingly, but aider proteji, that the right of exemption claimed by them Should not !hereby be hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such duties is already bad been or afterwards Should be paid by them j and for ringing the right of exemption so claimed by them to trial the proprietors of the said rope work did9some time fmce9 cause injlitute an idion in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Juit of the said fames Corbet, one of the said proprietors and ojfignee of the ref of hose proprietors, against Edward Burrow collector of the customs at 'he port of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk then the deputy of the raid Edward Burrow, at the member port of Greenock, for that hey bad against right, rejufed to repay duties levied by them on cer ain materials imported for the use of the said rope work j in the: ourse of the proceedings of which action a special verdict was agreed ipon and settled by the parties, and returned by a jury upon which verdict counsel were beard by the lord thief baron, 'and other three Aarons of the said court, and the judges being equally divided in their pinion the quefiion remains hitherto undetermined; since the time of vhiih hearing certain propoftions have been offered by the proprietors f both the said works for accommodating the matter in dispute: ind whereas the claim of exemption made by the proprietors of the raid manufactories would on the one hand if established9 be very Prejudicial to the public interest9 being capable to be exercised in an inlimited extent with respect to the commodities which are the subject hereof to the great diminution of the revenue and the breach of fhat equality in trade which ought to have place in all parts of toe inited kingdom: and whereas by means of the aforesaid treaty of mion9 and the doubts and disputes thereupon arising in relation to the 'ight of exemption claimed as aforesaid, as well as by reason of the Proceedings consequent upon such doubts and disputes, the proprietors f the said rope and soap works who in firm reliance of the public raith of the kingdom, had laid out and employed a considerable sum of noney towards carrying on the said works, have on the other band Offered considerable loss and inconveniency the exemption from the Payment of duties enjoyed by them under the acts of the parliament of

Scotland

44

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. [1784.

Scotland, having, by the aforesaid means, been abridged or inter rupted, and much expense incurred by law Juits and otherwise: ad whereas in a case so circumstanced it is reasonable and just that font compensation Should be made to the aid proprietors for the private ik they have suffered in consequence of the said treaty of union, a transaction calculated for national advantages: and whereas it is at tbt fahte time expedient to remove all such doubts and disputes as cfm said in future; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present pariia aflexemp ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all tiens hom the nd every the exemption or exemptions from the payment of ^ty^dpon the any cu^om^ subsidy, import, or other duty, upon the importation importation of any goods or commodities whatsoever, for the use of any sort f goods, of manufacture whatsoever, which was or were granted by the granted by the as of the parliament of Scotland, Or the acts of the exchequer Scotland"^privy counc*l that kingdom, herein generally or para ter mined by culariy before mentioned, or any of them, shall, in all cases the union. whatever, be deemed and taken to have been intended, not as a private right in favour of any person or persons, companies, or bodies politic whatever, but as a public encouragement to trade, limitable by the parliament of Scotland, and determined by the treaty of union concluded between these kingdoms, and for the several reasons and causes herein before mentioned. V

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The condi That all and every the conditional bonds before mentioned, tional bonds which were from time to time heretofore granted by the pro

honed Urant pr*etors^soap an rope works respectively, for the

CD by the pro duties of materials imported by them for the use of their re prietors of the speoive manufactories, shall and maybe cancelled and given soap and rope Up free from the payment, to his Majesty, his heirs or.succes onceliect^ors' cu^oms an duties fr which the said bonds were

granted; and the of of his majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause cancel and deliver up the said bonds accordingly, when thereto required: ums to be and the said of, or any three or more of them, are paid to the also hereby impowered and required to cause to be paid, one cf proprietor in any of the public duties and revenues under their inanage of thefrtoft* ment, unto the said sir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, by the deter Robert Crausurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, or the stir nnnation of vivors or survivor of them, by the firm aforesaid, for the use of the aforesaid the proprietors of the said soap work, in consideration of their exemptions. jufs an(j <jamages by reason Of the premises, the sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain, and that by two yearly installments of one thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds each; and also by the like two yearly installments, to cause to be paid, out of the said revenues, unto the said James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh jvyllie, Thomas

447

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ff.

Dunmore, Robert Dunmore junior, James sommervil/e, Robert Craufutdi George Kippen Thomas Connelly James Gemmilly John Craufurdy James Scotty and William Sempler or the survivors or survivor of them, under the aforesaid firm, for the use of the proprietors of the aforesaid rope work, the like sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds of like money, in confederation of their loss and damages by reason of the premises; the first of which payments for each company is to be made upon the twenty-fifth day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the next payment upon the twenty-fifth day pi December thereafterand when the said several sums of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, and two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, shall be thus completely satisfied and paid, all claims of exemption, and other claims whatsoever in relation thereto, setup by the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, or either of them, in manner aforesaid, shall for ever cease and be extinguished.

CAP. VIII.

An act for establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the pcjl between Great Britain and Ireland.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of Preamble the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for efta Recital of blishing certain regulations concerning the portage and convey C 6. of last ance erf letters and packets by the poll between Great Britain session and Ireland, it is enabled, Thaty immediately from and after the ejhblishment of a general pofl office in Ireland by the authority of the parliament of that kingdom so much of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing Geo. 3. 0.14. frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage, as relates to letters and packets passing by the pojly free from the duty of pojiage y from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,

shall be repealed: and whereas certain persons whoy by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain and Ireland, now send and receive letters and packets which relate to the business of their respective officesy free from the duty of pojlagey from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, willy by the said recited act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reigny upon the establish merit of a general post office in Ireland, be deprived from sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty ofpojiage: and whereas the public business makes it expedient that such letters and packets Should pajs free oj pojiage from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the establishment of a Certain ofli

general poll office in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and cers in Great

V for Britain and

448 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9, 10. [1784.

Ireland allow for certain persons who, by virtue of their respective offices in rtc^veletterf Great Britain and Ireland, send and receive letters and packet, C to and free from the duty of portage, under the said recited act of the from Great fourth year of his present majesty's reign, or under any other Britain and act or acts passed since the parting of the said act, nd for h*s from the Bri majesty's postmaster general of the kingdom of Ireland, the C till post office C ctary of the general port office of Ireland, and the surveyors dutys of the said general post office, and for the undersecretary and

first clerk for the military department of the office of the chief secretary of the lieutenant general or other chief governor or governors of the said kingdom, all for the time being, to send and receive, by the post, letters and packets from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Grut Britain, free from the duty of portage for and on account of Provided such post office of Great Britain; provided that all such letters letters are cer and packets so sent shall relate to the business of their respective tified to be on offices, and that there shall be certified, on the outside of such hu majesty't letters and packets, under the hand writing of such officers re leivice, C spectively, to be on his majesty s service 5 and that such letters and packets shall be sealed with the seal of the office or officer sending the same: and in case any such officers shall receive, under cover to them, any letters or packets intended for or directed to other persons, all such officers are hereby authorised and required to send the same to the general post office in London or Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of portage; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respediv; offices, f

CAP. IX.

An act to authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties on certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions therdi mentioned.

Ad of3 Geo. 3. c. 1. recited; and that certain quantities ofcors asd barley bad been imported into Scotland after the time limited by theafr Commissioners of the customs to order the low duties, imports of 5 percent, and 5 percent, on the said duty to be taken for the before roes tioned parcels of corn and barley \ and upon payment thereof, theboidi for the high duties to be cancelled.

CAP. X

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities sad fer establishing a lottery.

6, 000, ooool. to be raised by annuities, and 360, 0001. by afbttery. tributors to the sum of 6, 000, ooool. for every icol. to be emitted tonus ities of fool, each at 3 percent. 50l. at 4. percent, redeemable by 1 lament, and an annuity of 5s. 6d. for 75 years and an half, from July $, 1784, and then to ceafej which shall be charged upon a fund to be

established

449

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11.

eftawilhfid this session, and collatterally on the sinking fund. Every contributor'of i, ooool. shall; upon payment of 60l. more, be entitled to fix lottery tickets. The said annuities of 3 percent, and 5s. 6d. shall be paid July 5, and January 5, yearly, and the percent. April 5, and October 10. Annuities tax free. Annuities charged on the fund to be established for the payment thereof, and to be deemed persona! estate Persons possessed of stock may devise the same by will, C The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, con fois, transferable at the bank. The percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the percents, granted by the lottery acts of 10, 21, 12, and 23 Geo. 2. The annuities of 58. fid. per annum for 75 years and six months, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of 1, a, 4, 20, 22, and 23 Geo. 3.} but to be paid out of the fund to be established this session. 360, 0001. to be raised by a lottery 5 the prices whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. The number of the fortunate tickets are 12, 000; 2 of ao, ooool. 2 of 10, 0001. 2 of 5, 0001. 4 of 2|oooo 1. 10 of 1,000l. 20 of 500l. 110 of 100l.00 of 50l. 11, 650'of sol.; 500l. to each first drawa ticket of the first six days i*ooool. to ditto the 13th day; 1,000). to ditto the 16th day; s, ooool. to ditto the 19th day; i, ooool. to ditto the last.drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 21, 1784. Forging tickets, Sec. a capital felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon, and 501, reward. Proviso, no attainder to make corruption of blood, C Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. The 360, 000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, tb be charged on any supplies granted this session j and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction, oil March i, 1785, Sec. with other clauses as usual.

CAP. XI.

An act for hying additional duties upon all candles, (except wax and spermacett candles and for more effectually securing the duties upon candles.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's rood dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties upon candies herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by she authority of the same, That from and after the first day f? the*fol of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there lowing addi shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use tional duties of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all can jj?* to dies, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time yi

or times shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of 9

Great Britain or made within the same, over and above all other customs, subsidies, duties of excise, or other duties already imposed thereupon, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For

45

For at! candles imported, (except wax and spermaceti), one halfpenny per pound

and for all candtes made in Great Britain, (except as above), one halfpenny per pound.

Anno vicesimo quarto gboltgii till. C i r.

[1784.

For all candles whatsoever, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which shall be so imported, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; the said duties for and upon all imported handles, (except wax and spermaceti candles), to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the same:

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all candles, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time or times shall be made within the kingdom of Great bri tain, the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For all candles whatsoever (except wax and spermaceti candles) which shall be so made in Great Britain, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; the said duties for the said candles so to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat wovcred^c ^evcra* anc respective duties by this act imposed for and in the same*upon all candles imported or made as aforesaid, and all arfear manneras the ages thereof, shall and may, from time to time, be raised, reformer duties ceived, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an act of the eighth year, and by another act of the ninth year of the reign of our late sovereign Queen Anne, whereby certain duties are laid upon candles, towards raising her said late majesty's supplies for the years one thousand seven hundred and ten, and one thousand seven hundred and eleven, are by those acts, or by any other law or Statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the said acts of the eighth and ninth years acts o7 s and le ren f Queen Anne, and all the clauses, penalties, for9aane, C feitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and to be in force things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or since Q cna<^ec*> fr the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, of this act. paying, or accounting for the said duties upon candles thereby granted, or any arrearages of the same, are and shall be by force of this act continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the duties upon candles by this act granted, and making allowances out of the same, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large recited in this present act.

All (lock m

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore 1 to be That for all candles (except wax and spermaceti candles)

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. 451

which any tallow chandler or other sellers or dealers in candles liable to the ia Great Britain, or any person or persons in trust for him, her, 1CW or them, or for his, her, or their use, shall be possessed of or J interested in, upon the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for sale, there shall be yielded and paid to his said Majesty (over and above the duties before'this time imposed thereupon) the like rates as are, by this atto be paid for candles to be made after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that all the directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, rules, and clauses Whatsoever, contained in the said as of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, relating to the stock of candles, which was in the hands of any chandlers, or other sellers of, or dealers in candles, or of others in trust for them, or for their use, upon the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, or the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eleven, respectively, shall, by force of this abe exercised, practised, and put in execution, for ascertaining, securing, charging, levying, recovering, and paying, the rates by this act imposed upon the stock of candles which shall be in the hands of any such persons as aforesaid, upon the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and for making allowances and drawbacks in respect thereof.

IV Ani whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred ani eighty-four, by chandlers or other dealers tn candles, for fervtng public offices, facieties, or other persons, with candles, to be delivered at a time af Dealers who ter the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and bavecontraft eighty-four, it is hereby enacted, That the persons serving such candlesvfter candles, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven Aug. 1, 1724, hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former cop may add the tracts, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon northwest d?tics such candles to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue jh«£o£c

of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V Provided always, That this act shall not extend to charge Small rush the duties on candles, herein before mentioned, on such small lighht8£m?de rush lights as shall be made by any person or persons, to be "iff f0rcpri* used in his, her, or their own houses only, so as such small rush vate use, net lights be only once dipped in or once drawn through grease or liable to new kitchen fluff, and not at all through any tallow melted or duties, refined; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The new da that the duties by this acfc imposed upon candles imported, tieioncandle* shall be subject and liable to the additional duties or imposts j^bjcc^to of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, feve the additional rally imposed by the acts respectively made in the nineteenth 5 percents, and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, ontbepro upon the produce and amount thereof; and that such additional duties or imposts of five pound per centum, and five pounds qcq. c/tj9

per

Geo. J C 66.

19 Geos

C ia.

Excise officers im powered, after Aug. 1, 1714, to enter the housei, &c. of candle makers, and to take an account of their (lock, by day or by night.

Penalty on obstructing officers.

Recital of n Geo. X C 30.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. a t 1.; l*jh± per centum shall be raised9 levied, collected, and m.d.., ia ihc same manner, and under the same rules and regulator powers, and authorities, ways, means, and methods, V the said additional duties or imposts are by the said ag^nineteenth and twenty second years of his present Majesty reign directed to be collected and paid

VII. And whereas great frauds upon the revenue are of mi sci

by the secret making of candles, without paying the duties for XI famcy which mighty in a great measure, be prevented if the officer of excise who survey the makers of candles were authorised to emir the workhousesy and other places of such makers of candles, by might as well as by day, and to take an account of the candles thereme&m, without waiting for the presence of a constable or peace officert im iske manner as officers are authorised to enter the workhouses of the maker: of glass, by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the fccondy intituled An act for granting; to his Adfjt several rates and duties upon glass, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and at Jittery, to be charged on the said rates and dutiesj and for orating some doubts fbout making out orders at the exchequer for the moneys advanced upon the credit of the salt, dune, granted and continued to his Majesty by an act of the la$t^ef fion of parliament; be it further enacted by the autfjgf&v aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise (hap at^ll times, by day or by night, be permitted, upon his or th^irrf quest, to enter into the house, melting house, warehoujfc, or other place whatsoever, belonging to or used by any persons, who, after the said first day of Augufly one thou^nd seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be a maker or mal^fei?4>t any candles whatsoever, and by weighing or tale of thexafkfigt, or otherwise, as to such officer shall Teem most proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which shall have been made by such maker or makers of candles from jime to time, in like manner as such officers may now do in the claytime.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any maker or makers of candles shall obstruct or hinder any of the said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other ad, for the ascertaining or securing the said duties upon candles, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. X

IX. And wkereasy by an act made in the eleventh year ofjjp reign of his majesty King George the firsty (inlituledy An 3d far more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the pubfic^ revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of salmon and cod fuh, in the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the jo furance companies to plead the general issue in actions brought against them 3 and for securing the stamp duties upon

' of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto (jeoltari itl. fc.ii; 453

of ihfcinmce;,) it way enabled, That if any chandler, or maktr of tattdlks sir ale, Should begin to work upon, dip, or make tiny eourse or mating of candles, not being mould candles, or, in order thereto, fhonfd make any of the preparations therein mentioned without first mating and delivering, or causing to be made and delivered, to the officer or officers under whose survey such chandler or maker of candles for file Should be, fitch declaration in writing of his, her, or their intentions to make such eourse or making of candles, as in the aid add ir mentioned: and whereas the said exception of mould candles has been found inconvenient, and has afforded opportunities for the committing of frauds On the tevenue, by the secret making of mould candles with out paying the duties for the same; be it further enacted, That if, From Aflg. H from and after the'find first day of Auguffi one thousand seven7*4^ every hundred and eighty-four, any chandler or maker of candles shall begirt to work upon, or make any eourse or making of triould begin a eourse candles, or, in order thereto, shall make any of the prepafa of mould tkms in the said at mentioned, without first making and deli candles, or vehng, or causing to be made and delivered to the officer or ffo?the officers under whole survey such chandler Or maker of candles without shall be, a declaration in writing of his, her, ot their intention delivering a to make such eourse or making of mould candles, and of the written decu. particular hour or time of the day or night when such eourse or r^vofficer making is intended to be begun, and of the true number artd of such his^iu fct of the moulds he, (lie, or they intend to fill and draw, and Wtio$, Gull also of tilt number of times he, she, or they intend to fill and forfeit 50u draw the same in each making or codrfc; every such chandler or maker of candles, On every failure or default in all or any of the particulars before mentioned, or having in or at such making or eourse more br larger moulds or candles than shall be mentioned itl such declaration, or filling or drawing the said moulds a greater number of times than shall be mentioned in thte said declaration, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; and if, after such declaration fd made as aforesaid, such making or eourse of candles shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the hour and tilne mentioned in such declaration, or in three hours next after such hour and time, then every such declaration shall be, and is hereby de dared to be null and void.

X. And whereas, by the Statutes now ih forte for hnpo/ing die ties itpon all dandles made in Great Britain, the commissioners of excise or other persons by them respectively appointed for that purpose, are tatohorized to Compound and agree with such per sins as halt make ttiniles, not to sell or to make any profit thereof, but to be consumed uin their own private htmfes only, at a certain rati or payment for every head which, at any time or tikies during the continuance Of such Xompefition, shall be of the family of such persons respectively, as in end by the said Statutes is particularly directed and required: and ivb treat gnat frauds have been and bre noib frequently pr a Hi fed by means of such compositions, and great quantities of candles have been privately disposed of and sold by such compounders, to the manifest trt- t Jury of the revenue and the fair trader \ for remedy thereof, belt Vo*. XXXIV I i further

4*>4 Anno vicesimo quarto giiifcefm'hti tf.ifr,

From Aug. i, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ffoift aultaftflb 1784, commis the aid sirs jay 6fjuguffione thousandfevea huhdrtrf 'M cife, e&c°n 4'ghty four, all the powers and authorities to the comarfffsoftk. to compound er or excise or other persons by ail or any of tfre said a&sjnteiffc with any per to compound and agree with any person or perfphs fodi«so( son* for make tics on candles by any such persons made or to be ittacts, Aim in candies cease an(j determine anything in any of the said Statutes, of either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstm<fetgr; ixi. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority wore said. That all and every person or persons who hath or bate already made composition or agreement for the duties on candles by them respectively made, or to be made, shall, on or tecfete the tenth day of Augustt one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, make true and particular entries of alt such candles' a they, or my of them, or any other person or persons in draught for them or any of them, were possessed of, on the first day df

ing candles for private life.

All compounders shall, on or before Aug.

JO, s7s4,

make entries of all such candles hi

pofled of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, at tffe on Aug. 1, on office of excise, within the limits of which they shall respectivoy forfeiture of inhabit, upon paid of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, and also all the candles of which no such entry shall be thadev Scsd

501. and the unentered candles and, within six days after shall pay the duties, C

within six da vs after hebe, or they shall have made, or ought to hare made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for The said candles the several duties chargeable upon candles^o?, 0 in default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the value of tfce ffid candles; and that the houses, outhouses, and bthe^jfliweisfc longing to such compounders, from and after the said fifft nay of augu/it one thousand seven hundred and eightyifoifi^ (fyall and are hereby made liable to the furrey of the officerj fcy^be duties on candles, in the same manner, and undefjhe'^finm rules, and under the same fines and penalties foi twhimyl as persons making candles for sale are liable.

XII. And whereas if may have happened that, powers by the said before recited

by the commissioners of excise for that May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, renewed competitions, and f he plenty payable for the same may bam

been received by such officers now, to prevent all confusion, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such'xotii petitions as shall have been so msuie, renewed, or agteed tt^be made, c aeria, y after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be, and are hereby declared hmf^(m\»ds and all such sums of money as shall have been recelvpctlqr the said officers, from the persons so making or renewing tattr positions as aforesaid, shall, and the lame are berebjy't^dfted and required to be returned to the person and pembmfdtw* tively who shall have paid the same; anything; former a Its to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. ia Penalties and Kill And be it further enacted by the amhcnify'atforduid, forfeitures That all finks, penalties, and forfeitures, mtetatidi^ttrai^nd to, be/j* duties upon candies, shall be sued for, levied, todtireetkroe^ torfed. Qx "it'gatedj by sue*i ways, means, and methods, os^tnyioc,

penalty.

All compofr

tlons made, See. after Ml,

It7*4f be void, and the money returned fb the com pounders.

ahi vittfimeiqauto^eoagij IH. C u. 4|£

ftoaktf, jpcforfsimflc, or may be recovered or mitigated by fflr low «r laws of excise, or byodtion of debt, bill, plaint, or jhwwafttiqp, in any of his majesty's courts of record at wtfi jffmufrr, orit) the court of exchequer in respectivelyf

jy that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, jrmii bo to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other ^aoiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the font,

3tjv. And be it further enacted fw the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the said additional duties by thie Duties to be imposed upon candies fthe necessary charges of raising and ac pinto th counting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid exch*9uct* Jftto cby receipt of his majesty's exchequer at separate and apart from all other duties and the said money so paid How to be into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund*'?'* for the payment of th federal annuities, and all such other changes and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable purfca nt to an aof this present session of parliament, inti, tuied, An act sir raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities i t&dfer ajlablishing a lottery).

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ny action, Amor prosecution, shall be brought or Limitation of r wwmenoed agfunft any person or persons for anything dfone in aan pursuance of this such atf ion, fuitr or prosecution, shall be

Vought or commenced within three months next, after the thing ^. v)dont, nd shall be laid in the proper county*and the defendant {.pfj defendants may plead the general issue, and give this at and General MW 0.fjwibccial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon;

jupd if a ycrdi& pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, suit, or prosecution, or judgement be given s^ga^such plaintiff or plaintiffs, then such defendant or de

shall have treble costs awarded to him her, or them, Treble ooa* vpgaipft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XII.

-:; -'

; i

iwxu'tifi (tenable tbi governor and company of the bank of Scotland 4sbr. - farther to entreafe the capital stock if the said company*

[Preamble.]

EREAS by an act of tie parliament of Scotland made

the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, intituled,: for eroding a bank in Scotland, a joint focky amounting to Recital of an ^{tie.fimtf twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots money was allowed the

fajfid by the company thereby established for carrying on andean

k bank; and certain persons therein mentioned were authored to appoint a book for receiving tbffubjcriptions of such per, t>ufins annexe willing to become adventurers in the said pint flock: tit aid as it. was dtchrtd, That ent v.'jbtmbttbt lawefi, andtvnnty thousand pounds Scots tbt bi^he0, Jim. v/bith ing i jbouu. bmllmtd to fttbfcribt: ead\

- " XI 2' " .*3

r

456 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i4.: [1784.

aft it was also declared That all and everytie per sins, subscntbfig and paying to the aid stock as aforesaid Jbotdd be one bodypolau£ and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Compaayrtfthe Bank of Scotland; under which name they. Should have perpetual succession, and Should have a common seal: and by the said act U way directed, That, within three months after the aforesaid subscrjplwu Should be ended, the persons in, the said act narptd, or any Uuoef them, Should appoint a certain day, and make due intimation, of tba V same, that such and so many of the adventurers, and none ofher^ as Should each of them have subscribed for one thousand pounds or upwards in the said book of the joint stock, might elect and ebufit, by*majority of votes, which were to be given, one vote for every pop 1thousand pounds Jbare of the flock, afit person of the subscribery % ub* had subscribed for himself at least sir eight thousand pounds, tob* governor of the said bank; and another fit person of the subscribery who shoulf have subscribed forbimfelf at leaf for six thousand pounds to be deputy governor of toe said bank; and also twenty-four other fit persons, who Should have subscribed each of them for huufelf at leaf) for three thousand pounds in the said joint stock, to be directorp of the said bank: and certain other rules and regulations were thereby prescribed, for the better managing and' ordering the affairs of the said bank; and, in pursuance of the aforesaid act, the said bank wen soon after established, and has ever fmee continued: and whereas, by an act of the parliament of Great Britain, passed in the fourteenth Art 14 Geo. years his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable the 3; C 31. re. governor and company of the bank of Scotland to encrease^he capital stock of the said company, it was enpfted'. That within one month after the passing of the said act, or as soon after as might J the court of ordinary directors of the said bank Should appoint*bpoi, to be, opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, far receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint stock, U tie extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds fierling money, and no more; in which book every person or persons possessed of a Share or shares of the original capital stock of the said bank Scotland Should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional stock as he, she, or they Should be possessed of, of the old or original ft ocl at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a leffier number of shares thenar of, if such person or persons Should so think proper: and by lb said. it was further declared, That no proprietor Should hold mpre (bat twenty shares of the old flock, or more than forty shares of tfur and new together: and it was also by the said act further declared That after the additional capital Should be completed, no proprietor Should be elected governor, unless be had, upon the original and JW* flock together, paid in the sum of fexteen thousand pounds Scott 3 roar deputy governor, unless he had, upon the original and new flock togs gether, paid in twelve thousand pounds Scots; nor director uylgfi he had, upon the original and new stock together, paid in six thaujemd pounds Scots; and that from and after the said period, no proprietor Should be entitled to give his vote in the tleftien of a governor, deputy governor qr dir eft or, or in any queflfintn anyxgeneral meeting»tot*

17s4o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 1#; 45/

was nh pajfeffed of two thousand pounds Scots of old or new foci, er oli and new flock together, and who had not actually paid th the filtd two thousand pounds; and that every proprietor Should have a vote for eachtwo thousand pounds which he had actually paid in: provtded akuaysy That no proprietor Should ever be entitled to more rban twenty votes: and certain other rules and regulations were by the find aft prescribed, for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the find bank: and whereas it would greatly tend to the advancement of commerce, and be otherways highly beneficial and expedient, That the capital stock of the said bank Should be still further increased, Jo as not to exceed in the whole the sum of three million six hundred thousand pounds Scots money, or three hundred thoujani pounds flerting: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be eriased; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within one A subserip month after the passing of this act, eft as soon after as may be, t, on to be tcourt of ordinary directors of the said bank shall appoint' a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of additional Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or capital of joint dock, to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds 100, pool. Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no shore; in which book every person or j^rfons possessed of two proctors, or more shares of the present capital stock of the said bank of

Scotland, shall be entitled to subscribe for a proportional part of the said new or additional stock, corresponding to the shares so possessed by such person or persons at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more; that is to say. That each proprietor holding two (bares of the present capital stock, shall he Hititled to subscribe for one share of the new additional stock, qpd np more; and soon, in proportion.

- II And, in order that no person or persons possessed of slack in the said bank of Scotland may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended them; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be Proprietors in the power of every proprietor of the present capital stock of may fabfenbe the said company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, pry to authorise any other person he, she, or they shall think proper, to fpbscribe for him, her, or them; and the subscription of the person so authorised shall be equally effectual as if the proprietor yrho gives such authority.had subscribed, with his, her, or their bands.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the privilege and pre Time limited ferenee of subscribing to the new or additional stock hereby r iubfciip given to the proprietors of the present capital stock of the said1101X4 bank, shall be limited to three months from the time of opening the subscription book abovementioned; and after the expiration of the said term, in case any share or shares of the said rtew or additional flock shall not have been subscribed for the said subscription book (shall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors calied, upon such notice #1$ a court of ordinary

I i 3 directors


*5?

How <b*rts unsubscribed for are to be

diipofoliu3

Gain on falea to be applied to the use of the bank.

>^bn<fcylcefi(po q«mtc> Georgjl ill. g, 12., m

of/shall tbiok sit at whkh roceting the; not subscribed for, (hu be d to the higpefr bidden, tt fuak bidder be a pnoprwtor of thq present capital ftocji said bi*k, or be authorised and knpowered to.purchasci u person who is at proprietor of thpfeid<«apiui flock by Wider hit, lw or tbtirhands,

V JW And be it farther enacted, That iuvcafa auy prea^qijl or gain b? received upon or by the said falo or falcs,

shall be applied for the benefit of thegovernoraod cxrtjipei

the bank of Scotland

If the shares are not all disposed of, a subscription to be again

optnedl

General meeting of proprietors may call for new (lock to

V. And be it further enacted, That if any fhace os^jnjra of the new flock hail not be sold at the said general mustang jy proprietors then, and in that ease, the subscription booh shall be immediately again opened; end it shall be ir the power f ny person to subscribe for such a number of shares as, be fh»l choose.

VI. And be it furthef enabled, That it shall and maybe lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors to call for the whole or any part of the new or additional

iicwiiocitio ftoch to be subscribed for, in manner above directed, at Arch b*7ub(gribed times and in such proportions as they shall think proper: pro fey, '- vided always. That no subscriber shall be called upon to pfiy

' up more than his just proportion of one hundred thou land pounds fteding, the amount of the new flock corresponding to the ot^mber of shares subscribed for by him; but it shall not be'in the power of any subscriber to pay up either the whole m any part of the new additional flock, until the same shall be calied, for by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors.

Wo proprietor

VII. And be it further eroded, That no subscriber ofnew of new stock flock shall be entitled to draw any part of a dividend cithir to draw act upon his old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion, of calf II paid in! any (i>at has been ordered by a majority of agene

' meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber of new flock

failing to pay his proportion of such call, shall be charged wip the legal interest upon it until the same be paid, and shall hayc no vote at cle&ioas or general meetings while the same rtynfihs unpaid.' .' a

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate under me hand of the accountant of the said bank, certifying tfiataffll or calls have not been paid by any of the perforowjjo*

Court of fef (ion to utue lettf f of

horning

affa?n<kner - subscribed themfewes to the said new flock, or by any At

/" f I »_ v/\r uviam snir Athnv nttv/vin imnatonm/i e n^arnf<a)a

font failing to persons'for whom any other person empowered. as flfpreli pay in their subscribed to the said flock, shall, when produced with teiie's^ to the court of session, bea fuf&dent warrant to the said court for issuing Tetters of horning against such person or persons ft the call or calls unpaid by theat (he mftanceor iiiie>nfcjhe treasurer of the said bank, '

IX. And be it further enacted, That, after the; new additional flock has been completely paid inno proprietor, fh^tp* elected governor, unless he be poffdftdof twenty rfour tbmkmd pounds Swi", nor deputy governor; unless he be pofiiflfit&irf -

Qualification of governorp

r] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii TIE C 13.'43)

ergnteen thousand pounds; nor director, unless h8bc pojf tifta dfnhife thousatfaf pbtfttds Scots bftb flock of the said go _4 vcrttbr^ndeompany of the bank of Siotknd.

*' X And be it farther enacted, That after the said new addi qgaefaation tiohal ftoek Has been completed in the manner above directed, 'own.

4ao proprietor shall be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or directors; or in any questton firstov general meeting, who is not possessfed of three thousand;'

Scots of flock, and who has not actually paid in the nid three thousand pounds Scots j atld that every proprietor shall have a vote for each three thousand pounds Scots which ho s aftnahy paid in: provided always, That no proprietor shall ?verbe int(tied to more than twenty votes.

XI. And whereasthnt fart of the aforesaid all of the parliament if Scotland which declared, That twenty thousand pounds Scots Should be the hightjt Jhm which any one person be allowed to subscribe j and that part of the aforesaid aether all of the fourteenth of his (rrfent Majesty which provided, That no proprietor Should told'more than twenty shares of the old or more than forty

Jiares of the old and new together, have been found by experience to >befrodulhve of no good confluence, but on the tontrary, to be at.

with great inconvenience; be it therefore further enacted,

That those parts of the said two before mentioned acts be, and restriction In'fhd same are hereby repealed; and thar in time to come, any t*jj'/9rmer 'person.' or persons may hold, in his, her, or their name, fuctr a repealed.

'putriberof shares of flock as he, she, or they, may choose to mibltf dr acquire: provided'always, as abovementioned. That - tft/jirdprietbr (Hal) ever be intitled to more than twenty Votes, either in the annutf'cledtion of governor, deputy governor,

a] directors, Or in any question whatever that may occur or pi made the subject of difeuflion at any general meeting of pro

priefars.

XII. And it r hereby provided and declared, That the said Former au the; parliament of Scotland in the year sixteen hundred confirmed, 'iftfd'irfnery five, excepting so far as the same is altered by the'pis Other act of the fourteent|i of his present Majesty; and also y

'the ftid aft of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall re

Oin full force in all points, excepting in so far as the same fcretf ty this act.'

'xfhi And, lastly; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, lat dtis aft shall bf deemed a' public act; and shall be judi pubbck aftf alfy taken riotice of by all: judges; justices, and outers jvhat*

Without ijpeciahy pleading the same.

Cap. $mv

_ ____ andenabling of farther to examine,

take, and (Tate the public accounts of the kingdom.

asa dfio6eo. 3. C. 4; ^rgeo. j. CI 455 ia Geo. j. C. 05 and a j Geo. h. LI recrrtd. ltiomae1 aogoiib esquire, Arthur Piggott esquire, ixlidme* Msaye /dquire, saoum Beach rott esquire, George Drummond.

: ftybt*, and William Hoc esquire, commissionere appointed to examine

' and.

4&> Anno viapsimo quarto gbqbqufuj. e, rr P[ 178*'i

And rtate the public accounts of the kingdom. thetrecuc«u0etp o^rq tinue in force, from and after July», 1784. No conmuflijpufr.tp - civil office of profit during pleiiure ander his Majesty. Ahy twse rhecommissioner* to he sworn before that abaaceilor of the exi$&£>efv 7 catin former act. The fiid three opvnmissioners to ediniiiffirr^the oath to the rest. Lords of the trealuiy may pay, ooq|. 40 the «csfer rd of the commissioner*. To be employed for the payment of clerks.

Other officers and in defraying all other charges in execution of the covterc t 10 the ad, to be appointed by three comnfiifttoners and accounteid for the exchequer, and to he tax free. Executofi of the accoaatttitt to St J itend of and execute their orders. Continuance of this act lot j bncyear from July as, 1784, and no longer.

CAP. XIV.

_'a a

An act to enable the commissionea of his Majesty's treasury t6 dhvtu*pound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon esq; and his lurerieii and for vetting his elutes in trustees; and for otuer purr poles therein mentioned.*'7'

CAP. XV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging.to je veral parities within the town of Shrew (bury and the liberties inercof, in the county of Salop.

t.

Cap. xvr.

An act to discontinue the petty custom on aliens goods imported into Great Britain, and the duty of one per centum on goods exported, to-pr imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified ships$

etfta for repealing ft much of qn act passed in the fourth year of the reign of bit present Majesty as enact$9 that no part of the old fob july shall be drawn back upon good exported $0 the British tetanies or plantations in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several duties and restrictions, imposed by var'mw

efts of parliament upon merchandize, are by he alteration of the trade now carried on between this kingdom and foreign flaus\ m some cases become an unnecessary burden upon commerce without. producing any real advantage to the public revenue; and it is expedient

that they Should not be any longer continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it crowded by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the adyfe? and consent of lords spiritual and temporal, apd commons this present parliament assembled, anq by the au&wty^f From Aug.'the same. That, from and after the twentieth day August^0, 17*4* the one thousand seven hpndred and eighty-four, the dflty

on aliens monty called The Petty cttjlom9 imposed by an a r made in the goods to cease. twelfth year of the reign of jung.cfyarjqs the Second; intituled, I Afubfsdy granted to the King of tonage and poundage, and otherfums

if money payable upon merchandise exported m.d. i&pfirjed, (ft Jty tjfe rules thereto annexed, and all other additional duties imposed by arjy a. of parliament, upon the goods f aliens, or(upfitetf born, over and' abpve the duties paye \iy naturajrhofp jmf pits, except as herein after is provided, shall peas, icwmw*

78*41}t 'anno v^efirho quarto Georgii III. c. 16.

nd4w na longer paid or payable; any law, cuilom, or usage, o itit contrary notwithstanding.

il.j Provided always, and it i6 heray further enacted, That not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or njvtifealter the duties due and payable, by any act of parlia netrt, upon goods imported into, or exported front, this king lo, apy fqjrqigq ship or vessel, nor tq the duties of pack ige and tcauagcf} or any duties granted by charter to the mayor ind cdmmonalty and citizens of the city of London.

HI. Andyi the better to prevent the said mayor and common ilty and citizens from being fraudulently injured, be it enacted by: heauthority aforesaid, That every merchant, or other, passing any goods, wares, or merchandizes, inwards or outwards, shall by himfdf, or his known servant, factor, or agent, fub* cribe one or more bill or bills of entry, whether such goods are on alien, or British account, and, if required, make oath of: he same before the officer appointed to receive the said duties, (who is authorised, by the charter granted to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, to administer the same;,) and no entry on alien account shall be permitted by the officer of the customs to pass, or the goods to be delivered, unless the Ggnature or mark of the city's collector, or his deputy, appears on the face of such warrant; and if any goods entered on British account, which are (bona sids) aliens property, the merchant or others entering the same shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty, pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster % in the name of the officer or collector appointed to receive the said dues in behalf of the said mayor and commonalty ?nd citizens; and the damages so to be recovered shall be pajd into the chamber of London, for the use of the said mayp^and commonalty and citizens.

ly. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth day of Avgufl, one thoofattd (evert hundred and eighty-four, no part of the duties, commonly called The Impcfi one thousand seven hundred and events nine, and 7 he Impojl one thousand seven hundred and eighty twiy imposed by two acts of parliament made in the nineteenthnd?fw«rtty second years of his majesty's reign, for granting act dftfod ai d dries u|ton the produce of the several duties under the that^geifient of the respective commissioners of the customs and excite in Great Britain, so far as the same hath been, or hahmbm piid or payable upon th aliens duty, chargeable for any goods imported into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel, (half be repaid, or drawn back, upon the exportation of such gfiod^'any thing io the said receited act, or any other act, to thesfiootrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore wd^ That from and aftjer the said twentieth day of August> pne thousaftdtseven hundred and eighty-four, the duty of one per Wtumf €nohhq|)ty c^il^d tys Mediterranean £>uty^ which, by^" u an

4*1

To what duties this act shall not extends

Regulations*relative to Us export and import of merchandise

No goods to be entered on

British account which are aliens property, on penalty of 50w

From Aug so, 1784, no part of the import 1779, nor of the import 178s, payable upon aliens duty, shall be drawn back on sex portation#

From Aug so, 1784, the Mediterranean duty, granted by 13 and 14 Car. s9 cap. II shall cease.

40* ann$r\atbm qtfortfr&wrvh Wf

an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean of therq of king Charles the Second, intiodefl, An o3 jpr, i frauds, and regulating chufiu his cu/hms, VI _ ttporr goods exported from thh Nngdomico atwjort qr or the Mediterranean Southeast, beyond the port; of

ported front thence, to any. port of thn kingdom, uv I or vessel which is not qualified as by the said. a iff*1 and directed, shall cease, determine, and be no loqgfltj payable. -. q

From Aug.

VI. And it is hereby further etiafted by the aq ?» p*rt said, That from and after the said twentieth dayqfv ij^rttiriltl* thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so 3'*of parliament made in the fourth year of his pi

entitled. An act for grunting certain duties iu tie. and plantations in America; for continuing, intending, audoyb perpetual, an act passed in the faith pear of the reign of huksn jefip King George the Secon( An act for the btacri curing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugarcck nies in America \) for applying the effutb dmus, j

the duties to arijie by virtue of the af, towards egfrw» expenses of definding, prtt, andftauring, thejhiictlma a plantation for explaining made

the reign of King Charles the Steond, intituled, oadfxd encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trade and a the better securing the plantation trade; } ant for olttru[ n disallowing ftvetal drmohecis on expects mt. more effectuady preventing ctiweyapt

and from the said cebnietani limitations, and xim

trig the trade between the same and Great Britain; at oa That no part of the rate or duty, commpnly qupl 'Old Subsidy, 'shall be repaid or drawn backtor.»pj t. growth, production, or manufacture

East Indies, which shall be exported from thiq j: iugaot^ro^ British colony or plantation in America, (wirier, whipimm and muslins, only excepted,) fiull be, and tepestlfed and made void. vsviisvs ic

CAP. XVII cb

Ln wsk for amending and rendering more etfe&oil ikimunsk tittf eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, W

better relief and employment of the poor of the otherwise Launceston, and parish of Saint Merry, county of Cornwall $ and for veiling the aftennpw mon lands within the borough in trustees, for ty*mentioned

CAP. XVIII.

'Mfeidi

jj'l C CC;

An act for hying additional

boards, and Jcaleboards I and for explaining eeti. ing the duties imposed hyan spade in the ixt(titj) his present Majesty's reign, intituled An a9; (bf ftp present duties' upon paper, pasteboards, rr{ltftjb ieakboards, mad in Great Britain; and t^jjwhf duties in lieu thereof, 1*'"*"

y

V

tfcpflmi ^irfor^s(mtoflr ri*cbt

4&1

iwfoft 0raciou« Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

'E# ffo^majestirti «oa dutiful and loyal subjejfts, the coti$m»ttt ottitaa Britain, ia parliament atiembled, fomf Waiting the nseeflhry fopplics to defray your majesty's hj«w*xpe*«s* have freely and voluntarily resolved to give M gimfct umo your Majesty lb several additional rates and,

rite upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, and scaleboard^ ri^after 'mentioned j and do therefore most hnmbly beck yoormajesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted efife King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice Plmitoff of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common

_ present parliament assembled, and by the authority of

That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and Frora Ao?*

fevdh; hertdfed and eighty-four, shall be made in Great, foal' pap*r» bveriaridabove all former duties of excise, or other duties al miuhoa^d and ready5imposed thereupon, by any a of parliament, the further realeboard, rates fahrf duties here in after particularly mentioned and de made in fcfibed, 'and dafted In the several tables annexed to this act: Great Britaini (that is W frv, J videlicet,

flsinf of paper made in Great Britain for writing, imperial

tisthijmpefiaii of the value o( two, pounds, eleven Shillings ttoftrssma per reahy artd'tipwtrtls, and not exceeding the dimensions of* "

twenty ttvo inches by thitty inches and a quarter, three Shillings*' '

For cveftf ream of paper made'in Great Britain for writing. Super royal eatlldd sitph* Rejal, of the value of one pound, eighteen Shillings am pri yearn, and upwards, and not exceeding, the di mentions of p'nineteen inches and a quarter by rwenty fevaa inches and an has, the sum of two Shillings and threepence,

every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Royal ditto, called Bejal, of the value of one pound, nine Shillings par *<(. per, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions ot nine rean, J k inches and a quarter by tweenty tour inches, ode shilling btd>hide peoce s

; fbrisvwf irahri rf paper made in Great Britain for writing, Mediiimdittp, of the value of one, pound, two Shillings, and a, pef fxpence 'per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di uenfions of (eventeet^ inches and an half by twenty-two inches 1 an half poe shilling and sixpence:

' evtty rmiti Of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy writing (rjpety, of the value of sixteen Shillings per ream, and paper, is. per Ipyhfrdt, 'arid hot exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches jpd'aa half by twenty indies, one shilling:

tta'.'every rtam of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Thick post med tytiti pejl, of the value of thirteen Shillings per ream, d PU

'*4'i andream*

Thin poll ditto, 7 d. per ream

Small pod ditto, 6 CL per reamj

Fools cap ditto, 6 d. per ream;

Pott ditto, d. per ream;

Double atlas, for writing, or copperplate printing, ios. per ream;

Demy, for ditto, 7d. per ream;

Copy, for writing, or copperplate printing, 4d, per ream;

Fools cap. for ditto, 3 d. per ream;

Littiis fools cap. for ditto. 3 CL per ream;

Pott, for ditto, id. per ream; f

gtfntf vfetsimo qvttrto^eougu.

and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeftfion*rofloft&eti inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and h laflf£ pence; .«7 - V -

fr every ream of paper macft'so Great Britain called Thin Pcjt, of the value of ten fhiuvfigft Wards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen' uxdheitfm a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, feverwpehdet

For every ream of paper made in Great Brit&kt fa wrhfor, Called Small poj1> of the value of seven Shillings and six pierkc per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dfitoeftfidris of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and art haff* pence: '-

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Cap. of the value of nine Shillings per stem, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inched and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, sixpence

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Potty of the value of six shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve indies and anhalt by fifteen inches and an half, fourpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copperplate printing, called Double atlasy of the vdaetf fifteen pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding she dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and fc half, ten Shillings;

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain fotwririn^, or copperplate printing, called Demy of the value of twent Shillings ream, and upwards, and not exceedmgtlied^n^i fions of fifteen inches and an half by; twenty inches, fcvca pence; 'V - V

# For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing or copperplate printing, called Copy or Bastardj 6f ttot seven Shillings and sixpence per ream, and upwards, and at exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by ewemy inters and a quarter, four pencei^ 1

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copperplate printing, called Feels Cap. of the vatae f six Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and ah half by sixteeo inches and three quarters, threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Brit*b*forvnii\n§ or copperplate printing, called Litris Soils Cap. f bd Vatoaf six Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding mentions of thirteen indies and an half by ieveimen inchest an half, threepence, n t

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for wrifiwra or copperplate printing, called Potty of the*value<)f/otir'4hfi4 ings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the ditaeoiferij of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches amdaahafivttqfl pence:

Sot every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writidgj

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. i $4465

r copier plate printing, calied, Grandpagle or Double e&pbanti Grand «gle, f the value of four pounds per ream, and upwards and not xpeeeding, ftkedimenfions of twenty six, inches, and threep'[uarters by forty inches, four shillings:

very ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, coiombier, sot if, copperplate printing, called Colombier, of the value of two c, tt J d >punds and ten Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex perre*n, t ceding the dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by hirty ipur inches and an half, three shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Ada, for die r copperplate printing, called Atlas, of the value of three to, (worth 31.) kktnds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di s per ream; nenfions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four in:

: five, Shillings,

every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Ada, for ir eppper plate printing, called Atlas, of the value of two writing or 'ounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen copperplate io0?of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches,) —

wo Shillings and sixpence: ad. per

For every reaip of paper made in, Great Britain for writing, ream; ir copperplate printing, called Small Atlas, of tyre value A one Small atlas, etund and ten Shillings per ream, and upwards, and oot ex for ditto, gediipg the dimensions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one "* Pw nches, two Shillings and sixpence: ream;

For. gvery ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Imperial, for r copperplate printing, called Itnperial, of the value of one ditto, 1. gd, round and tieoftulhngs.per ream, and t upwards,; and not ex per ream; ceding the dimensions of twenty-two inphes by thirty inches m.d. a quarter, ojqc shilling and nine*pence:

For every ream.of paper made ip Great Britain for writing, Super royal,

r copperplate printing, called Super Royal, of the value of for ditto, 1«. ine pound and five (Killings per ream; and upwards, and not d per ream;

i*ceeding the dimensions of tupetcen.inches'and*a. quarter by

wenty deven inches and a half, one shilling and sixpence;

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writings Long royal,: ir copperplate printing, called Long Royaof the value, of one for ditto, 1 $. iound per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimea per ream; ions of twenty seven inches and an half by eighteen inches,

>qe shilling:,

Fqr every ream of paper made, in Great Britain foe writing. Royal, for '

r copperplate printing, called Royal, of the value of eighteen ditto, 11. per hillingsand upwards, and not exceeding the dimen re, m iops ofnineteen inches and a quarter by twenty ijour inches,

northeast fltjjliqg i, 'I

For every roam, of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for r copperplate printing, called Demy, of the value of thirteen ditto, 7d. per billings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen team; ions ofseventeea ioches by twenty-two inches, fcvet? pence:

fot.every team of paper madq in Great Britain for writing, Short if cppper, pl»tc. printing, called. Short Demy or Grown', of the for writing/or alue or nine fl)il}ings per, ream, and upwards, and pot exceed copperplate

jne printing, jd.

<* £cr ream

Paper for banknotes. See. 1t. per ream

46# Atmevkeflf* quarto

iqg the dimensions of fourteen inches by twe^adpif a quarter) or of fifteen inches by twenty I nchea* fir«sp:

_ t tfor every ream of paper made in Great Britain % wng

ditto*as^'pw' or copp«r'p^atc Panting, called Large Fapt of thfc va^ueofa team*Shillings per ream, and upfeards, and not exceeding dimensions of twenty three inches and an half by tw^wytoci and an half, one shilling: T. J

For every ream of paper made in Great Britan, tfx vfai

dsw, od! per or popper pla, e printing, called Small of ntn'i*eleven Shillings per ream, andupwards, and oot

dimensions of twenty-two inches and a quarter ly inches and a quarter, nine pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain tat \ Elephant, for or copperplate printing, called of the vafop/cif fibe

ram* billings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the

fiorts of twenty three Inches by twenty-eight laches, sui pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bint j bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in d sheet, one shilling; 'and foin proportion for«greater fitiq number of bills or notes in each (neet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing dou called Double De, of the value of of? J

od. on*'*' eighteen Shillings per bundle, and upwards, and ndt berth) the dimensions of twenty six inches by thirty dj'fofococio an half, one shilling ant) nine pence: - "j.

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing called Royal, of the value of one pound^and four jfisjingt^f r°y'*<, ' bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dfouamm*! ftt "Ua t; nmeteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches Indy

or of twenty inches by twenty six inches, onefhifoagiwm p«n«' \

Printing royal or ever bun^e f paper made in interior, ti. ing, called Royal Inferior, of the value of fourteen (hifaljpl1 per bundle) bundle, and upwands, and not exceeding the diatens^c nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inchesii(j jij

- eight pencei g. j

For every bundle of paper made id ?.ffw

called Medium, of the value of one poilod prr' "-

wards, and not exceeding the dimensions" " twenty-three inches, eleven pened:

Printing demy For every bundle of paper made in Great.

sin ing, called Demy Single, 01 the value of

bub le bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding d seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two in teen inches and a quarter by twenty-one ificbea i ten pence:

printingdemy For every bundle of paper made in greatbr

inferior, 6 d. ing, called Dttrry Infen of the value bf teq

bundle, and upwards, and not exceedifig.jfoe L seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two 1

Printing medium, nd. per bundle;

pet bundle;

aih^vi^mb 4*?

Frir every 'bniadle of paper made m Great Britain printing, Printing dou xci'doune Crown, of the value of seventeen fltilkngs tyecrown.sd. 5sdju£' and "upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of Pw bundle rctitf inches by thirty inches, eight pence.

For 'everybuodk of paper made in Great Britan for print' Double crown 1 &4ued 'Double Crown Inferior, of the value of twelve dull inferior, cr* ftr bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per bundle m of twenty inches by thirty inches, seven pence;

Fdr every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print printing.fia tg, Oiled Single Crown, of the value of thirteen Shillings per gk wown,* mub^ and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of pr bundl#i steen inches by twenty inches, eight pence:

Fdr every'bundle of paper made in Great Britain for pr int single crow

(e called Single Croton Inferior, of the value of eight Shillings inferior, d

rr'bdndle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of P bundle tftefen inches by twenty inches, five pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print Printing de bg*. called dtmjtijjut, of the value of eight Shillings per bun tny

ms, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seven peru ie

Kit ihphet and an half by twenty-two inches, five pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print Crown tissue, crowntijjue, of the value of five Shillings per bun 3d. per bua tod upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen dle» let by twenty inches, threepence: r'Fbr every bundle Of paper made in Great Britain for print Printing do, iag, called Double Pott, of the value of nine Shillings per bun ble pott, 6d. fieyand upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seven pr bundlei (beta Inches, bytwenty five inches gna an half, sixpence:

For evfery ream or paper made in Great tailed - Cartridge, yd. tridgfr hot exceeding the diiflenfiorts of twenty-one inches by per ream htenty ftr1 inches, seven pente:

For every ream of paper made in Grtat, called Spare Square cart

ttoririige, n at exceeding the 'dfmenfibns of twenty-four inches ridge, 8d. tod in half by twenty-five Inches and an half, right pence: 1 pr ream

1 Far cvriy ream of paper niade in Great Britain, called Car Small cart bridgt, flirt exceeding the difaeflfions of nineteen inches and a ridge, 6 d. quarter by twenty-four inches, sixpence: perreamj

fof'ewy team of paper made in Great, called Elephant y&dbf Gonna, nor exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three ednimon/jd.

tries bytwtaty rightinches^ five pence: '"'" perreamj

For eve ry ream of paper made in Great Britain, tailed Ars ar Sugv blue,

&ng the dimensions'^of twenty oherinches and sd per 1

t tmeer inchtt, right pence: 1 ram

up made in"greatbritain, toiled Sugar Sugar blue, s&^'not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen smallerbixe, nik'qinuters by twenty seven inches, sixpence'f 6 d p61, ream

U

I Cf,

y warn paper ftfiide in Great Bcalled Sugar

rctm 1

Purple royal, 4d. per ream)

Blue elephant, d, per ream)

Bine royal, Sdl per biui die y

Blue demy feloflbm, 6d. per bundle j

Blue crown fingte, 3 d. per bundle f

Royal hand thick, 4^. per ream:

Royal hand, d. per bundle

dumber hand, d. per bundle

Double two

pounds, 3d. per bundle;

Single two

pound, t d. per bundle

midd!e, hand double, d. per bundle;

Middle hand, 3a. per bundle)

an*o >^icduim^jc^iarachrafx|koab^T ftfla

Blue Grmvn: ixe, aot exceedingaba diaserifipntfof fjffce»rtochc> by twenty mchet, five pc nee: < 1^/*'.*v£l.

For every ream of paper raadedn fed^mfc

Itytf/, not exceeding the: Amenfions of nitaetttn inctfe* Wl in half by twentyrfour inchesand at quarter, foudpenofcv For every ream of paper made in Great Britain\ cum'm £jepbantt. not exceeding the dtrqeaftons of twenty thrfeehtfeho by twenty-eight inches, fixpeaces. 1; 'V- -

every bundle of paper made in Great qjjfed

Blue Reytl, not exceeding: the dnoonfions of^htilttdfh^mt^s

suid an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter?

For every bundle of paper made in Grtst briuan;

Dymy an£m*jfbm, not exceeding the dimerriioftfc dt ftverriecn inches by twenty-two inches, fixpente:V

every bundle of paper made in Great ^britmoe; caltedjfiu Crown Single, not exceeding the dimenfoms ol ftftetfrincftti by twenty inches, threepence: i ^5

For every ream of whited brown paper mad»4h tain called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding jthe twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and pence: V

every bundle of whited brown paper made taint called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimrnfiditft>df twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a qtrtlrte^ fiwf* pence:, V

For every bundle of whited brown paper made hi Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the dimenfiofls"# twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, fourpence r /*every bundle of whited brown paper made insn tain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the drmeiilibq* tf twenty-four inches by sixteen inches, threepence "1 '*

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in' Qtaat r tain called Single Two Pounds not exceeding the ditaerifita^ of sixteen inches by eleven inches, one penny

For every bundle of whited brown paper made

tain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the di&ehfidti of 'thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, sixpence: r

Small baud, double, 4d, per bundle;

Small hand,d. per bundle;

ouples uind and if pound, d. per bun

For every bundle of whited orown paper made in 'Qreal bn tain, called. Middle Hand, nob exceeding the dioaerdbehx^twenty-two inches by sixteen inches, threepence:

For every bundle of wilted brown paper made inchat Britain, c^wed Small Hand Double, not exceeding the dhnettfioik of thirty-two inches by twenty indies, four pencei^5r, ir51*

For every bundle of whited brown paper made^in tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimen teen inches and three quarters by sixteen inches^t'wo^'pehfcef^ For every bundle of whited brown paper made^mgrti&bh* tain, called Gouples Pound and Half Pound, not*teeding dimensions of twelve indies by tea inches, nd dfirihe ladhi by seven inches and an half, one penny i > C

wy i Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18.

for^very ream of brownpaper made in Great Britain, called tmferudcap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty nihfe in the* by twenty wo inches, fourpence

For, every ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, called Haven Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty four inches by twenty inches, three pepee:

for every ream of brown paper ittade in Great Britain, call6 Bag Cap. hot exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three In.: be and an half by nineteen inches twopence:

For every vreaqi of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Kfinttfp cis not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one iuchei t>y eighteen inches, twopence:

For evejjry ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, trailed four Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by sixtech ihqhes, twopence:

For every ream or brown paper triade in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, one penny

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Qaajble Pour Pounds, not exceeding the dimerifions of thirty hree inches by twenty inches, fourpence r, For every bundle of brown paper made in Great Britain, Ufd Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of six seen inches by eleven inches, twopence t For every jbundle of brown.paper riiade in Great Britain,: ?Head Couples Pound and Half Pound, hot exceeding the dimen lons of twelve inches by ten inches, and of bine iriches by 1b pen inches and an half, one penny:

For every hundred weight of pasteboarcl, millboard, scale ioard, and glaied paper, inde in Great Britain for clothiers tnd hot preiters, drte drilling ind sixpence; and after those ates for iny greater or less quantity of such pipers; paste toards, millboards and scaleboards, respectively:

4*9

Imperial cap. 4- d. per ream;

Havon cap.

I d, per ream;

Bag cap. ad per ream)

Kentifheap, id. per ream;

Pour pounds, id. perream.

Smalt cap. t d. per r^tni

Double fortr pounds, id, per ream;

Single Two

pounds, td.

per bundle;

Couples pound and half pound, t i d. per bundle;

Pasteboard.

See. it. dd. per hundred weight

Which fiid several rates and duties iipov> the said fevei'al forti ^, c5tdu?

f paper, and other the commodities last mentioned, to be makers made in Great Britain, shah be truly paid by the makers there f respectively, according to the dilnenfions, denominations, aid value, in the several tables annexed, and hfcrein befdre federally described and expressed,

And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty first f his present ^aiajtjlyireign, (entitled, An act for repealing the G °*' c'* )resent duties Upon paper, pasteboards, millboards, and cale >oards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties p licuthereof,] several rates and duties art imposedupoh the fever dl r Tree of paper made in Great Britain, according to the dimensions, dominations, and values, epepressed in the said oft, and the several tufas aperito annexed; and it is also enacted and declared, That the va tittfofjfah paper made in Great Britain, as is to pay duty ad valo em fhbuld, m dll cases, be token to be so much as such paper Jheuti e'worth, to be sold so sounds Ihe same is perjeft!y made, from time to N

Vo a. XXXIV*Kk iil

The doty to Included be ito the vahxes of the paper exprefmh therein

The powers for levying and recover

Anno vicesimo quarto gfcorglt Hli ft; lft. f

time at London, without resptfl to the duly io.be xbatgtd therjaipm: and whereas dotibts bdvf arisen, tubether such values fbah ittaiest.u be so much ol/mb paper jbeuld be worth inimftve efthe duty papbit for thejame*pr exclusive thereof: now, for removing such da&bcs, be it farther enacted and declared by the authorityoforesaid, That the values of such paper made in Great Britain expressed in the ft id a ft, and in the several tables thereto annexed, add also the values of such paper made in Great Britain as is to pay duty ad valorem shall, in all cases be taken to beco ntuchaf such paper shall be worth, to be sold so soon as the same iapet fcftly made from time to time, inclusive of the duty in be charged thereupon by the said act, and by this act...: ry.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and fespective duties by this act itnpofcdopoa ii^r the dotieg* paper? pfteboaid, millboard, and fealeboard, made In o?therecit«dGreat Britain shall, from time to time, be raised, received, aft an Geo. 3. levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and c^endwito under such management, and under such penalties arulforfei tbiiaft* tures, and witlvludi power of adjudging and mitigaung^ penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and fubioft to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an act of the twenty first year of hi present majestyvreign, intituled An act for repeating the present duties upok pap*r+patfe* boards millboards* and]'cahboardsr made irt Great Britain, euedfsr granting other duties in lieu thereof are by that act to bt raised, received, levied, recovered, or feefuted; and that the hid aft, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained^for the ratting receiving, levythg, recovering secum^pxyi&g, or accounting for the said duties thereby granttd^ arc and HUH he by force of this act continued, prtfdtifed, andr put! Ih execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering,; fcctiring, paying, and accounting for the duties upon papet pafeeboard, j millboard, and fealeboard, by thi$ aft granted, and making allowances oat of the same, as fully and effectually, !toal| intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at latgexe peated in this present act. i

Hew duties to

IV. And be k frmher enacted by the amhority adfotiefeid, be liable to the That the said several and respective rates and duties, itcmrubc additional im fore granted on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard, posts of five per maje in Qrect Britain shall be subject and liable to tbdaddi arnountthere* t, ()nal duties or imposts of five pounds par./wsnmr^; five.efouneb of, imposed per centum, and five pounds per centum feverattyinrposed by by the acts 19 the acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twetity firif^ and Geo. 3. CI5. twenty feebrid years of the reign of hi prelaw upon the produce and amount thereof; and that such; additional duties or imposts of five pounds per centum five pounds pnen turn and five pounds per centum shall be ratted, levied, collected, and paid in the same manner, and under the same rules regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, and means, penalties

- ajd

11 Geo. ], c. 17. and 21 Geo. 3. c. 66.

Arm «5t£rtft«rqaarto Georg illll. c. 18. 471

amd foirfelwn^ xt. the vfatd additional duties or itnpoftsrc by of the nineteenth xwenty first and twenty fecoud ^3^eartfkef his^rfcfent majesty's reign directed to be collected apd paid, ^V

- V And whereat ifrahd by thefetid dfi.it is provided That no Recital of part thingyrt t be [did all ceftteined^stall extend to hindir any hjafor of paper o th Geo. 3. from fading fab paper from the mill whtrt made to any other willy C*. to be fixed or fimjhed fit for life provided leave for that purpose be for^bcyia^" fast obtained in writing from the commissioners of excise for the time 1,

- being and that notice thereof shall have bee given to the officer of*txeije twenty-four hoars at the lea ft in order that such officer map attend and take an account thereof: ami whereas the obtaining such

- in writing from the (ommeffimers tf excise is tlnnecessary* and 7

twenty-four hours notice to the officer of excise is insufficient; M

For remedy thereof be it crta&ed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said a tf contained shall extend to hinder Fdrty etat: maker of paper from sending such paper froirt the mill hours tjotiee 'where made to any other mill to be fiaed or finished fit for proper life, provided notice thereof shall have been given to the officer officer, Sic x>f eaccjfe forty^eight hoars at the lead in order that such offi. r cei may attend and tike an account thereof; and provided such i paper be removed with a proper certificate from an officer of excise, expressing the quality and quantity; and when such paper shall have beat so removed to the mill or place where tbd lame iato be fixed or made fit for use the same shall be under. the>like dirct&ions as to marking and (lamping* and all other miners imd things as if such paper had been firii(hcd and sized at the mill where made; and such paptr maker shall, for^thfcbreach of any bf th directiorls aforesaid, be subject to thd^like penalties he would have been subjc«ft to if the said paper

fiad not been renaovech - as Vh filtui h is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Additional % said: thgt there shall be raised levied, collected and jiaid, to duties upofi, !; and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and ed^stet^auir" -- iipon the several sorts of paper herein after enumerated, which jot i7s4>vid*i shall from and after the said tenth day of Augjuft* one thousand liceti Tsewn: buridved[ and eighty?four, be imported or brought into tins kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs

duties already Imposed thereon the several and jkeipeaive duties uercia after mentioned; that is to fry

- Fdr everyreatto of paper called Atlas teri shilling 2 Atlas, ted,

onujsocevery ream of paper called Blue eight pence: per ream;

bjroriev^ry ream of paper called Brown and Brown Capt dr biue, sd rff^hsud browuy fourpence:

jog fociyeryream of paper called Cartridge eight pence: ^ub T For every ream of paper called Demy one shilling and nine Canridge, 8d. rypittecs.iv^ r:. Demy, i. 9d.

For every ream of paper called Elephant sour Shillings: Elephant, 4

- for every ream of paper called Imperial ted Shillings: Imperial, ios*

jlk i' For

rd

Apnoi vice^qip^quartp Georgiiiil C i0. f1784i

Medium, i. Fof every ream of paper called. dt. sixpence: '\'j riii Ht. d: II

for, it. For every ream of paper called po/lt onefhfllirtgi*; r:

Royal 4* For every ream of paper called Royctl, four Shillings 3 - - fa

Ordinary pator every ream of ordinary paper, (not includedunder^h^ per, dd. of jjie aforegoing heads,) bxpence: -: r

Pasteboard Tor every hundred weight avoirdupoise, of pastebwd, frtul* u.6d 3pcr ° ba, and fealeboard; and for every hundred weight of gire; bundled fof clothiers and hotpressers* open shilling

weight. pence and in the like proportion sot any greater or Ids quantity i

Duties to be And the said duties shall also be subject and liable to an additio additioua^five na post or duty f vc p°'ji^s per centum, and 6ve pounds percents im pr centum thereon, which were ifoposed by twp several acts of posed by 19 parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of Geo chis majesty!s reign, for granting to his Majesty additional tttu ^ut*es upon l^c pfoduce of the ftverat dories under co. 3. C nagernenc of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain. 1 J

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afpre! jm^rt^u?cl faiil, That the said duties herein before granted upon the1m{' the direction portation of such foreign paper, shah be urider the maaagel of the comment and direction of the commissioners of his majesty's cuff ipioionevs of toms in England and Scotland respectivety, and shall be pail theciiiloms, down in ready money without any discount of deduction whan in ready fuever, and flail not be drawn back upon the exportation oft hi money. See. Arne goods; and the said duties shall be sailed, levied, cojfefl

ed, recovered, and paid, in the manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rum ways, and methods, as the former duties for such paper aje respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as falfy, twas C intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers dirtct

ons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any a or as of parliatheil

' T*relating thereto, er particularly repeated and again ennfjttd in the body of this present at.

VIII. And whereas Jlanding contrails may have been made before

Per fens serve frjd°y f Juty* one tkoufandfetoen hundred and eighty four, by

in public makers of or dealers in paper, for serving public offices, Jocteties, or offices, fic. other personty with paper, to be delivered, in point of time, after the

virmeof^n" tent^August, one, thousand fevers hundred and eighty traftspreced Jmrl lt ts hereby epaded. That the persons fefving such paper ingjulyi, after the said tenth day of august, one thousand seven hundred

1784. nay and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contracts, shall be attenew0' a^owed to ac*d the duties hereby charged upon such paper to duties tonthe Price hereof, and shall be entitled by virtfce of this a price thereof, to be paid for the same accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the said additional dudies by

this

i i

VI - al^-.

b7$4*j:; Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. it.: 47

this act imposed upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, and scale Mtoierarfing

board, (the neeeoaty charger of raising and accounting for the by same excepted, J shall, from time to time, be j>ajd into the tottxia^; itetfrpnof his majesty s exchequer iijmftwinfler^ fcpzntc andquer. apart from other duties; and the said money fq, paid into the Application f^fleehipt^exchequer as aforesaul, shall be a fund for the thereof, pffymettt the Several annuities, and all such other charges and ex peaces as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an of this present feflkin.of parliament, iptituletf* An act for raising a certain jjtm of myuy by way of annuities, and for flmjb*ing a lottery.

j A $ L EJ S mentioned and referred to by this act

FIRST TABLE. Denomination.

Until i, 1.

I /*V

HI..' hkiiti Kji

'fni&rial' - V -

fafya -'

1 Wediudf -

Iietif'

1 thicjc^oft. —

thiajolv -

©aij P -

- £9?^ Cap -

sm i: -

J WL. n»"»'I

Value per Ream, and upwjtfds. 1 Not exceeding 'the Dimensions of Additional Duty per Ream.

£* \ J. y. Inches - Inches V

'i1 11 0 ia by i 3 Q

i' 19 © i71: 2 3

1: 9 0 9*4 1 9

r. 2 6 7s*1 1 6

0 .16 0 Mi 30 1 0

0 l3 0 Mi i 0 9

0; IQ 0 Mt »yi 0 i

0 \7 6 3 i J 0 6

0 0 0 i (6? 0 6

0 0 t2' ' Mi 0 4 i

V 4 V -7> £ iw 1 y, i:

\ W..; o" "

- ij: .) l'ji'*- -: r.?d r!

ott;

j'»

*.'1

V 1 t

0;

1.7

Kfc$

SECOND

474^Anno vicesimo quarto Gsofettll fft.' 6tf9. {17^4

si $ £> r aifck f vala* per fleam, I t5s^c3e3s!

t — — fi

Valfft'per Ream, ! anti

Duty per Ream.

t:

0 UI' "io: D

a: R '

- O i r ?+: -

ot -

o

4* Ojc

i

5 05.

2 6

' a '1

:1* i

I 63j

ft 0

f 0

i <* 7

yo s

: rrfi

0 9

i nu

s I'C LOCI

A i i; 2.

i -, 1b LII

j i =: ji brm

I'flift'

:; ri IL smd

'A '

1

L kiia

I)>' Rtfl

I <?*>IW

rfbn difl

- o'v

1; 9III mdt

dqb

t r a

O s,

O

O j,

4

L r.

DENOMINATION.

upwards.

Not Wo '/; tic f*dlmenfions of

Wait i.kc or copper plats i Printing.

Double Atlas* -

Demy -

Copy, or Ballard —

Fools Cap —

Littris Fools Cap Pott -

Grand Eagle, or Doable Elephant cbloc^bier.

Atlas., —

Ditto't? —

Sipalj atl's -

Imperial -

Super Royal -

lo/ig Royal -

Royal — — m

Demy -

Short Dnhy, or Crowns —

Urge Fan -

sm^ll Fa r -

- —

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills r of*not^s, aflowing Two Bills qr Notes, in each Sheet, and foin. Proportion for an) greater or leflfer Number of lil(s or Notes in each Sheet,

THIKP tabte.

rurntitfo.

Double t)emy -

Royal

Royal inferior —

Medium.

Demy Single ' -

Demy iprcrior —

Double Crown —

Double c>own inferior Single Crdwn —

Single Crown inferior Demy Tifliie —

Crown Tissue -

Put.

o

12

6

6

4 o

10

o

o

10

5 o 18

d.

O

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

per Ream.'

18

13

*4

o

10

n

12

Inchoc Inches

s 20

1 u L a

i7*

l*r

a 40

i 34s

ai 34

J 34

S 3*

a f

9i L

*7? 18

i4

>7 ta

H

V

t5°, 3

ri * aa ti3

1

26

*9 i

20

r

18

t

by i

or

L i

r7s

20

20

15 ls 17i f5., 17

24f'

*3

22

r. 'J

*2 0 30

30 V 20 20 il zo

-. 2ss

1.784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. is

FOURTH T A LI L F.

DENOMINATION.

475

Not exceeding Additional

the Duty per

Dimensions of Ream,

Inches Inches /. J.

21 by 26 0 7

24s 25{ 0 8

*9* 240 6

23 28 - i 33 0 s

0 8

8f - »7* 225 zo 0 6;

0 0 y 5

24* 0 t

23 28 0

so Hi K th per Bundle.

0 8

7 22'0 6":

*5 20 0 lv3

24 y 19j per Ream.

0 I 1 4

per Bundle.

ft9* 0 4

*3 18 0

24. 16 16 1, ^oi 0?;

*3 21 1 0 6?

22, 5 © 1

3* 20 f 16 0 b JR 4' s

C 10 7

]«4. V; ti

t 9, 7i

29 22 ' per Ream.

0 4.

2+ 20 0

23x fjj 0 J

2« 48 0 1

b 16 0 4 1

20 !j o

330 0

l6 U, per Bundle

0 I 1 r

C'* to.). r

1 di 0 1 1

t 3 7i I 1

/rrhundrec

Wright

*.*1 1 p

ole '

Ordinary and coloured. Cartridge -

Cartridge Square " —

Cartridge -

Elephant common -

Sugar Blue -

Sugar Blue, smaller Size —

Sugar Blue, Demy Size -

Sugar Blue Crown Size —

Purple Royal -

Blue Elephant -

Blue Royal -

Blue Demy and Blossom ——

Crown Single -

t:

'} 1

t FIFTH table.

Whited Browns and Browns.

Royal Hand Thick -

ftoyjri Hand -

Lumber Hand — — r — 1 —

Double Two Pound - — j —

Single to Pound a'.

Middle Hand double t -

Hand — r -

Hand double — 4 —

Small Hand

1

Qeuflet Jpound and Half Round.

|, r

jlmperialjcap -

Hayon Cab - —

iccitelh^cap t \

- .1

Sxnkll Cjtp — — i

C Double Pojur Pounds a^ —

£ifljgje 'invo Pounds' — *tt

I; 1.; -,

|?a&eboird, Millboard, L and Scaleboard. and Glazed Paper for clothiers nd Hot; Pfeifers,

vju

anvi4ctilne'qoeit6>to^irtdc>ir»9da[i68|ti

t J; wnmrt'avl»uv<^i

CAP. xlx. - Wc '.i V 5

An ao'to mmaeand continue vn o£umtdr4n

reign of his present Majesty, har eacooraging the riariofiaj&mv oft leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the itripbrti^ tien of oak: back, when the price of Such barkflttf certain rate, for a limited time i ami for eulondbg fnkfial, mhs ofparbamont relative to the monufaflare of le&fkr}hihbht'

fart of Great Britain tahtd Scotland. -.wir

Preamble, TIP WHEREAS the law herein after, mntiotudejsaik lpd(p|mp'

T V Hence beyn found ufefutand benefitipk audit mp*htd'i'r\>*tit' therefore pnacted by the king's tnoft excellentjuafofiy, fcfvob4 i with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tentyafaw and commons, in this, present parliament assembled, and by the t Geo. i. e. authority of the same, That an act made' in the twelfth.yoar. of C jo. renved, e reign of his present Majesty, (entitled; An ewtmraf

ingle marwj'allureof leatherby lowering the duly payable, the.

importation of oak bark, when the prueof.such bark ball ereetientertain rate, for a limited time), which was to continue in i«oe for five years, and from thence to the end of the; theu nek: session of parliament; which act was by another act nayde 4a thf seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thfcocc. to, the end of the then, next session of parliament, (hast kie revived,

ard the fajne is hereby revived, and shall cofhinne: ^pd^bcin

and continued force for the further term of five years, and frofnthence lo the sop five years. clYj of the then.next session of parlia.nknt. J.

Rwnalof U. And whereas by an all of parliament made, iulbenieotkytar of: 9«kuoe, C ». the reign of her late majesty Qu Anne, (tfiftetekaia^u^ipt laying certain duties upon hides andfleios, tanned, Jawod^ fr tlrtfled, and upon vellum and parchment; for though tortnuf thirty-two years, for prosecuting the war, and othepp..her, majesty's most nectary occasions; hath

act made in the third year of the reign of his late mafefiy ftftg cjeotge the f'irjl, been made perpetual to pis Maffiy, kit hfikl mid.

fiutijjors forever, tut subject redemption by, par foment 1. II isffc

toe first nmtiotttd. aft, among other things, rffitfd, Thajt. in the t Jac. a. C s. fiejlyear of the reign of King James the.first, of kapiymmofjs*gofid ami wholefopte same was mode\tmemng tathwtfc makers, currier, and other.artificers.m leather,

pr.ovimii.wasmo ft for the tent and well tanmng, <wfttfiigh fisu tiorfing of leathery and for and (enter, uing the buying Mdiftiimgtof leather, red and unuv ought, inopen fairs and marietfi ondfir.jmd) other matters, and things; relaas in, the fou flotvtts, ode plainly and largelyexpressed, the dueemeution where hath bttn and is oj great importance to the public good ond/endet t/tha.

'realm, and wits very much contribute to the after tain itig ptniedubfau i of, the duties by this act intended to, bp granted rtond hdltbaetby enabled, That all mayors, bailiffs, and other tffcmfm^the time being, in the several cities, borought, and mar bet itwnipftba

'redhs.

]Ao$© tioibnp quart>/qix»(c ft o&c.qff.

ramhn, and tie nfptbivtlords of ube?tirsy-fairs, end markets, end

the matteri end wardensof ebr fiverai tempaniesin the send eft /*

prefif&t end. currimlfioemaiersidmi vtiefartifker

gliend nspry other porfm endperfiki whatsoever, an or

ought fobatamjmed in tie exetuhtu of the said fiatnte, or pm cho-

dten^tifrwnuy fboll (mderfisdrjams, penalties

ar qrp fistefin. >fivereib exprefed) dtdy.tneaobserve, 'to % th tit. same fioitfte* and ail tie dausex, matters, 'and things tbtirem

contained, in relation to the tannneg, irtjsing, matting, haying, felting, trying, fialing, rendering, or, aether matters, Othfr, r.

theetyfieh as hate pen Ottered by any loworflatute finer that tiptd

mode ani nans in fine: and whereas doubts bate been made whether the hefedenetted dua/e, andfo muds of the foetid all King James

hovbfias is therein mentioned; and rt tna£does extend to that fari^ofbhe united kingdom of greitbritain failed Scotland, and by' mextntwboreof the duties upon leather in that part of the >-

kingdom are greatlydefined and impaired, by rtafin tf per sins tube use the art ermyfietytf teaming tf leather, at the sane time ex erdfixg tke eraft 6r nrtfltrj of Jkocmalers, or other cutters

ofdemcti Contrary to the true intent and meaning of the before mtn- tiinfd'attdih port rented alt of King James therefore,

for the patting an end to such doubts for the future, and for the'beuer and more effeaully tearing the duties due and pay awejohis Majesty upon all hides and fleirn tanned and dressed in that {mrtcif the said united kingdom, be it deplored and enacted hf'thii tutherify aforesaid, That fomueh of the said aa of Such part of though' ftsft year of thereign of King James the Fist as is recitedj*c and re enacted in the before Mentioned a A of the ninth yer of ttise reign of Queen Onto, does, and always did extend to all declared to andeicrypbrt of the said united kingdom; and that no person extend to or^erferts liling: Or 'exeftifing1 the myftevy of tfadc of tanning every p*rt of y birtfelfj or bytmy other person ovpersons what Great "luin» foewefr/thalty'dprfbg the tithe that he shall souse the said my ftesy r tiidc'ofa tanner, occupy, exercise, or use the craft nr ntyftdry trfotihoemaker, curritr, butcher, or of any other arti fitet utog of oxerosing the cutting or working of leather, upon pabrtofoffcir andlofc £11 and every such hide and hides.'jkitx antfcfkins^so by them, or any ofhheni, wrought dr tanned during rtwtime* that he shall use of exercise the myflfery, trade, or

croiftdf unttfogj Of the just vahie thereof, and the further sum ofafty poorsds of lawful money of otearbritain', and that fb tpuoh the aforesaid aa of the first year of the reigo of King t^fmsfalle Phh as is recited and re ehaaed in the before mentiondd'»4k<rf the' ninth year of the reign of her' late majesty Qstutti dines (halt be construed and taken to be, 'and is hereby dseforetmo^nalreand eictend to all and every art of the said uintaf kingdom of Great tlritafn, in as fult and ample manner forth, and efsea, to awinreritspnd purposes, (except such part thereof os hm b<*rv altered, by any Is or Statute ftnee that, tone made and note, in force), as if the said aa of the first year of the rein of king'^fam; five Fkft, and every cliuse, matter,

gad

Moo «qum0^oma(gsofiotl lilo. fijrf

Wi <hifig'4h^ifr«&wainedf': vatta<twete llknin agd* p*ftw Itrly repeated: m.d. re enacted; and that^all provasa, Hbaillki L*and ah otheb chief officer of b*rgln, aiidbadlimof, rajujt«

and aether tread officers for thp time beings in ta fotwal doe burghs, andmarket towns, in that paitf of the foad suited hing dot of Great Britain called &tt{a»d, ad tiltanhenjumish shoemakers, and other artificers, andah ahdenery other pda and person whatsocopr* who are or ought coe be ednccaud i she execution of the said datute, ot giee obedience thereno ihah, unddr such nmn*, peoakma, and ferfeitute»*: t»*tt dim in federally expre&d, duly execute, obtesve, and <oespb»it( the said Statute; and alt the dauses, nutters, and thinfttmw contained, hi relation to thetanning, dressing, making, baying, 'telling, trying, foaling, registering, nr other matters chucersioi leather, (other than loch m hare been altered byatw.jsr«statote since that thtte made and now in fonee), a rally ati effectually, and with the same powers and aotbordies, to all is rents and purposes, as if the said provosts, baillies, and odar officers lad before mentioned, ond every of them, hi to particularly nitned and do&ribodm the said act of the fuftyor of the reign of his majesty King James, the First, fitrein bowt recited.: itjot;

Cap. XX

An all sir altering and amending an eb* thvttenurjm if

reign of his present Majesty's , inti fled, An a foreftontiig'warden and allay matters,; foe aflzying wtboght plat; in dc towns of Sheffield and f far at relates th fed

'lawn of Sheffield.'a, "\ws.

WHEREAS an ah sf parliament wot, made iniboiivltad

"Recital of s year oftbt rejfit.ff Geo. 3. C s. for appointing, warden yiuj a day maters, for a^aying iwo*t ..plaw in the towns of and Birmingham, tubfrth LI V

Jdytr ef wrought plait appesoted tr to >< thereof, within the said tmn of Sheffield, is authormedugui

1 end to demand and tote ef, and from whojbmkkxs

tathe ajfhy qfieebelongingta company of guardiefs^mdepudi - by ibejaid ah for the said t«p».«/sheffield, armpiete tefindff wrought phtee to be afayedtried, and marled,

money, orreutaedf, ehtbe atfajer fall think &,

Jim of one shilling for e pumfigdq fr

every greater or lefi quantity of plate offtytd, 0

as the said.prices, fuau ofmaney* aforesaid, are, inadequate attending; fa WPH M

marking offmaii pities of plate, and infyfittentjfedejrojfeuim farytupenttitf the ajfity ogue tjiablished in.tb^judifmglm. held; andit«\ntajfiry that gf wards, Jtould be autwtd to be taken, for affdjing, atufjparmtg jm

pieces of plate: may it therefore; pfoafe your Majenythat#«1 U caacfodi and beitcaa&ed by jho kiogv

aona-vk^irtq^aato x5*ojtoq hlc, stp nnjesty, byandwitfctbeachrich andconsentof theiords spirj qal' and temporal, and commons, in this'pwknt parliament t fie tabled, and by. thdautboptyof the/adw, That rt shall be Price allowed awful (bribe atioyer of wrbnght plate appointed or be ap 'V pointed by: virtue of the bud aft, within the said town of sad

Grh&, io alki demand, take, and receive, of and from all and sveryperfbn and persons. who shall from time to time bring jo wroogfat thets&y office within the said town joishejfield, aftyitnau pieces pi'wrought plate to be afikyed, tried, and marked, according to She due&ions of xbe bid recited act, such prices, sums Of moneys or rewards, at the company of guardians of the said assay offipe shall think fit, and.(bail from.time to time, at afiy of ebeif meetings ascertain and order to be taken and received so as such prices, sums of money, or rewards, 'do not exceed,

the rate of sixpence for the assaying, trying, and marking, any ime dozen of such Anall pieces of wrought plate such dozen not exceeding in weight six ounces tray; and that the pricey loon of money, or rewards, allowed to be taken by the said ecited, or this present act, ffiau be paid, and applied in and,

towards the support of the said assay office, and towards payment of any debt or debts already or hereafter to be incurred on account thereof, and of the expenses of obtaining and pa (Hog this present act, in such manner as the said company of guardians shall order and direct i anything in the said recited act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

il. fipd whereas it is by the said recited act mallei, That if any

working fihersmith, or dealerm wrought plate, or any worker or

deakrximauy other jnotal plattdor mured withfiber, or

lause to be strutk, any letter or letters, upon anyvtjfel or other, mado of metal, plated or towered withsilver, or upon any metal

jet, ofothtr thing, made to look like silver, such perfim or perjdets so offiti&ng shall be fitbjcb to the penalty therein mentioned; and doubts

bathe' httftn whether a mamtfalhtrer of goods plated with silver tan or mayfirike his name upon juth goods, without marring the said finally, j and by rtafon offitch doubts tbtmanufacturm of goods plated itrstbfihtfr hove been deterred from firfking their names upon floled goods, whereby C proper difiinltion befithxt plated goods ofi the iffibknfmdiiufafturers is prevented, and alt emulation in that braeteb tf bt/finefi it defircyti; to the certain and manifest prejudice of the faifcmanvpibtryfot obviating such doubts, be it further enodt edhy the abthority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Manufafhir inhiaftfturer bf godds plated With silver within the said town ert of plated 6f Sbrfjktdi; or within one hundred miles thereof, toltrike, or god may tadfe to Hev (track, upon any metal vessel or thing, dated or* cov&tef with fibre, his or her surname, or, in cafooif any part there t,tfurname or firm of such partneiship, and also same mark, on the 'shirk, fijjurf, or device, to be (truck at the end of such fur good, with hath', ', othei1 name of firm; Aich mark, figure, or device, "* hot hemgjtbe same, or in imitation Of any markyt made afe of the jjy by any fiby office established by law for affixing of wrought Geo. 3. pwe, ^without being Aibjeft to any penalty of forfeiture for so

doing!

<- a -; - on ?/yuv onra [.;

Anno vicesimo qasreoqztftoti'.iu. cz ati^t^ jjoing; arty thing in thr^aft t

Sum to be, IU. ffcfoided nevertheless, That eery i legible eb*. name, or firm, as afflrefsid, fhalfl^ in pfem1 iftfll&mew a »"<* and 'strudc with one pun^fronly; and er^nraftii as figure, of device, (haff, b'e^ire the fatne II mideuwdf.bidi ppiwo^ (nitte<j| tcf^he examination of the said companyorgdirdtia^ rtgi. thp (&&'sbijfuld assay office and be approved of> % ytfic»<

Some 6f their public meetings, and repftetfed hi a Woky tos cept for that purpose} for which registry thssfc'shall behatifl demanded and taken, ' from" ariy manofaftar^ rfawd^ on whose account such registry ftiafl be made, thvfbltt'eft* Shillings and sixpence, and ho morel -

IV. And be it further enacted rand-deetarw, f any manufacturer or manufacturers"of ptated'gbdfls'iiitmfi f nof* °'ftte? 6wt6wn of sbtmeld, or within ore hundred tfc* tftwd or begging*shall at any time hereafter ftfike any dime, intwki'ficatt^orcj

- vice, upon his plated goods, which shift'hbth'aee'tiwn pi

viouflyvegiftered at the said aftay office fcfr' thit9i^to*ni &b*ffitldy or which shall have been previous regifiwcd'iftl* (aia office by any other roartiifriifhjrifr of plateifglfdlfcj'^ person' so offending shall, 'for every ftrch offferrfc} forfeit pay, to the said waidens, the sum 'df'ohd httfdrtidftoilfcm be recovered Irt like manner is' 'any petiahy dr the said recited a, authorised or to be applied as any othev money iif heftinmstfor^<lfiri^<(!5 be applied.*'» lew iuoi vhiso i i

V. And be it further enacted by That this t^dt'shall k deemed and taken (8 Wf p&nkt l#j and shall be judicially taken norhe hf^s1 fflehj^ilejw^ justices, and other persons whensoever, wrtlwbe fistoftbyfw*; fng the same.

*'*...OCW ivffi; V^1

C A f XXX

ant, ti titred at the office.

Mamxfaftur* en using i

to others, to be subject to a penalty.

Aibtiakafiv

An act for the prefeeyathn qtid encouragement of I, witkifi this re 9t V L

flinty ^britixh

witfifi this realms by sir eventing the exportation, IS

flinty j3ritish hare wodr and$ritifti eonty tv^ratii$$$$ cr untamed e[ritish coney Jkiniy and for trivehtin*

TV ct' '. 1 J. J J Y. VII

Freamblt*

skins f(om bun Jlained or jyedj and hair into this kingdom, duty frit' '

WHEREAS British bottoddbfitlflv

principal articles ufidifti hot tods

ore of th g+oiotb or ptodute dfunghrtdi ffa efew^f^other country in quality } by reason Itfcereof dttdtf tu lenee to tvhirh the hat manufactu^e barb been english bets have bad great preference abroad) andte^nokirft^ tbits of 'them have been herttojort eitpertei to fottgh wtfim

of late fetftral fcretin flatts have ^iwmryvrcr wtumywye iinii endy fnfead of taking from this tfogfo*! fbfmtfaf bovei been ttfei to do tb<y not only detain their own comm'

ubj

'8 4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21.

kereidfire 'bafflb'liit

0itqhfiwip'oifr joiij British hanskins,: and Britkh i British hare Wool, and british coney wool, which, by the preftnl v>s.e&t&kftalmxt'htyareatjibtrtj to da, on paying a trifling duty t the yixperta fieri thereof, whereby the bat manufqpure of this Hag

ntf^n'whiobthe jftipportof many Bfxuftijubjefts

iodl^jp materially, injured, and the

Vd aidjufpgrtefd: and whereas gi, or Turkey goats

also cm, atftieiemuch uftd ift the hat thamifaflur'i, great jthavr beret ofore been imported into this Which always

tid n duty of sixpence per pound, dr on importation,

directs opr rivals in the hat manufaburi ptrdrit the same to be im»tea into their respective countries duty free, by rtofoh whereof, only

try [mail Quantities of it have lately beds imported into this kingdom: r repaedy and prevention of those several evils, and to the irish that the hat manufatflureof thisyingdom may bepfefertfed nd encouraged, by prohibiting the exportation of uwbritish ate skins, and.bnfi# hare wool, and British coney wool, and II undressed or nntawed British coney skins, and by permitting Oats hair, or Turkey goats wool, to be imported into this coun y djuty fn}e) (hay it please your most excellent Majesty that it lay bcertaqed} and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords. spiru ual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no perfoij r. pyrfons whatnever) from and after the twentieth day of fugufii.in the year of our Lorjd one thousand feveri Hundred ind eighty-four, hall directly or indirectly export, transport) bi^piuircarry or corvv^, or cause pr procure, to be exported, rtsfpqtied, shipped off) Carried or conveyed) eat of or from he kingddm of great.britain, into any foreign realm, (laths, or iotniniens, or into: any parts or places whatsoever beyond the eas, arfy British hare skins, or parts or pieces of any such skins; )t British hare wodl, or British coney wool, or any undressed or intawed British coney skins, or parts or pieees of any such skins whariqeyer; or (hell directly or indirectly load, or.cauie to be Cadet' upon, any horse, Cart, or other cattle Pr carriage, 'dr jay oh board, or cause to be loaden or laid on boardj of brfhany flup, teifel, or boat, ih any place or ports within or belonging. to this realm, any British hare skins, or parts or pieces thereof, or any British hare wool, or British cortey wpol) sr any undressed ot untawed British coney skins, dr any parts or pitc£s'af any fifth Ados, to the intent'or purpose to'export transport, ship off, parry of convey the same, or cause the/apift to be exported) ttansported, shipped off, carried or conveyed aot of she kingdom of Great Britain, or out of any port or pktee beiodgifig thereto, 'or with intent or purpose that any person orpwfons whatsoever (hold (o export, transport, ship off, catty or convey the same out of the (kid kingdom, or into ahyfereigpparts or places whatsoever.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That H w >* -

4«

C i

i

>1

From aug.to, 1784? no per lost shall export any British hare ficirit, bare wool, qc coney wol, 'or undressed coney skins.

or load any horse or cart, 5rc. therewith, in order to export the same.

Anno v&fimoquirtogfidiwii lit.

Penalty ort and, every the offender and offenders, offence and offences atom

the aforesaid (kali bo fobj cot andliabfeto the refjx^v^patos'apife

najtiea and forfeitures heteia afrer nqmrioned; (rhatt»x»> 6yj| the said British Yivft. skins, of ny part or pieces of flarsvi Aiits, and briti/thare wool, and British coney wob^arts an tireffed or untawed British coney skins, or any parts, ocpies Of any such skins so exported, transported, fhjpped<»ffi yr cff. ried, conveyed, or loadea, contrary to the true intdit ol

(leaning of this act, shall be forfeited, and the same, shall a4 may be feixed and prosecuted by any officer and oftksrt of hi hl^jesty's customs, and the owner or proprietor, (hipp&, or exporter, oif faaqfi goods, shall, for each and every offence, 'forftii five hundred pounds { pad every matter and niafiner of &cft ship, vessel, or boat, on which (itch goods, shall be ladetvaid every person whatsoever, knowing such offence, and wiljinglf aiding and assisting the rein, shall, for each and every ofieaa,

V forfeit and pay forty poands.

III Andi tnafmmh d Aprtvijuw mad sir

tutim if that ajenftid Brit i(h bare bias and firitifo t*ne$ flam ft that bat Mtmfafiory may be and in a gttatuufmi m

dfred intffeilual, by that flaming or dying offiuhjkim; for prevention whereof, be it further, enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever, from and after the hid twentieth day of Angufi % one thousand seven hundred and.ciglur four, shall dtrodtly or indirectly (lain or dye, or eanse, procure, suffer, or permit, to be stained o dyed, l^eikiju,

pr parts or pieces of any such skins, apy or part, or pieces of any such skins whatsoever, rwithwtbi^iaf* dom of Great Britain, on forfeiture thereof, together with le and every the machines or other utensils iie

aforesaid skins, or parts or pieces of skins, fl\a3l j$npl or dyed, together with all the apparatus to then a belonging, to be seized and prosecutedas hereia bifbr#' dirtd ed and that every of the offender and offenders tlfertin, 1hd all and every person and persons.whomsoever jyding, ai&a^t sag therein, shall forfeit and pay, for every oesueb, thefex. of twenty pounds. -

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authorityifort said. That the several penalties and forfeitures herein before in aided, shall be one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc

covered jmd* ce^or> ad soother moiety to suchoffwfceoroffem«f.tl>f applied. customs who shall sue a raj prosecute for the ftmfcy.ind(w and may be recovered in the same madder, rules and regulations, as other penalties, recovered

by any at or ate of parliament for pteventiagnfoud! in his majesty's revenue of the customs::

V. And be it further enacted by the authority a&tfai!, limitation of That if any action, bill, plaint, salt, or information, (halite vdtions. commenced or prosecuted against any perfoa for what he liti

do in pursuance of this act, such. action, bill, plaint, soil, or information, shall bs brought and prosecuted in the county wbn»

till

From Ang. so, 17s4, no person shall italn or dye any Bntim hare skins or coney skins, on forfeiture. thereof, with the machines, C and alto mol.

Penalties and forfeitures

ajiw 23.

*ecadeofiadtion dofh arise artd not mnoy'other county of; V

lace j.and the porfen so filed shall and rauy file common haili [ 'f, T

renter into a cotomonappearaoce, and plead the general issue Generitflffiifc

at goakyi a ndy upon iffite jotted may live ims ift And llirt

pecibl matter incwtttetwer An A if the plaintiff of prosecutof

hall jbecogw nonfiait, or fuflfer dilcofttinuance* or if«fehtns

hall.palkaga'mft him, or if upon demurrer judgement: pa£i

igainst him ythe defendant shall recover treble cost, and have Treble coftt.

he likai remedy for the sane»the defendant qt defendanci

batik orime in other cases by lawt '

sir tit htiur mturagmhhtof tit bat tnattufifforydf

tbnjtingdm, Jo tie intent that, goats hair, or Turkey »4

too? hereafter it imported into this county duty free, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and cvefy duty add After Aug, duties, of what nature os kind foeror, payable to hia Majesijr, t k0*1* his heart or successors, by any act pr as of parliament, for or "od W upon any goats hair, or Turkey goats wool, imported into the duty free kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the said twentieth day of august*one thousaodseven hundred and eighty-four shall scale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable

Cap. xxii.

An act for soamirtg firafcton Setter to dlfpoftof bit mnfettm, as now

o: -«. eahibtwd at foiceftar Heuse, by »* atchart*.

Sfe Mf. Cox's mufeura, and the Adelphi, in 177l. Sir' Alhtoti Lever 'fmpowered to dispose of his museum by lottery. Without being liable to atty 'pemity. 8bn* to be raised ndfc t exceed 37, 2001. end number of [ fidwt»v)6)0ce, To adwiife fixjh sale by Dec. 5, 1784, am) before he. felloe. any tickets, with an account of the piece composing the rou stum, in the London Gazette, To consist of one prize, to be determined by the lottery of 17s?, if it consistt Of jfi.ooct tickets or opwardt. If no iotkeily'i(i, r7fs'that mall consist of 3^000 tkkets, then by a'prirate lot ttrfi afrnr tebu »,ikl before March j, 17w, under the inspection iof the honourable Caines Barrington, Bamber Gascoigne junior esquire,

Tbbmas Stanley esquire, John Blackburn esquire, andiiiomas btitter worttrbayley inquire, or any three of them, and the first number to be the ftvtx* Upon filth sdrertiftmem, the property to rest in (be trofteet.

Sir Afltton Lever to take the profit till the sale. Power to vetaft new. psflcer. Publkkaa.,

- p C a p.' xxiir.

aaa&fcc further continuing for a limited time, na made In the

;, !)t!wi*y'^47cfr f be reign of his present Majesty, intituled, fut ad., for ©reventing certain instruments from being required from ltnps be iohgfnjrto the United States of America j and to gnre to his Majesty, ftic a limited time, certain powers for the better cahtying on trade ind > cenpmrccbetween the fabjeatof his Majesty's dcmtnioqsi tidihe inhabitants of the said United States, w Further continue April 5,

Anno victfiaio qiurtb Georgii III. C a 4. [»?8* CAP. XXIV

i/flt, ir printing to bi Majesty certain rates and duties ufa bricks and tiles made in Great Qritaia; and for laying addilim duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Most gracious Sovereign,

\kf ywr Majesty's most ddfifiil and loyal subjects, the T V commons, of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary suppl*i to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and V luntarily relbived to give and grant unto your Majesty the fe e

rates and duties and sums of money herein after mentioned;

and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be eni& ed \ and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty's,

by and with the advice and consent of the Idrds spiritttll and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affimbw. i^rocii Sept. t, and by the diithbrity of the same. That, from and after the fim $7*4, thefol day or September, one thousand (Sven hundred and eighty soar, ihalhx^ed t^ierc b rai levied, collected, and paid, throughout upon ill bricks re kingdom of Great Britain unto and for the use of his mi and tiles jesty, his heirs and successors, upon all bricks and tiles made roadein Great in Great Britain,payable and tosbe paid by the thaker oftm* thebc nufa<?urer thereof, the rates and duties herein after mentioned; maker there hat IS to say, of; videlicet.

For all bricks, For and upon all bricks, by whatsoever name or names Aej as. 6 d. per now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a duty of two 4, 0OO»* Shillings and sixpence for every thousand, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

plain riles, For and upon all tiles, commonly called of kndwn by the 3*. per 1000; name of Plain Tiles, a duty of three Shillings for every thouttod, and so irt proportion for any greater or less quantify:

Pan er ridge For and upon all tiles, commonly called or kno#o by the tiles, is. per name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, a duty of eight ftiilfirigt sot twrj 1,000* thousand, and foin proportion for any greater of less (stririjw:

Paving riles. For and upon ail tiles, commonly called or known by tw small, is. 6d, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, adwy per xoo; of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred, and foin pr portion for any greater or less quantity:

Pitto, large. For and upon all tiles, commonly called or krtofrri M 3s. per toi nante Of Paving Tiles, exceeding ten inches square a duff of three Shillings for every hundred, and foin prbpfeftkjfr'fist greater or less quantity: and all other Fo# and upefn all tilers, Other thait fdch Xs ate herdn bdott tiles, 3s. per enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or namdf mch, o u\nt now are or hereafter may be called or known,

three Shillings for every thousand, and so ill proportion foffff greater or Ids quantity,

n.anf

th

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all All brick

ftfffeaivtoly, and fhati not have been to the duties >urnt and finished injtlt6 kihi ot clamp Oii or before the said irft dav of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty burr mall, and are hereby declared to be subject 'arid liable to ^, fevera| ai^respective duties by.thfoa# granted X T?

for the bitter aftertaimug, chargings solle fling, raisiftg,

}e^i^t}na muring, the said rates or duties iy this vft imposed, andr br/etymw so therein, be imurther enacted by the authodty* a^rela^ xfhat the rates or duties by^his ai made. payable Duties to be and tiles, made or manufactured in England, Wales, finder the o^tigpn of Bfrurick upon Tweed, shall be und^r the receipt and ai?asement rn^qggcfppem of the of and officers of his mafofty's ^i^nenof? "n of excite in England for the time being; and the rates excise by this a made payable upon bricksand tiles in Scot

ifouj>e under the receipt and managemant of the com iqders of excise in Scotland for the time befog, if And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, y^from and after the said first day of September, one thou Brick or tilg 4eyeq hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and makers to; n^whatsoever, who (had make or manufacture any^bricks

\witbfo the kingdom of Great Bytyn, chargeable 'With bf^krir names laid duties by this act imposed, shall, before^hp, (he, or and places gf.

___^ shall begin to make or manufacture any such bricks or abode, C

tilers, gfoc or leave nqtice in writing at the offipe*of excifp next |*r<?re -

tck|^en]ape or places where such bricks or tiles are intended to*m m*be^in^pe, of their respective names and places of abode, and of.;

the iheds, workhouses, or other place or places where such bricks, ortije^are intended to be made or prepared for making; -

and often as such makers or manufacturers of bricks or tike.

(Kan change their places of making, manufacturing, and preparing bribes or tiles as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall give ortyyve^e ljke notice of their respective names and places of abode, and the (beds, workhouses, or other place or places*

he, she, or they, shall respectively intend to make, ma' % '.

prepare any such bricks or tiles as aforesaid, be V fcte. they do presume to make, manufacture, or prepare, any.

such briclcs or tiles, as aforesaid, in any such new or other: pfofc or places,: upon pain to forfeit the sum of one hundred on forfeiture p9^rva$j. for every neglect or default in not giving such notice f fl.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority afohqjsaid^bricks and th all, brfoks or tiles diargf able with the said duties by yhis tile^aajje, w!»vuejl fltafl be, from tiqae to time, taken an account ^rch*j$e?^gei, with tkc said duties by the proper officer of excise, tovifks proles shall be in operation of dryfogtofidryl^ and; emng In the field, (head, of other plapvjoy.pjpcgs wbcf*;b$before remor fitme shall be made or prepared, atterbeiag turned out of the ed tole LXXXIV LI*'moulds, ^-

Penalty on obstructing officers.

Ten in every hundred to be allowed for waste, See.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24.

[17x4

moulds, and before removed to the kiln or clamp for burning; and if any maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles, or his, her, or their workmen, or other person or persons, shall mould, hinder, or obstruct, such officer of excise, in taking an account of the number, kind, and qualities, of Rich bricks or tiles, in that or any other (tage of the operation of preparing, making, or fini filing such bricks or tiles, he, she, or they shall, forever; such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every officer and officers of excise shall, and they are hereby required, in charging the duties upon bricks and tiles as aforesaid, to allow to the respective makers or manufacturers thereof, in their returns or reports of the several quantities of bricks or tiles, made by such respective makers or manufacturers thereof, ten bricks or tiles in every hundred of such bricks or tiles respectively, which such officer or officers shall charge upon the respective makers or manufacturers thereof, when charged in the field, (head, or other place, before burnt; which said allowance is hereby declared to be a full compensation for all wade, Losses, or damages whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Makers who That if any person or persons who shall make any bricks or dies shall remove chargeable with the said duties by this acfc imposed, shall re

t^the kiln move carry or send away or case ot suffer to be removed, before the carried, or sent away any bricks or tiles, to the kiln, clamp,

officer has or other place for burning, from or out of the field, (head, or

charged the other place where they shall be first put or placed to dry or f urfc, t, th aumirc*cn* ater bein turn out f the mould, and before the same, and also prop officer of excise shall have taken an account thereof, and 50 l1 charged the duties thereupon, he, she, or they, shall forfeit the

sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the possession of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the seizer or informer.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no j)crfon or peffons who are or shall be makers of bricks or tiles shall be

to!take an ac ^ubje<^ to penalty or forfeiture above Imposed for removing count thereof bricks or tiles, if the proper officer of excise shall fail to tike in account thereof, on due notice given him for that purpose three days before such removal.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons making any bnefa or tiles as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep Rich and so

veyed, See. by of the said bricks and these as shall not have be&fftrveyri e proper ot apf{j account of by the proper officers id that bemt

separate and apart from all other bricks rand tiles which M have been fur veyed and taken an account of by such, officort,

pain

except where the officer

Bricks and tiles not fur yed, Sec. i proper ficer, to be kept separate from othere.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 4^7

ain to forfeit, for every neglect or default therein, the stun of ifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said makers or manufacturers of bricks or penalty on ties shall fraudulently hide or 'conceal, or cause to be hid or concealing: oncea!ed, any bricks or tiles in any part of the operation of any bricks or preparing, making, or finishing the same, with intent to de rraud his Majesty of his just duties thereon by this act granted, deru> dehen, and in every such case, the party so offending shall for fraud his ma eit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and all uch bricks or tiles as shall be found so fraudulently hid or con: ealed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by any officer or officers of excise.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise shall, at all times, be officers may permitted to enter into the fields, (beds, and other places where enter the iny bricks or tiles shall be preparing or making, and take an fields, (heds, account of the kinds and qualities thereof, and shall thereof ^iworvilct make a report or return to the respective of of ex are m<1icing, rise, or such persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive and take an the same, leaving a true copy (if demanded) in writing of such account reports or charges, under his hand, with or for the said maker t^crco^ or manufacturer of bricks or tiles; and such report or return shall be a charge upon every such maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles respectively; and if the said officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report or charge at the time of taking such account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of forty Shillings to every such maker or manufacturer.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, one Makers, every thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every maker six weeks, to and makers of bricks or tiles, whereon a duty is chargeable by fer, the this act, shall, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in pjj0p^trh0^e» writing at the next office of excise, of all such bricks and tiles bricks and

as hive been by him, her, or them, fevei'ally made within every tiles made by such six weeks respectively; which entries shall contain the just themi and true kinds and quantities thereof, distinguishing the different sorts under the reversal and respective denominations aford said; and if such brickmaker or tilemaker be not the true owner rf such goods, or any of them, then and in every such case he, she, or they, in every such entry, shall specify the names and ^lacdl of abode of the persons who are the owners thereof* or for whose account they respectively do make the same, on pain: o forfeit, for every riegleft of such entry, the sum of fifty sounds; which entry shall be made upon the oath of the maker r makers thereof respectively, or of his, her, or their chief torkman employed, so the best of their knowledge or belief, jftless he, she, or they, be a known Quaker, and in such case He solemn affirmation of a known Quaker to the same effect shall be taken instead of futh oath $ and the oaths and affirma

LI 2 tions

Bat not obliged to go further than the next market town.

Duties to be paid every six weeks.

Persons ob structing officers

to forfeit 50l.

Bricks and tiles, implements, C LI able to the duties in ar rtar.

Bricks or tiles, for which she

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24; [1784.

tiens to verify such entries shall and maybe administered by the proper collector or supervisor of the district or division wit in which such brickmaker or tilemaker doh inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken for the same. Provided always That no. person, for the making of such entries, oaths or affirmations as are lad mentioned shall be obliged to go or send further than the city or market town where his or her bricks or tiles are made or the next city or market tovi to the place of making the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the person or persons who shall make such bricks or tiles respectively, as aforesaid shall, from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear of all the said duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such bricks or tiles as shall have been made by him her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein double the sum of thd same duties whereof tta payment shall be so neglected; and that no such person or persons, after such default in payment made, shall deliver or an away or cause to be delivered or carried away, any such bricks or tiles, until hebe, or they, have or hath paid and cleared off his, her, or their duties, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried away.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority ^fore&id, That if any maker or manufacturer or bricks or tiles, of his, her, or their servants or workmen, or any other person or ersons whatsoever, shall molest, obstruct, or hinder, any of the said officers in the execution of the powers or authorities given, by this adk, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thata! bricks and tiles, and the materials for making the same, and

'all tools, implements, and utensils used in or for making the same, in the custody of any such makers of bricks or tiles respectively as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of or in trull for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties io, arrear nd owing by such makers of bricks and tiles respectively, for any bricks or tiles made by him, her, or them or in his, her, or their fields, (beds, or places as aforesaid, and (frall.be aib subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fdch person or persons so making such bricks or tiles as aforesaid, fof any offence against this act relating to the duties on such bricks or tiles; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to.levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings as be done by this act, in relation to fuclr goods and ifriijgs, so case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful qvtntr of the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful 'to act for

i

y84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24.

489

ny person or persons who shall have actually paid his majesty's ties have beea

luties by this act payable for any quantity of bricks or tiles J

vhatsoever, and to and for any other person or persons who porc

hall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such quantity of bricks

r tiles from the said person or persons who atftually paid his

Majesty's duties for the same, to export such bricks or tiles to

ny parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandise, giving fuf

icient security, before the shipping thereof for exportation, that

he particular quantity of bricks or tiles which shall be intended

0 be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be Ship

>ed and exported, and that the same, or any part thereof, shall

; Oath relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain \ which security the customer or collector of the respec

ive port for such exportation is hereby directed and authorised

o take in his majesty's name, and to his use.

XVII. Provided always, That if after the shipping ny such Penalty on re iricks or tiles to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving or ten landing lering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allow jj^edtor nee or drawback herein after mentioned, the bricks or tiles f exportation, hipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be relanded in

ny part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such case,

ver and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied nd recovered to his majesty's use, all the bricks and tiles which shall be landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled. That any person or persons ex lersons who shall export any bricks or tiles to any parts beyond porting bricks he seas, shall or may make proof upon oath, (or upon affirm makin^a^h tien, being Quakers), that the duty on such bricks or tiles Jat the du lath been pdid or secured according to this a CL (which oath or ties have been ftirmation the collector who received the said duty is hereby Paid, C shall equired and empowered to administer); and thereupon the said:

: for the said duty upon bricks and tiles shall give to the collectorj uch person or persons, gratis, a certificate or certificates, excelling the kinds and quantities of such bricks or tiles, and the luties paid cr secured to be paid for the same, pursuant to this i; which certificate being produced to the customer or col which shall be eftor of the port where the said bricks or tiles shall be exported, delivered to tnd oath or affirmation as aforesaid being also made by the ex >orter before the said customer or collector of the port (who is exportation icreby also authorised and required to administer the same with )ut see or charge), that the bricks or tiles so exported are the ame mentioned in the said certificate; then the said customer who shall r collector of the port where such bricks or tiles shall be ex thereupon >orted, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, express^ ing the true quantity of the bricks or tiles so exported; which debenture, schenture being produced to the collector appointed to receive which will in, said duties on bricks and tiles in such county or place where title him to a he said bricks or tiles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the drawback, aid duty which shall have been received upon this a to the "

Krfons so exporting the same, or their agents; and if such col cor (fiall not have money in his hands to pay the same, tl; en

o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C 24 [1784.

the said respective of of excite are hereby required to pay the said debenture out of the duties upon brick and tales anting by this actor if the duty on such bricks or tile: (o exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the securities for the time.

XIX. And whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made htfert the first day oj June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fear

Per font serve by makers or manufacturers bricks or tiles, for serving other per ing bncka or, jon with bricks or tiles to be delivered in point of time after the Sept., tcf 784, first^September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance it is hereby enacted, That the persons serving such bricks or tiles after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contradb, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such bricks or tiles to the rice thereof, and shall be intituled, by virtue of this act, to be paid for the Tame accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties for

established by sutures, clauses, matters and things, which in and by an act* mace in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secood, raising and intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries recovering the and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance \ and duties therefore settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating t6 his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raiting, levying, collecting, mitigating cr recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby gamed, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made or prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and putin execution, in and for the managing, raiting, levying, collecting, mitigating, rccovgriqgg and paying the said duties hereby granted upon bricks and |tk& as fully and effectually as if all and every the said power, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters; and things, were particularly repeated in (his present act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tines, penalties, and forfeitures, irv relation to the said duties by this act imposed upon bricks and tiles made Of joianu fadlured in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be filed, (dft.toted, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and fft^feods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be rtgowf^dnorpu tigated by any law or laws of excise, or by adti&i plaint, or information, in any. of his majestyvcogrte at Westminster, or in the court of session, court of justiciary, or Court of exchequer in Scotlandi respectively, as atwtaid V sod that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and fqrteltuflc^not otherwise appointed by this act), shall be to his fvkycfiyj, hu heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same. its^thefol*

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authofln

lowing addi aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected*and jokv

o( contracts previous to June t, may add (he duties to the f rice thereof.

The powers

by granted, extended to this act.

Penalties and forfeitures ho to be recovered and applied.

X7^4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24; 491

to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for tional duties and upon the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, [°eb.e from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven tiov^pbricks hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this and tiles kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all curtoms, fub videlicet, 'fidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following 5 that is to say,

- For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are, or Bricks, is. 6d, hereafter may be known, the sum of two Shillings and sixpence per 1,000 s for every thousand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Plain tiles, 31. name of Plain Tibs, (except gaily tiles) the sum of three hil Per>000 i kngs for every thousand:

and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Pan tiles, 8 a. name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, the sum of eight Shillings for every per 1,000; thousand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Paving tile, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, the sum 1*of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred, containing five per 100'(core:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Ditto, large, name of Paving Tiles, above ten inches square, the sum of three 3»* per i Shillings for every like hundred:

And for and upon all tiles, other than such as are herein be and all other fore enumerated and described, by Whatsoever name or names t, lc8» 3 Per such tiles now are, or hereafter may be called or known (except,000# gaily tiles), the sum of three Shillings for every thousand, and inf those proportions for any greater or lets quantity.

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi Duties to be tional import or duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds i^ble to the per centum thereon, which were imposed by two several as of percents im parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of by 19 his majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties Geo. 3. c. 15; Upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the re and 11 Gco 3* spe&ve of of customs and excise in Great Britain. C 66'

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the Importation importation of such foreign bricks and tiles, mall be under the duties to be management and direction of the commissioners of his majesty's gement cuaomsin England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid of the com dowto m ready money, without any discount or deduction what missioners of soever, and shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the customs j same goods; and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised,

'levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, le and vied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and manner in the

L 1 4 purposes, former duties.

493 Annq vicrfpno quano g&prgiflii. C z.

[1784.

purposes, as if the severalclauses, powenydirefitons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating, there to, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the bodjruf this present adh

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Duties to be That all moneys arising by and in respect of the rates and dories paid into the hereby granted and imposed, (the necessary charges of rafting exchequer. and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at te jur, separate and apart from all other branches of the pnmick Application revenue and the said money io paid into the said receipt'd#ex thereof. chequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment or the fever a] annuities, and all such other charges and expenses axe are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this pre, session of parliament, intituled, In at tries,

sum of money by way of annuities, and lottery.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Defendants That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, may plead the moleded, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or_of«ny.clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person Otsjpersons shall and may plead the general issue, and give Jthe special matter in evidence for his or their defence t and if upon thetrial a verdtd fluff pase for the defendant or defendants, 'or if the plaintiffs or ptamriffc - shall become nonsuited, or disconttaue his, her, or their aan and have or actions, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble treble costs. cods awarded to him on them againfe such plaintiff or pktioti&

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india Company, and of the British possessions in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

FOR the better government and securitj of the fetrithrid P poffrilions of this kingdom in the Eojl Indies, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and withth?; advice and con fen; of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and comma, t' t.! u n this, present parliament assembled, and by the/apthqci^4f His Majesty the same. That it shall and may be lawful to apd for this king's empowered to majesty, his heirs and successors, by any comipiffipn tp bfl.ujhed under the great seal of Great Britain, to nominate jad.apgotfit culors to be such persons, not exceeding six in number, as his Maje: al of think fit, being of his majesty's most honourable; privy po«kti, for the affairs of whom one of his majesty's principal fegrctacipsuph date for of India t the June being, and the chancellor of theex^hequer. fertfie rhyme

being, shall be two, to be, and who shall accordingly missioners for the affairs of India.

VII. And be it further enacted by, the authority jafiupfeid,; .....' That

That any number, not less than three of the raid commission <rs9 shall form a board for executing the Several powers which, by this or any other aa, shall be vested in the of aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of state, and, in his absence, the said chancellor of the exchequer, and, in the absence of both of them, the senior of the said other commissioners, according to his rank in seniority of appointment, hall preside at, and be president of the said board; and that the said of shall have, and they are hereby invaded with the superintendance and control) over all the British territorial possessions in the East Indies, and over the affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in manner htrein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the members present at the said board shall at any time be equally divided in opinion, in respea to any matter depending before them, then, feud ist every such case, the then president of the said board shall have two voices, or the casting vote.

V. And be it furttar enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, at his and their will and pleasure, to revoke and determine the commrflion aforesaid, and from time to time to caofeany new commi (lion or commissions to be seated as aforesaid, for appointing any other perfect or persons, being of his Majestyh most honourable privy council, of whom, one of his mjyafty?s principal Secretaries of flare, and the chancellor of the exchequer, for the time being, shall always be two, to be of and members of the said board, when and fe often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think fit, so that the number of of therein to be named shall in po wife exceed the aforesaid number of six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said board shall be tfully authorised and empowered, from time to time, to superintend,

dirca, and control, all aas, operations, and concerns, which in anywise relate to the civil or military government or revenues of the British territorial possessiohs in the East Indies, in the manner herein aftef direacd.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of ftrttffof the time being shall nominate and appoint such fecre 'tetffes, clerks, and other officers, as shall be necessary to attend Upbir the said board, who shall be subject to difoiffion at the fpledfure of the said board; and that all proceedings whatsoever ^tobdihadbyor before the said board shall be entered in proper: books; and that the said secretaries, clerks, and other officers, (halt be paid such salaries as his Majesty shall, by warrant under hisfign manual, direa.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ittemmrs of the said board, before they shall proceed to aa in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to them^iven by this act, (fove only the power of administering the oath after 11 1 mentioned),

493

Three of whom (halt form aboard.

Who shall be president.

Powen of the

coroauffion

ers.

President to have the eating vote.

His Majesty may revoke the commission at pleasure, and appoint new commileon ers.

Government and revenues of the Britjfc terriforial possessions in India, fabfeft to the control of the board.

Secretaries, C to atten4 the board, bow to be appointed and paid.

Members of the board to be ffrora.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

mentioned), shall severally take and subscribe the following oath; (that is to say);

Theoaib. T A.B. do faithfully promise and swear Thati as a commisswmr X or member of the board for the affairs of India, / will gtve my best advice and ajmance for the good government of the British pajfef fions in the East Indies; and will execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me according to the best of my skill and judgement without favour or affcflion % prejudice or malice, to any person uaat soever.

Secretaries,

Ac. to be sworn.

Which said oath any two of the members of the said board gull, and are hereby empowered to administer; and the said oath shall be entered by the said secretary amongst the adfe of the board, and be duly subscribed and attested by the members thereof, at the time of their taking and administering the lame to each other respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several secretaries, clerks, and other officers of the said board, shall also take and subscribe, before the said board, such oath of secrecy and office as the said board shall direct.

X Judy for avoiding any doubt which may aris r, whether the office or place of a commifjmer of the said board for the affairs of India, or of a secretary to the said board be within any of the provisions contained in an act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, m tituud* An act for the security other majesty's person and government, and of the succession of the crown of Great Britain in the Protestant line; or whether the appointment of any futh cm missioner or secretary, being a member or members of the house of cm monsy shall vacate his or their seat or seats in that house \ it further enacted and declared, That the said respective offices,

- places, or appointments of a commissioner, or of the chief fc

the said board for the affairs of India to be made un ry^dilgualitil der the authority of this act, shall not be deemed or taken to ed from being be within the intent or purview of the said act of ihc forth year elected memos Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any such oomoni/fioner or chief secretary from being elected, or sitting or voting as a member of the house of commons; nor shall the appointment of any such commissioner or chief secretary, if a member or members of the said house, vacate his or their seat or seats in the said house; anything contained in the said act of the&cth year of Queen Anne, or in any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XJ. Andy to the intent that the said board may be duly infmaud of all transafliens of the said company, in rtfpefl to the management their concerns in the East Indies, be it further enacted, That forni^edwith members of the said board shall, at all convenient times,

copies of, any have access to all papers and muniments of the said united corn papers be pany, and shall be furnished with such extracts or copies thorc

inde as l^cy tom t*mc to dmc require; and that the court

pany.c01*of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby

6, Annae, C 7.

Neither the commission

bers of parliament

Members of the board to have access to, and to be

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. ^95

by required and directed, to deliver to the said board copies of Court of di au minutes, orders, resolutions, and other proceedings, of all fears to dc general and special courts of proprietors of the said company, board copies and of the said court of directors, so far as relate to the civil or of all minutes, military government or revenues of the British territorial poflef cof court Cons in the East India, within eight days after the holding of °* pr°pris such respective courts; and also copies of all dispatches which r^ortas re the said directors, or any committee of the said directors, shall ute to the receive from any of their servants in the East Indies, immediately government after the arrival thereof; and also copies of all letters, orders, r revenue and instructions whatsoever, relating to the civil or military go todafpoffi?^ vernment or revenues of the British territorial possessions in the fion, C East Indies, proposed to be sent or dispatched, by the said court of directors, or any committee of the said directors, to any of the servants of the said company in the East Indies; and that and (init obey the said court of directors of the said united company shall, and all orders re they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and shall be board ?e governed and bound by, such orders and directions as they shall jadve°there7o. from time to time receive from the said board, touching the civil or military government and revenues of the British territo rial possessions in the East Indies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, within fourteen days Copies of let after the receipt of such copies laa*mentioned, the said board ters, &o.tobe shall return the same to the said court of directors, with their rjfu?, e<lto approbation thereof, subscribed by three of the members of the said board, or their reasons at large for disapproving the same, together with instructions from the said board to the said court of directors in respect thereto 5 and that the said court of directors shall thereupon dispatch and send the letters, orders, and instructions, so approved or amended, to their servants in Indiat without further delay, unless, on any representation made by the said directors to the said board, the said board shall direct any alterations to be made in such letters, orders, or inductions; and no letters, orders, or inductions, until after such previous communication thereof to the said. shall at any time be sent or dispatched by the said court of directors to the East Indies, on any account or pretence whatsoever.

XI1JL And, for the readier dispateb of the civil and military concerns af the said united company, be it further enacted, That when clause reliever the court of directors of the said united company shall tive to sending neglect to transmit to the said board their intended dispatches dispatches to on anyftsbject, within fourteen days after requisition made, itin ia

shall and may be lawful to and for the said board to prepare and iend to the directors of the East India company (without waiting for the receipt of the copies of dispatches intended to be seat by jtta said court of directors as aforesaid) any orders or infhuctian* to any of the governments or presidencies aforesaid, concerning the civil or military government of the British territories and possessiont in the East Indies and the said directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit dispatches in the usual form (pursuant to the tenor of the said orders and infractions

496 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

tiens so transmitted to them) to the respective governments and presidencies in India, unless, on any representation made by the said directors to the said board, touching' such orders or infractions, the said board shall direct any alteration to be made in the same 5 which directions the said court of directors shall in such case be bound to conform to.

Court of direct on»on receiving orders from the board not connected with the government and revenues of the territorial possessions may appeal to his Majesty in council.

Matters requiring secrecy may be lent by the board to the secret committee who shall transmit their orders to India agreeable thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said board shall send any orders or instructions to the said court of directors, to be by them transmitted to India which, in the opinion of the said court of directors, shall relate to points not connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories and possessions in India then, and in any fuel case, it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply, by petition, to his Majesty in council, touching such orders and mftructions; and his Majesty in council shall decide whether the same be, or be not, connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories, and possessions in India; which decision shall be final and conclusive.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Taid board shall be of opinion that the subject matter of arty, of their deliberations, concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or dates in India, shall require secrecy, it shall and may be lawful for the said board to send secret orderi and k instrudhons to the secret committee of the said court of tfirec tflls for the time being, who shall thereupon, without difc1o£ ing the same, transmit their orders and dispatches in the usual form, according to the tenor of the said orders and instructions of the said board, to the respective governments and presidencies m'india; and that the said governments and presidendes shall pay a faithful obedience to such orders and dispatches, and shall return their answers to the same, sealed (under cover) with their respddlive seals, to the said secret committee who shall forthwith communicate such answers to the said board

Directors to appoint a fe ertt commit t€c*

who are to transmit to the governments in India du

fdicates of uch secret orders sent them from the board, C

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ft shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint a secret committee, to conlift of any number of the said directors for the time being, not exceeding three; which secret committee shall, from time to time, upon the receipt of any such secret orderi* and instructions concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or states of India, from the said of for the afftiht of India, as are herein before mentioned, transmit to the rdjfeq ^, tive governments and presidencies in India a dapkcate* of duplicates of such orders and instructions, together with orders' in writing, signed by them the merribers of the said secret committee, to carry the same into execution; and 10 ah such orders and instructions, so transmitted, the several governments' avkf presidencies in India are hereby required to pay the same obedience

497

dience as if such orders and directions had been issued and transmitted by the court of directors of the said united company,

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared The board by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained not to appoint shall extend to give unto the said board, the power of nominat a"v ^rvant* ing or appointing any of the servants of the said united com coni" pany; anything herein contained to the contrary nfttwith P ny (landing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the of The first va fice of any one of the counsellors of the presidency of Fort cancy of a william in Bengal (other than the commander in chief) shall be ^jwslia* come vacant, by fieath, removal, or resignation, the vacancy so jhau* not be happening shall not be supplied by the said court of directors, supplied by but the said supreme government shall from thenceforward tonne the court of fist of a governor-general and three supreme counsellors only; directors. and that the commander in chief of the company's forces in

India for the time being, shall have voice and precedence in council next after the said governor-general; anything in any former act of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the government of clause relative

the several presidencies and settlements of Fort Saint George and to thegovern bombay shall, after the commencement of this a, consist of a went of Fort governor or president, and three counsellors only, of whom the av.

commander in chief in the said several settlements for the time,

being shall be one, having the like precedence in council as in the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, unless the commander in chief of the company's force in Julia shall happen to be present in either of the said settlements; and in such case the said commander in chief shall be one of the said counsellors, in (lead of the commander in chief of such settlement; and that the said cortunander in chief of such settlement shall during such time have ortly a seat, but no voice in the said council.

XX. And be it further enacted, the court of dirctors Court of dl of the said united company shall, within the space of one cajen* rectors to ap dar month next after the passing of this a, nominate and ap, or an/two^ point, from amongst the servants of the said company in India, counsellors of of any other periods, a fit and proper person to be the gover Fort St. nor of the said pre/idency or settlement of Fort Saint George, George; and two other; sit and proper persons from amongst the said ferr

vants in indi<?9 Who, together with the commander in chief at Fort Saint George for the time being, shall be the council of th famo.jpitgdency or settlement; and )that the said court of and a govern dire^ors fliajffalso, in like mannpr* and within the time afore or, cof salt, 7 hpplhat^ and appoint fit and, proper perftpns to be the governor and council of, the said f presidency or settlement of Bombay, under t he fa ore rest uqiops. as. are, ^reiurbefore provided, in respect^tovthe governor or presidenii of Fort

sajhigeorgi

1 gjm.g

it.'

49$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

Governor ge

XXI. And be it further ettacted, That m case the members neral. C to present at any of the boards or councils of Fort William Sort have the cast Stint George, or Bombay, shall at any time be equally divided hi ing vote, opinion in respect to any matter depending before them, then j and in every such case the said governor-general, or the gover j nor or president, as the case may be, shall have two voices, or the carting vote.

His Majesty, xxif. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be by w.iting lawful to and for the King's majesty, his heirs and successors^ under hisfign by any writing or instrument under his or their sign manual, ^reaor^by6 countersigned by the said secretary of (late, or for the court of writing under directors of the said united company for the time being, by their ban is, writing under their hands, to remove or recall the present or may recall any any future governor-general of Fort William at Bengal, or any nerahotofher the members of the council of Fort William aforesaid, or any officer, from of the governors or presidents, and members of the councils, India. of the presidencies or settlements of Fort Saint George and for

bay, or of any other British settlements in India or any other person or persons holding any office, employment, or commission, civil or military j under the said united company in India for the time being; and to vacate and make void all nd every or any appointment or appointments of any person or persons to any of the offices or places aforesaid; that all and every the powers and authorities of the respective persons so removed or recalied, or whose appointment shall be so vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective time or times as in the said writing or writings shall be expressed and directed: provided always, That a duplicate or copy of every such writing or instrument, under his majesty's sign manual, attested by the said secretary of state for the time being, shall, within eight days after the same shall be signed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, be transmitted or delivered, by the said secretary of state, unto the chairman or deputy chairman for the time being of the said united company, to the intent that the court of directors of the said company may be apprized thereof.

How vacancies

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any va

of offices in In cancy or vacancies of the office of governor-general or president, dia shall be or Of any member of the council, shall happen in any of the supplied. presidencies aforesaid, either by death, resignadon, or recall, as aforesaid, then and in such case the court of directors of tfee said united company shall proceed to nominate and appoint a fit person or persons to supply such vacancy or vacancies fawft amongst their covenacted servants in India, except to the office of governor-general, or the office of governor or presidenrof Fort Saint George or Bombay or of any commander ihchies, to which several offices the find court of director^ shall be at liberty, if they shaft think fit, to hottfirwte artd ippoint any other person or persons respectively.*' .....;

Commanders

XXIV. Provided always, and be* it fartherenadldd' That in chief not to the said commanders in chief, at each of the said prefiuehcres

- rdjpec

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.' 499

espectively, shall in no case succeed to the office of governor succeed o general or president of Fort tvtiliam, Fort Saint George, or of the office of 3ombay^on\zfs thereunto specially appointed by the court of direc g°vernor Sc ors of the said united company; but that in case of the vacancy fident at Fort frite said offices of governor-general or president respectively, William,when no person shall be specially appointed to succeed there unlessfpeci into, the counsellor next in rank to liich commander iri chief ally appointed Itall succeed to such office, and hold the same, until same ^rg#f e urec* there person shall be appointed thereunto by the said court of directors.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if directors when and so often as the court of directors shall not, within neglectofup he space of two calendar months, to be computed from the Pty

Jay whereon the notification of the vacancy shall have been re^reived by the said court of directors, proceed to supply the Tame, then^and in any such case; and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc reflors, to constitute and appoint, by writing under his or their royal sign manual, (under the same restrictions and regulations is are herein before provided, with respect to the nominations ind appointments made by the said court of directors,) such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (halt hink proper to succeed to and supply the respective office or place, offices or places, so vacant, or from which any person or persons shall be so recalled or removed, or whose appointment r appointments shall have beta vacated and made void as aforesaid; and that every person' or persons so constituted and ippointed, shall have and be inverted with the same powers, privileges, and authorities, as if he or they had been nominated m.d. appointed by the said court of directors, and shall be fub c6k to recall only by the king's majesty, his heirs ortucceflors; iny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pire&ors may' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directorspp°*ac en yf the said united company, if they shall so think fit, subject to jj th^offices* he like limitations and restrictions as are herein before enacted, of governor efpedting the persons qualified to be appointed members of the general or government of the respective settlements of the said united com president, fc. lany at Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, to ap qc0°g* or point, from time to time, fit and proper persons to succeed, in Bombay: -: of vacancy, to the several offices of governor-general or pre

ident of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or commander in Chief f the said company's forces at, any of the said settlements. member of any or the said councils; and such appointments espectively at their pleasure again to reyoke; but that no pery ron to appointed to succeed to any of the said offid&s, in cafq f vacancy, shall be entitled to any salary, advantkjj^&r allow ince whatsoever, by reason of stich appointment, urttit such persons ffcfpedhvely shall take upon themselves the offices to Which: hey shall so respectively have been appointed! '

XXVII. And be it further enacted by thfc autnbrfry foresaid,

SPO

Temporary

counsello?* bp to be appointed at

Fart William Ire.

Resignation of the office of

governor-general) Sec. to be in writing.

Order, cof the court of directors, approved by the board, not to he revoked by a general court.

Part of aft it Geo. 3. c. 65, repealed.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C 25.

hid. That when and so often as the number of any of the said councils of f$rt fvtuiam, Fbrt Saint onftp or Bombay, shall, by death, or absence, by reafbtr of lex ness or otherwise, for fourteen days be reduced to two, fatdud ing the governor-general or president of such council, the person Who shall stand senior in such provisional appointment is is herein before mentioned, or in case there shall be no foth p poimment, then the senior civil servant of the said catnpaay upon the (pot, shall be called to such council, and shall hare a voice therein in like manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the court of directors of the said company, atiffrab hold such office in case the vacancy shall have happened ty death, until a successor thereunto shall be appointed by the court of directors; or if such vacancy shall have happened absence or sickness, until the return or recovery of such sick or absent member; and that all persons so exercising the office of a counsellor at any of the said presidencies shall be imitleff^for the time he shall so hold the same, to the like advantages;: is if he had been thereunto permanently appointed by the uud court of directors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no refigriafibhtb

be made of the offices of the governor-general, or governor or president of any of the subordinate settlements, or commander m chies, or member of the respective councils of atiy of the said presidencies in India, shall be deemed or construed to be legal or valid, or shall be accepted as such, unless the same bf made by an instrument in writing under the hand of the officer or person resigning the same. X

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no order or refblu tien of any general court of the proprietors of the said united company shall be available to revoke or refeind, or in any respect to afsect, any act, order, resolution, matter, or proceeding of the said court of directors, by this act directed or authorisea to be made or done by the said court, after the same shall have been approved by the said board, in the manner herein before directed 5 any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such parts of an act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs the court of directors of the'fidd united company to deliver to the of of the treafqjy, or to the high treasurer for the time being, or to one of Fit majetl/s principal secretaries of (late, copies of any letters or orders relating to the management of the revenues, or the jrivil and military affairs of the said company; and alfp ahfiich powers and jmthorities given to or vested in the proprietors nd directors of, the said united company, or in any

fecial court: thereof respectively, in and by any act of parliament or charter, as are contrary or repi gnant to this tq^ or anything herein, contained, shall be, and the same are ki^eby fepealed; anything contained in any act or charter' or jmy custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And

Anno yrcefiqio quarto Georgii ih. C 25^; 5*5,

XXXI V And be it further enacted That the governor gene Governor ge' and council of Fori William afcrfcsaid shall have power and oeral and thority to (uperintend, controul, and direct the several preli council or neks and governments now or hereafter to be erected or efta sort Wiliam, fliedl to act Indies by the said united company, in all

points as relate to any traofadions with the country pow controul all or to war or peace, or to the application of the revenues or the other go ces of such presidencies and settlements in time of war, or yernrnenttbe y such other points as shall, from time to time, be specially [oaf any °^rerred by the court of directors of the said company to their, L 'iip perinteadance and controul.

XXXII. Andy in order to prevent the embarrassment and diffi directions re /> may arise from any quejih'ty whether the orders qr lativetbor russians of the governor-general and council of Fort William ^ers 1 'ate, to other points than those aforesaid, be it further enacted, wuii^itto hat notwithstanding any doubt which may be entertained by the other C said presidencies or settlements to whom such orders or in government udions shall be given, respecting the power of the governor neral and council to give such orders, yet the said presiden zs or settlements shall be bound to obey such orders and di <aions of the said governor-general and council in all case hateveij except only where they shall have received positive ders at^d instructions from the said court of directors, or pm the secret committee of the said court of directors, repug tnt to the orders and instructions of the said governor-general id council, and ilot known to the said governor-general and jujicil at the time of dispatching their orders and instruction?

aforesaid; and the said governor-general and council shall, the time of transmitcing all such order? and instructions, ansmit therewith the dates of, and the times of receiving, the ft dispatches, orders, and instructions which they have receiv i from the court of directors, or from the secret committee of, le said court of directors, on any of the points contained lerein: and the said presidencies and governments, in all cases heyre they have received any orders from the said court of di: dor, or from the secret committee of the said court of di(

?dors, as aforesaid, which they shall deem repugnant to the rders of the said governor-general and council of Fort william nd which were not known to the said governor-general and ouncil at the tfme of dispatching their orders and instructions

shall forthwith transmit copies of the same, toge, ter, with an account of all resolutions or orders made by them, t consequence. thereof, to the governor-general and council of % $rtjvmamy who shall, after the receipt of the same, dispatch tea fujrther orders and instructions to the said presidencies apdt ittlejnents as they may judge necessary thereupon.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor ge __________

eral, jjndt council of Fort william aforesaid, and the several (peeing the fefidents and councillors of Fort Saint George and Bombay shall, confederation i their several and respective boards and councils, proceed, in buhness at Fie first place, to the consideration of such qyeftions apd.bufi boards tess as shall be proposed by the said governor-general or prefi ludia.

Vol. XXXIV M m dent

V

'dir*£tforis re

governor-general, See. of Port William

D Anno jkxsimo quarto gpofcojl IH. C {ry?*

dents respectively; and when and so often as any nat&r or question shall be propounded at any of the said boards ft cils, by any of the counfehors thereof, it shall be to the said governor-general and oresidents respectively, io noft pone or adjourn the difeuflion of the matter or questum so propounded to a future day: provided always, That tut ftieft adjournment shall exceed forty-eight hours, nor shall the ynmet or question so proposed be adjourned more than twice, without the consent of the counsellor who originally propofttftfce lame.

XXXIV. And whereas, te pursue febemts of conqueji and edftr fion of dominion in India, are measures repugnant to the % taffrytbt honour, and policy of this nation; be it therefore further dudu by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful" forth governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid, without

not to declare the express command and authority of the said court of ttiftt war gainst tors, or of the secret committee of the said court of anurdin!left tors, an (CXCCP* wkerc hostilities havfe asuad/beea authorised by commenced, or preparations actually made for the commence the directors. ment of hostilities, against the British nation in India, or ngtoft (Exception) some of the princes or states dependant thereon, or whotc^r ritories the said united company shall be at such time engaged by any subsisting treaty to defend or guaranty) either to idem war or commence hostilities, or enter into any treaty for war, against any of the country princes or dates in any treaty for guarantying the poflfeflions of any cc^nwyjp^y» ces or states; and that in such case it shall not be lawfut l^t^e said governor-general and council to declare war or connritnehce hostilities, or enter into treaty for making war, ag^nff'aftt other prince or date than such as shall be actually" commitfing hostilities, or making preparations as aforesaid, or to mated fed& treaty for guarantying the possessions of ahy prince or stalk upon the consideration of such prince or state actually bigaging to assist the company against mch hostilities commeaced^ dr preparations made as aforesaid; and in all cases jj*

tilities shall be commenced or treaty made, the fam 'g^otiir general and council shall, by the most expeditious tncansttev can devise, communicate the same unto the said court' af tors, together with a full state of the information ahrf^s^bs gence upon which they shall have commenced such or made such treaties, and their motives and rcafohif^; Ae Arne at large.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it (statffl lawful for the governors or presidents, and coimfelfott Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subordinate.

- to make or issue any order for commen<s % ikj

lhatl issue any Hties, or levying war, or to negotiate or conclude "any L^or<*er wale Peace or other treaty w*lh any Indian prince or stat6 eis" " in cepr, n ca^es so^den emergency or imminent dalrfger, wvtti cases of emer it shall appear dangerous to postpone such hoftlj^es or gency) unless unless in pursuance of express orders froiri the said gc

governor nera* and counc!1 of Fort William aforesaid, or from thfc

No governor or president, cof any subordinate settlement

court

Anno quarto gfioftgir TIF. c. 25. J toj

\firi&m8y V from the secret committee of the said getieral, Sec. co^rt of directors j and every such rreaty shall, if possible, con of Fort will teln iclatye for fgbjefling. the same to the ratification of rejec liam» or f.hc tipi of the governor-general and council of Fort William afore ofdircc* ufo; ind the said presidents and counsellors of the said prefix jdeacj's and settlerfients of Fbrt Saint George and Bombay, or mhpr subordinate settlement, are hereby required to yield due cu^djence tp all such orders, as they shall from time to time respectively receive from the said governor generaf and council of Jfyrf William aforesaid, concerning the pircraifcs.

ax'xvl And be it further enacted, That all and fingblar Subordiitaf^ presidents and counsellors who shall wilfully refuse to presidents and obedience to such orders and instructions as they shall counsellors ttcpyc. fi-om the said governor-general and council of Fort dilobeying the as aforesaid, mall be liable to be suspended from the governor ^ercife of their respective offices or powers, by order of the general, C said governor-general and gooncil of Fort William \ and all maybeftif every of them are hereby further required, constantly Pended. a^dt.dillgerit^y, to traqfiriit to the said governor-general and They are to council of Fort William aforesaid, trufe and exact copies of all of Iiuat ^wfr^.r^solutions, and acts in council, of their respective go fnxoancil to yotitjieqts, orefi den cies, and councils, and also advice and in the said go jtejkgence^of all transactions and matters which shall come to wnorgenc* Jfveir knowledge, triatcrial to be communicated to the gover rale ii^general and council of Fort William aforesaid, or which the*ernor genecat ah^council shall from time to time require,

CVII. Ani whereas very large sums of money an claimed to

y british>te fythe nabob Arcot, in the recovery isljxpedunt jhat.fi --

- , A fitch affifiante be given them as

. i becqnmfn t with the rights of the said united the fc

(ujaty. of toecreditors, and the honour and dignity of the said nabob j

tfe jt enatfwf, fthat the court of dlreftors of the said company'chart of <! 35 fjjpri as may be, take into consideration the'drigin and reftorstotake ice.pft the said demands, as far 'as the materials they are in into consider jpf shall enable them to do and that they shall give

toih.p^ers to their presidericies and servants abroad for com British fub ^fe^pg the im edigation thereof, as the nature of the case shall jcas on though jmu^es_and for establishing, in concert with the said nabob, nabob of fl^&rfohd for the discharge of those debts 'which shall appear to Arcot due, according tp their respective claims of priority, as shall be confident with the rights of the said united company, \

Ae ferity of the creditors, and the honour and dignity of the'

v^xxxviii And, for settling upon a permanent foundation tfi Ptijfht indeterminate rights and pretenfums of the nabob of Arcoc rajah of Tanjore, with respect to each other, be it further ^fc&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the court of diresors and alfi> the said united company shall take into their immediate con difpuccsbe ijj&ratfbn the said indeterminate rights and pretensions, and, Will and pursue such measures as'in their judgement and difere rajah of Xanr jtipp shall be bed calculated to ascertain and settle the same, ac jore.

Mm cording

504 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

cording to the principles and they terms and stipulations Contained in the treaty of one thousand seven hundred and two, between the said nabob and the said^rajah.

XXXIX. And whereas complaints have prevailed, that diverse rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and aether native landholders within the British territories in India, have teen unjustly depri&r ed of, or compelled to abandon and relinquish, their respective la*as+ jurisdictions, rights, and privileges, or that the tributes, rents, and services required to be by them paid or performed for their respective pojpjftons to the said united company, are become grievous and oppressive: and whereas the principals of justice, and the honour of this country require that such complaints Should be forthwith inquired into and fully investigated, and if founded in truth effectually redreffid t Complaints of be it therefore enacted, That the court of directors of the said dart'*&cc u>n" un*te<* company shall, and they are hereby accordingly requir be^aken into forthwith to take the said matters into their serious confi consideration deration, and to adopt, take, and pursue such methods for en by thedirec quiring into the causes, foundation, and truth of the said com for plaints, and for obtaining a full and perfect knowledge of the same, and of all circumstances relating thereto, as the said epurt of directors shall think best adapted for that purpose; grievances re thereupon, according to the circumstances of the respective cases §reffed! " of the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, to give orders and instructions to the feye ral governments and presidencies in India, for effectually redressing, in such manner as shall be confident with justice and the laws and customs of the country, all injuries and wrongs which the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, may have sustained unjustly in the manner aforesaid, and for settling and establishing, upon principles of moderation and justice, according to the laws and constitution of India, the permanent rules by which their respective tributes, rents, and services, shall be in future rendered and paid to the said united company, by the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, XL And, to the end and intent that the British establifbmtnu its India, as well civil as military, may be regulated and improved, for the greater security of the jlate, the advantage of the service, and the benefit of the said united company; be it enacted by the authority All the com afore&id, That the directors of the east-india company shall pany'iefta take into their immediate consideration the respective eaabufh blishments, ments, civil and military, of their several presidencies and fct civil or mili tlements in India, and give such orders as the case will admit, tobeukenin or every practicable retrenchment and reduction in the same; to considers and shall also require, from the said settlements and presidcpcies tionbythe respectively, such farther information as may be necessary to directors, who fumish them with a knowledge of the (late of such eftahijfb practicablements> together with full, minute, accurate, and particular trenchrnentt*lists and accounts to be dated, of all the offices and employ and reducti ments on the civil establishment of the said united company in ons therein. India, and of all the forces within the several British settlements.

17$4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 505

m 'the pay or service of the faift united company in India, distinguishing the different bodies, nations, or people which com j>6fe the same, and the salaries and emoluments appertaining to am and every of the said offices and employments, and the pay affd emoluments of the commissior?ed and noncommissioned officers and private men in the army there, as well in peace as in war, together with the opinions of the respective governments and presidenctes, what method or system can be adopted, for the better regulation as well of the said offices and employments as of the said forces, for retrenching unnecessary expen y ces, and for introducing a just and laudable economy in every branch of the said civil and military departments: and the court of directors of the said united company shall, as soon as may be after the receipt of the said lists and accounts, take the same into their confederation, and thereupon, by their order, declare what offices, places, and employments, as well civil as military, will in their judgement be adequate to the support of the honour and dignity of this kingdom in the East Indies, and the safety, defence, and security of the British possessions there; and make and transmit to the said presidencies and settlements complete and perfetft lists of the said offices, places, and employments; and specify and direct the rate and quantum of the respective pay, salaries, and emoluments to be hereafter allowed in respea thereof by the said united company, as well in peace as in war: and the said court of directors shall, and they are A list of all hereby required, within fourteen days after the commencement offices, C

6f every session of parliament, to bring before the two houses of parliament a perfect list of all offices, places, and employ Ef'iffimenrs in ments, in the civil and military establishments of the said unit India, to be ed company in the east"indies, with the salaries or pay, and laid before the empluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said iw0'housel f company in respect thereof. pariamen.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That until the said several Restriaion* lists of the offices, places, and employments shall have been on the direc made and established as aforesaid, the said court of directors tort relative to shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from appointing or fe" vanfs to" sending to India any new servant, civil or military, under the India. dcgrecsof the respective counsellors and commanders in chies; and after such lists shall have been perfected and established, the said court of directors shall in no wise appoint or send out any greater number of persons to be cadets or writers, or in any other capacity, than will be actually necessary, in addition to the persons on the spot, to supply and keep up the proper compliment or number of officers and servants contained in the said lists, according to such returns of vacancies as the proper officers of the said company shall, from time to time, transmit from India to the said court of directors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Regulations commencement of this act, all promotions and advancements relative to of the officers and servants of the said united company in India,

AS well civil as military, in their respective lines or prpsessions, in india.

Mm?^under

o Anno viodima qtutto geo&gu

under the degreerof the respective

ersin chies, shall be^made according: to fcdiorilyof ajpp^nfe merit, in a regular progressive focceffioq, unless any gfth^ (ag governments and presidencies shall, on any very urgeru.^g^ fion, by a vote in council, see cause to'deviate froqj said "rule hereby directed to be observed; and on every occasion the said government or presidency shall cause aful^i perfect entry to, be made upon their minutes of con^tgtu specifying all the circumstances of the case, and their rc^tog* and inducements at large for making such deviation, (gnd transmit the same to the said court of directors, by this fir&opportunity that shall occur, for their order and direction, and that all nominations and appointments to be madp, repgg^ nant or contrary to the directions of this act, whether the faajf shall be made by the court of directors of the said united coq^r pany, or by any of the said governments or presidencies, (fare and except in cases of urgency as aforesaid)) be null and void. J

At what age

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and afitcr tj|ie o^cts may be passing of this act, no person shall be capable of a&igg, of tent to India, j^g appointed or sent out by the said court of dht^clpfa toj e*fl Indies in the capacity of a writer or cadet, whose a&e* be under fifteen years, or shall exceed the age^twopty^tw years; and that no person shall be capableof; being appointed or sent out in either of such capacities^hfe shall have procured and left with the secretary of: the ^)dl^f^|i*company, or of the said court of directors, a L '

age, under the hand of the minister of the parish in wgr1' was baptised, or keeper of tbt registry of the faipt^anj whdn no such registry shall cxi$ or^anbe found; ar of that fast shall be made bytheparty, with hj* infori and belief that his age is not Jess. than fifteen year a not exceed twenty-two years; and such affidavit i(ha)i<f^4. if the said court of directors shall so think be gef^pi^j^ left with the said secretary in the stead of fuph certificate^<grp vided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prefer the said court of directors from appointing any perfpg^ jpnt&dff* dets, who shall have actually been one wty>u year C

amenable to justice for all as done in India.

and whole age shall not exceed, twenty.fiye jearp^ y:

XLIV. And be it farther enacted, That allvh)s r*s

subjects, as well servants of the said united cpnip^uy ^s.jg^jngfs, shall be, and are hereby.declared to bea menace ip atj^ggts of justice (both in India and Gmt Briuun\ of cdfnj>$et\^?* diction to try offences committed in India for a: aftd, wrongs, opprefltoa9, trefaasses, mudemwiors; primes, fences whatsoever, by them or any of them, tope or done or committed, in any of the Ijtnds or territqrjfs p/anr native prince or state, or a£ain$ thfir person gr prope^ief^or

i ^.'D Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. cu. 507

he persons or properties of any of their fabjefts or people in*he same manner a if the same had been done or committed, within the territories directly subject to and tender the Bf itish jbrethment in India.

XLV. And be it further coaled. That the demanding or Receiving of eeeiying of any sum of money or other valuable thing, as a patents to be; ift of present, or under colour thereof, whether it be for the and

1 (e of the party receiving the same, or for, or pretended to be p^nialed u hr, the use of the said company, or of any other person, whom such. beaver, by any British subject holding or exercising any office r employment under his Majesty, or the said united company n th o£afi India, shall he deemed and taken to be extortion, ind shall be proceeded again A and punished as such, under and y virtue of this act; and tyre offender shall also forfeit to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, the whole gift or pre ent so received, or the full value (hereof.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Court may: he court or jurisdiction before whom every such offence (bau order presents oc tried, shall have full power and authority to directhe said t be retum resent or gift, or the value thereof, to be refforad to the party e*C who gave the same, 'or to order the whole, or any part thereof, yrof any fine which the court shall seton the offender, to he paid or given to the prosecutor or informer, as such court in its skferetion shall think fit.

xlvii. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Part of aft j aforesaid act of the thirteenth year of the King majesty's reign, Ge j C 6j. as (itbjefts any person receiving or accepting gifts or presents to repeakd. any penalty or forfeiture for so doing, or as directs that such gifts, presents, penalties, or forfeitures, shall belong to the said ntmpany, shall be repealed, from and after the first day of ja ruary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: provided that no prosecutions or other suits, already commenced, or to be commenced before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty«five, upon the said act, shall be affected by such repeal.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Councillors, herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pro physicians, (libit or prevent any person exercising the ptofession of counsel j^totedvrom lor at law, physician, or surgeon, or any chaplain, from ac taking toes: taking, or receiving rats, gratuities, or rewards, (bona fdrj, in the way of his profession only.

XLI X And be it further enacted, That the wilful disobey Disobeying ing, or the wilfully omitting to execute the orders or instructions the rdm of of the court of directors of the said united company, by any of, he "lreaors, the bfficers or forvants of the said united company in the India, (unlefe in cases of necessity, the burden of the proof of which necessity shall be of the party so disobeying or omitting to execute such orders and inftniftions as aforesaid), and every wilful breach of the trail and duty of any office or employment under the said united company, by any of the officers or serve uu of the feid united company in the East India, shall be

M ra deemed

or making any corrupt'bargain to obtain, C any office under the company in India, to be punished as a mi (demeanour.

Company's servants dif sniffed by any competent court, not to be restored, Uc.

Company's revenue officers (being British born subjects) to be (Worn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i. deemed and taken to be a misdemeanour it law and shall k proceeded against and punished as such by virtue of this aegtzr' L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the making or entering into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contra, for the giving up, or for obminhig, or in any other manner touching or concerning the trust anduiuty of any office or employment under the said unitedcompatoyin the East Indies, by any british subjects whomsoever there re (ident, shall be deemed and taken to be a mkdemeanor at law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted as such by virtue of this adh

LI. And be it further enacted, That after sentence or judgement of any court having competent jurisdifhon, whether in Great Britain or in India, against any of the said united company's servants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty doe or belonging to the said ynited company, or for any extortion or other misdemeartor, it shall not be lawful for the said united company, upon any pretence whatsoever, to rdeafe or compound such sentence or judgement, or to reftoreany servant or servants of the said company, who shall have been remofved or dismissed from his or their office or employment, fdroron account of misbehaviour, by the sentence of any of the said courts.

LII And, for the remedying of the abuses which have prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the said uni tod company, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person (being a British born subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, control, or receive the rents, duties, or revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to the said united company, shall, before Ire enters upon the collection and receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following oath; which oath the chief justice, or onfe of the ptufat judges or the supreme court of judicature zt* Bengal, or the mayor or other magistrate in any of the other preiidencks or settlements, shall, and is hereby authorised and commanded to administer; and such oath, so administered, shall be recorded in the supreme court at Calcutta, or in one of the said provincial or mayor's courts; (that is to say);

I A.B. do prrniji and swear, That I will, to the utmeft efm endeavours, well and faithfully execute and discharge the duties if an officer of revenue, repo fid in and committed to me by the united company of merchants ofbngland trading to the East Indie*; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, ' dire ft ly or indtreftly, by itiy self, or by any other person for my use or on my behalf, of or from any rajah, zemindar, talookdar, polygar, renter*ryot, or other person, paying or liable to pay any tribute, relit, or tax, to or for the use of the said united company, any sum of money, or other twluaue thing, ly way oj gift, present, or other wise, over and above or dr jides and except, the actual tribute, relit, or tax, authorised ta be taken by and for the use of the foetid united company; and thett I will

justly

X y84 l Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 5<)gt

hmftlyaebd truly account and answer for the same to the said united company -

help me GOD.

LILL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Governor ge lawful for the governor-general bf Fort William aforesaid for the neralof Fort time being, to i(tue his warrant under his hand and seal, direct jj|£p ed to such peace officers and other persons as he shall think fit, rant for secur fbrsecuring and detaining in custody any person or persons fuf inganvperson po % ed of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit cor suspected of refjpondence, dangerous to the peace or safety of the settlement, j^i^corref or of the British possessions in India % with any of the princes, poijdence, C rajahs, zemindars, or other person or persons whomsoever having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors, or presidents of any factories established in the East Indies by any European power, contrary to the rules and orders of the said company, or of the governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid; if, upon examination, taken upon oath, and maycoau in writing, of any person or persons (other than the person so mithim. secured and detained) before the governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable grounds for the charge, the said governor-general shall be, and is hereby authorised and empowered to commit such person or persons above deferrbed to safe custody, and shall within a reasonable time, not exceeding five days, cause to be delivered to him or them the charge or accusation on which he has or they have been committed; and the parry so confined shall be permitted to deliver in his defence in writing, together with a list of such witnessesas he shall desire to be examined in support of his de same, who shall be exairtined accordingly in his presence, and their examinations takerr down in writing; and if, not with If the party handing such defence, there shall appear to the said governor accused can general and council reasonable grounds for the former proceed jj?*ujpate ing, and for continuing the confinement, the party shall re shall remain main in custody until he or they shall be brought to trial in in custody till India, or sent to England for that purpose; and that all such trial, examinations and proceedings shall be transmitted to the said court of directors by the first dispatches; and in case such person or persons are to be sent to England, the said governor-general (hill, and he is hereby required to cause such person or persons to be sent by the first convenient opportunity unless such person or persons shall be disabled by illness from undertaking the voyage.

LV7. And be it further enacted, That the several preftden Presidenriet cits and governments of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall of Fort Saint have the like powers, and subject to the same regulations and restrictions, to secure and detain persons suspetfed of any such ff^ar illicit correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective prefi powers, dencies andfetrlements, as are hereby given to the said governor-general and council of Fort William.

LV. Andy for the better preventing, or more easily punishing, the

misconduq

io

Anno vioofinao tjuatei glte&tfh'ilft; g?s$c [

company's servantt, within two

exchequer, duplicates of an inventory of their real and personal estates at the time of their arrival i

nj

mifmdult of the servants if the/aid united etnppanfj hkjuyjt settlements or affairs of tie [aid company in India, fy i duf&dbyf their estates and property on their return to Great Britiinr; VI tt further enacted, That every person now seeing, br Wh6 hereafter be, in the fefvice of the said United company raw

mon{h. r<to fh*11* '"'thinih? fp*« tw calendar °*oa'^p*»z2^ morning to ing to Great Britain, deliver m upon oath, before the ij^a gnja Great Britain, baron of his majesty's court of exchequer in enhanjy yt inf to deliver in two of the other barons of the said court for the tttrie b "ta. fp^ive^y (which oath the said lord chief baron, aodot^gi relit of the rons, are hereby respectively authorised to administer); '

cates of ao exalt particular or inventory of all and imgrilaikthe lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, moneys, securities for money, and other real and perforutf et? and property whatsoever, as well in Europe as in Ma, or rffe where, which such person was foiled or possessed of, or Jptftled unto, at the time of his arrival in Great Britain, in his btfti

Sht, or which any person or persons was or were seized or posed of in trust for him, or to or for his ufc or benefit, art the time of his said arrival in Great Britain, or at any time after, specifying what part thereof was not acquired, or purchased by property acquired, in consequence of his residence in the Erf Indies: and if any of the real or personal estate of property of any such person mall have been conveyed, alienated, oversed, or otherwise disposed of, after his laid arrival in Great err tain, then such person shall also, in and by his laid particular or inventory, set forth an accurate description andfp£ciffcatian of all such parts of his said real or personal estate nd pfopqrty as shall have been so conveyed, transferred, or dtipbfod of^tni how, and in what manner, and to whom, and at what timet and for what price or consideration, the same (hah havebcdifo conveyed, alienated, transferred, or disposed of, tefpcqtvdy.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the lord chief bacto, or other barons of the said court of exchequer, to whom any such particular or inventory shall be delivered upon ootby in pursuance of this act, shall, as soon as conveniently am bt after the same shall have been received by him or them, dmvtr one of the said duplicates to the king's remembrancer of ffcc said court, to be by him filed and recorded in the ftidcouftf^as a public record; and the othev duplicate thereof to tfce tbair roan of the court of directors of the said united company ibrtlje time being, to be deposited and kept amongst the puoficfc ar

One of which duplicates to be delivered to the king's remembrancer, and kept as a public record; and the other to the chairman of the court of directors,

for the inlpcc chives and papers of the said united company, for the notation

of the proprietors. Complaints against such inventories may be made within three yean, and proceedings had thereon

tien and perusal of the members and proprietors of tshtwid united company: and in case any complaint shall, withinthirc years after the delivering of such particular or iny^ntatyibe made by the said board for the affairs of India, ot by the court of directors of the said united company, or by any tc$ pr more members or proprietors of the said company, whoso share or interest in the capital stock of the said united company shall amount conjunfliyely to ten thousand pounds at die least, by

memorial

fa] 1 anbovk^fifflo war geobgu m. C5. 511

aefnprifoqr petition to the said court of exchequer, or by the notion of cbqniel in the/aid cpur(, that apy such particular or nveatory ls untrue, evagve, uncertain, or insufficient, or that t doth not contain the whole account of the real and personal.

state sold property of the ^erfqn delivering the faipe; and it. northwest appear, to the httufadion of the ibid court of exchequer,

: itheroy inifo&ion of any such particular or inventory, or up in the affidavit of any credible person or persons, that there is 'easonable cause to fulpedt that any such particular or inventory loth not specify and disclose an account and description of the whole estate and, property, as well real as personal, of the person deuforing foe same, according to the true intent and mean: ng of this a&j then it shall apd may be lawful for the said: ouit of exchequer, by their order, to cause the person who shall have delivered in such particular or inventory, at such ime or times as the said court (hal for that purpose direct, to o before the king's remembrancer of the said court, or his leputy for the time being, and LX by him examined upon oath [which oath the said remembrancer, or his deputy, is hereby mpowered and required to adqiinifter) upon such interrogatories, touching and concerning the said real and personal estate tnd property of such person, or the disposal thereof, as the said: shall think meet and the aid court foall, if need be,

: aufo such person to be attached by the lherilf, by any process r warrant froip the said court, and kept in the safe custody of uch sheriff, or in such prison as the said epurt shall dire, until le shall have fully answered the said interrogatories, to the satis faiiton of the said court,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person, Person male this act required to deliver duplicates of such particular or ing default iu nventory as aforesaid, shall neglect to deliver the same within delivering he time herein before for that purpose limited, or shall not Ikk in^etuo uboqit to be examined, and fully answer any such interrogator nc, or ij> antes as aforesaid, or if it shall appear that he hath been guilty of (Wering inter lhy concealment or omission, or untrue specification of any past j08at°r*5*.tj )f his estate or property, real qr personal, by (his act directed hole elt'tes: o be set forth and specified in such particular or inventory, to both real and he amount or value of two thousand pounds, such person, on personal> >eing thereof convicted by due course of law, shall forfeit all lis lauds, tenements, and hereditaments, moneys, securities for noney, debts, goods, and chattels, and other his real and personal estate wjhatfoevei^ and wheresoever; one moiety whereof hatl belong to our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuc reitqrs, and the other moiety thereof shall belong to the said mated company (subject nevertheless to such allowance, to per' ons making any discovery thereof, as herein after is mentioned and shall and may be recovered by the king's Majesty, lis heirs or focceftors, or by the said company, by adtian of lebt, bill, plaipt, or information, wherein no eftoin, protec ion, or ytager of law, shall be allowed, nor more than one im jarlance qhd such person shall moreover suffer imprisonment.

5»2

Offender to be imprisoittd, and shall be Incapacitated.

Hot to extend to any person who shall arrive before Jap. i, 1787.

incafeoffick nest of any such person, within the said two months.

or at the time of his leaving India, a further time to be allowed.

Any person who, within force years after the delivery of any such inventory, shall make discovery, before a baron of the exchequer, of any estate or ef tests concealed, shall be ai'owed 10 percent, of the value thereof.

Lands, tenements, C forfeited by virtue of this act, to be (old by order of the court of exchequer.

- , / t t

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35. [1784.

for such time as the said court of exchequer shall tic their discretion think fit, without bail or mainprize; and Jftsriba shall be also incapable of serving the said united company in key capacity whatsoever. T [-

LVIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to compel aoyper son, who shall arrive from India in Great Britain on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred' and eiehty seven? to deliver any such particular or inventory as aforesaid.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the sickness of any such person or persons by this act are required, within two months after their respective arrival in Great Britain, to give in an inventory of their tefpec tive effects, it shall and may be lawful to and for any baron of the said court of exchequer, upon proof of such sickness made to his satisfaction, from time to time to grant such further time for giving in such inventory, as the said baron shall in his discretion think fit.

LX. And whereas it may happen, that persons engaged in trait in India, may by sickness be obliged to leave India so suddenly, as to put it out of their power so to settle their afftiri as to be able hf give in the inventory by this all repaired within two months after their arrival; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon proof of such fast, to the satisfaction of any baron of the court of exchequer, it shall and may be lawful for the said baron to grant such further time for delivering in such inventory, as the nature of the cases respectively shall to him appear to require.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That any person who (hab, within the space of three years next after the delivery of any such particular or inventory as aforesaid, voluntarily come before the said lord chief baron, or any one of the barons of the said court of exchequer, and make discovery upon oath, of any part of the estate or property, real or personal, of any person delivering such inventory, which shall have been concealed, and not therein or thereby, or in any subsequ^nt examination, specified, disclosed, or described, shall, upon conviction of the person who delivered such inventory, be allowed after the rate of ten pounds per centum, according to the value of the estate ot effects so discovered, wheresoever the same shall be, w Great Britain, or the British territorial po lie (lions in the ea/t/ndies; which allowance, ad valorem, shall be paid to such dtfcoveiief our of the net proceeds of such estate or effects which shall be discovered by his means as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, moneys, and other personal estate, of what kind or nature soevery which shall be forfeited and recovered, by virtue of this act, of and from any person or persons, by reason of his or their nqgteft or refusal to deliver any such particular or inventory as aforesaid,

1

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto geo5gti IIL C 25i £13

by the making of any imperfect or untrue difclofute and discovery of his estate and eflfe&s, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be sold and disposed of, by the order and authority of his majesty's said court of exchequer, and the moneys therefrom arising shall be paid and applied, under the order and authority of the aid court, to the use of the several persons entitled thereto, according to the drre&ions and true intent of this act.

lrxiil And be it further enacted, That no person or per no officer of fbns whatsoever, who shall have been appointed to any civil or the company military station, office, or capacity whatsoever, in the East In rcturniiiv^o dits by the foie appointment of the said united company, or this kingdom, who shall have been appointed to such station, office, or capa and residing city, in the service of the said united company, by his Majesty, n Europe for his heirs or successors, upon the said court of directors neglect rjnlers^itwe ing to make such appointment as aforesaid, shall be capable of account of being appointed to the same, or any other station, office, or ca his health), pacity, in the Edfl Indies, or to claim or exercise, or be capable cipa*

of daixping or exercising, any power, authority, or jurisdiction there, after he or they, having returned to this kingdom, shall India again, have been resident therein, or in any other part of Europe, for the space of five years, unless it shall be made appear, by the oath of credible witnesses, or other authentic testimony, to the satisfaction as weh of the said board for the affairs of India, as of the court of directors of the said united company, that such residence in Europe was on the account of, and became actually necessary for the health of such person or persons respectively; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con Exception, strued to extend, to any appointment which shall be made by the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of three fourths of a general court of proprietors of the said united company, specially convened for that purpose.

LXIV. And whereas it would conduce to the better government, management, and ordering of the territories, possessions, revenues and commerce of the said united company, iffome more effectual course than the common-law bath provided were devised, for the prosecuting and bringing to speedy 'and condign punishmeni persons guilty of the crime of extortion, 'and other misdemeanours, committed in the East Indies by British subjects holding offices or employments there under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or under the aid united company, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Method of and may be lawful to and for the coroner and attorney of our yjf --

lord the King, in the court of king's bench, by rule of the court of king's bench, to be obtained upon motion to be made shall be guilty for that purpose, at the instance of any person or persons, (and of extortion, which rule the said court is hereby Empowered to grant at their r oth€r discretion, if the magnitude and crrcurtistances of the case shall the^ea?1^1^ appear to the said court to render tt proper), or for his majesty's die, attorney general, or for the court of directors or court of proprietors

j?t4 Anno vicesimo quarto gfcofedit TO. C j[ty

prietors of the said united company, in the ha^jpf^ linked company, to exhibit in the said court of an information against any such person, for any luehp^t aforesaid, committed after the first day of March We tha seven hundred and eighty (fvc j whereupon the said cbdrt^ and may, at the instance of the prosecutor, causethes against whom such information hall have been witt aforesaid to be attached, and may and shall order mar 6 committed to the prison of the mw/bal/ea^ or to the to London, or to the gaol of Newgate, at the discretion of the! court, there to be detained until he shall be delivered bjfdj course of law, or until he, together with two sufficitattor^ shall have entered into a recognisance unto the strng^s'i^ljq his heirs and successors, in such sum of money, and with f condition for his appearance, and for satisfying the to be pronounced in and upon suchinformation, asso t court in its discretion shall Teem meet; and when 4^ shall have appeared and pleaded to the said mformatioft^ chief justice, of same of the justices of the saw cou of ti bench, shall, within ten days, (unless any Afandomt granted for the examination of witnesses as herein*ato jwfyif CD upon a motion to be made within a time to k lima the said court of king's bench for that purpose), deltvtt cord of the said information and plea to the Ion) high of Great Britain, or lord keeper, or lords coctmiflipiim custody of the great Tea! of Great Britain, who shall thereof htue a commission under the said great seal in m&nefha after provided.

If any person

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any.^b^ir.jpi accured shall Tonnes against whom any information shall be exhibited under^negletf to ap authority of this act, shall neglect or refuse, within

tive times as shall be allowed to him or them for tfow pff poses, by the rules, or according to the discretion of the $ court, to appear and plead not guilty to such mforom^ shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's attorn ^ertj, of other prosecutor, to cause an appearance, and theplea Utti puilty, to be entered for such person or persons; information shall thereupon proceed as if the partybf p#tip had appeared, and pleaded not guilty thereto

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That thin day from the from the commencement of the next and every mstofevery par^atnent* Ih* lords spiritual and temporal to

session, the 7 choose # and appoint, twenty six or more (nettben house of lords of their house*the commons of Great 0rtt4in, iri shall choose by ment assembled, forty or more members of therfa(d.horse of commons, to be chosen by bailot; and the speiker of exb their house, house respectively shall cause the list of the said "napiesi so diot and the house en, to be transmitted, under their respective hapd$ and.feah, to 'tic cler^ t*lc crowo in chancery, or his deputy: and tty whenever a commission is to be ifluecl upder the great seal be deuyered Great Britain by virtue of this act, the lists so returned shall be

ddirnci

information shall proceed iiotvnthstand ing.

Within o

Anno vkwflmo <^rto Georgirlji. C 25; 5*$

elivercclipver to, such three judges of the courts of king's bench, to three pm^n pjeasy or exchequer, as the said courts shall for that prpose'respectively appoint, one judge being nominated from he different achof the said courts respectively; and if the said lids shall courts, tji^alp tpore than twenty six members of the house of lords, j, forty of the house of commons respectively, the said judges wpj, vyithip three days from the receipt thereof, cause the amiss contained in the said list or lists of either or both houses iipedjively (as the case may happen) to be put into a box or oxejs, and twenty six narriss of the said peers, and forty names fthe said commons, to be publicly drawn by lot, in the pre m$ef of the said judges and that the said three judges shall

gw'wer and authority, and they are hereby required to give to all such members of the two houses or parliament, names shall have been so returned, or drawn by lot as fid, and asso to his majesty's attorney general, or other rctfecutor, and also to the party accused, as the case may retire of the tinic and place to be appointed by the said judges dot exceeding twenty days from such lists being delivered to jferf.as aforesaid) for proceeding'in the execution of this act j no we names of all such members, of either house of parlia Names of the tenvirs shall hot attend in consequence of such notice, shall be members of foriforutt^d fq the speaker of each house respectively, within either h°uj* irce days, if parliament be then fiiting, of if not, within three whoxannot* ays'after the next meeting of parliament; and all such persons attend, on re rshall appear to have made default as aforesaid, shall forfeit ceivingproper j hls Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five hun notice, to be red pounds each, unless they shall offer such excuses as shall iheypeaker.19

Sear, tp each house of parliament respectively to be valid and Defaulter to ci^at: and if any member of either house of parliament, fors«u <001. 'hole.name shall have been, drawn by lot in the presence of the each, lid'judges as aforesaid, shall have departed this life, or shall old any civil office of profit under the crown during his ma ifty's pleasure, or shall be, or shall have been, a member of je said board for the affairs of India, or shall be, or shall have eeny director of the said company, or shall hold, or shall have eld, any office or employment in the service of the said com any in India, then, in each and every such case, another name iarf&e drawn out of the same box (if any such name there be) lftesul of the naihe of such person.

l'jevii. And be it further enacted, That the feniar of the The fenlor [iff'three'judged present at the respective meetings of the said judge present Jecfal commissioners shall be the president of such meeting or t^b5pre<w*nl reetings; and that all questions, resolutions, and determina.*before the said special of, shall be by a majo 6'

ons

ty of voices of the special of then and there pre rntj and if the voices (half be equal, the then president shall ave a second or calling voice.

lxviir. And be it further enacted, That the members of twenty six it house of peers hereby directed to be named by the said nb, x0e ouse for the purpdfes aforesaid, shall bp chosert, nominated, pr, "Uhow w i and be chosen.

L Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2 Si! ^784*

and appointed. In the manner following; (that is to say), That at any time within thirty days from the commencemcnr r the next and every future session of parliament, when it pear that there are fifty lords spiritual and temporal at then present, the lords shall be calied; and if there are ray present, the lords shall thereupon proceed to deliver irt the table lists, each of which lifts shall contain the names of twemk six lords, and shall be signed by the lord who delivers suchlb^ which list being delivered in, shall be referred to a commfflte of lords to be then appointed, who shall examine the said hro^ and forthwith report to the house the name of every such taa whose name shall appear on ten such lists; and If the names (b returned shall not amount to twenty six at the least the lords present shall be required to deliver in fresh lists, each fist hxi taining a number of names equal to that number by wftfcfi the list returned shall fall Short of twenty six, and so as often as the case shall happen; and no lord present when the hoafe shall be called over shall depart until the said lists of twenty six:

shall be made as aforesaid.

of

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the mertbtfrof chasing the the house of commons, hereby directed to be named byi^iif 4f^hbcf# house fr the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nomfiiaiin, of commons. anc app0, nted» in the manner following; (that is to say), That;

at any time within thirty days from the commencement of the next and every'future session of parliament (and after thefpcaker of the said house shall have taken the chair), it shall and may be lawful for any member, after four of the clock in the afternoon, to require that the doors of the house shall be locked, and that the house shall be told by the speaker; and if itthaff appear that there are two hundred members or more thenprt'sent, the members of the house shall thereupon proceed whde liver in at the table lists, each of which lifts shall contain tte names of forty members; which lists being delivered in, ft*fl be referred to a committee of five members, to be then appointed, who shall examine the said lists, and shall fofthwithiebirt to the house the name of every such member whose name rail appear on twenty of the said lists; and if the names so returned shall not amount to forty at the least, thetaembers present ftuh be required to deliver in fresh lists, each list containing a niim4 ber of names equal to that number by which the list returnee shall fall Short of forty, and so as often as the case shall happen; land the doors of the house shall not be opened until the said list of forty members, or more, shall be fully completed in manner aforesaid.

Names of per

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That If Ay of fons holding the persons named in such lists shall appear to bold any cavil offices under office of profit under the crown during his majesty's pleasere, during plea or to be, or to have been, a member of the said board ftr the fare, C to be affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the Ail (truck out of company, or to hold, or to have held, any office or etppioy the list ment; n the service of the said company in India \ the names of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 517

ill and every such persons shall be (truck out of the said lid returned to the house by the said committee, upon such lid being read, over at the table.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the names of all The party to ueb members of either house of parliament, contained in the ^ve^ubert1 aijl lists of twenty six peers and of forty commoners, which to challenge hall have been drawn by lot in presence of the three judges as V peer, and aforesaid, as shall personally appear at the time and place ap0 common minted as aforesaid, shall be put into a box, to be drawn out ert*

y lot, in presence of the said judges, and of the parties, or

heir counsel or agents; and the person against whom such in

ormation shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall have the

iberty, as the said names are drawn out, to make peremptory

: hallenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty

)f the members of the house of commons, whose names shall.

wye been put into the said box; and his majesty's attorney Prosecutor

reneral, or other prosecutor, as the case may happen, shall may also make

have power to make challenges to any of the names which shall C cnse*'

ae so drawn out, and to assign for cause of challenge any such

cnatter as in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority

Dfthem, shall appear in their discretion sufficient to set them

aside, for the purpose of obtaining them equal justice; and the The first fear

fird/our names: of the said peers, and likewise the first six names names of the

d the said commoners, which shall be drawn out after the said the

npmber of challenges respectively, or which, being drawn out, commoners,

shall not be so challenged, shall be returned by the said judges drawn out

to the lord high chancellor, who shall cause the names, of the after the chat.

rd peers, and members of the house of commons, together

with those of the said three judges appointed as aforesaid, to be tmned'by the

inserted in the special commission to be issued by virtue of this judges to the

aft; and the persons whose names are so inserted in tlje com lord chan

mifiton shall appear, within ten days, at the time and place to

be appointed by though said three judges, and take the following jhofevth*

wth, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords uid judges,

of of the great seal for the time being, or any one in a special

Df them: commission.

1a. B. do wear, That I will well and truly try and determine, Oath to be to the hest of my judgement, the matter now to be brought before taken by the me, wording to though tvidtnu that shall be given. Siffioncn?*

So help me GOD.

And in case the challenges shall reduce the number of names so drawn out to less than four peers and six commoners reflectively, then and in such case the said three judges, shall certify the lame to the respective houses of parliament, who shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to appoint and ballot afresh for lists of members to be transmitted to the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, and afterwards to be inserted in a new commission to be issued in the manner herein-before directed; and the Vol. XXXIV Nn said

i Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 W.

Their powers, said special of shall have full powef ^hxq^nty to hear and determine every fuett mfoftnation, atjfd'w nounce judgement thereon, according to the effect of the ment of the common-law, upon convidhons had and obt according to the course of the common-law, far cxtoitroflj w other misdemeanour; and also to declare the party fa convicted incapable of serving the said united company in anycapidty whatsoever; and that such judgement, to be pronouncw by the said special of as aforesaid, in and upott jbeh information, shall be good, and effectual, and conclufifci to ail Their pro intents and Jpurposes whatsoever; and that no ctrtkrrilhsl ceedings not be granted, by any court whatsoever, for removing the jato b ^ce^tt0^ cee°inss f the said special of on such inforaab y r oran. nt any court whatsoever; and the proceedings of the fakhpe cial of shall not be impeached, or the validity thaw questioned, in any action or suit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and beat further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special commissioners,or any seven or more of them, (of whom one of the said three judges, at the lead, shall always be one), to hear sod determine every such information, and from time to time to adjourn, as they shall think dr; and in case any number of the said special of shall, before the said commission shall drath^&c^be ^avc ec" fully executed, depart this life, or be rendered in reduced to fix capable of acting, so that the number of the said special coo the commit*shall be reduced to six; or if all the said three judges shall happen to die, or be rendered incapable of acting, win Ithe said commission shall be depending, then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said commission, and the force and effwi thereof, shall cease, and a new commiflidq shall be awarded for hearing the matter of such information far which such former commission was issued, and the proceedings therein shall begin de novo; save only and except with respea rt the examination or deposition of any witnesses (if any) which tall have been taken in writing under the said former commission; which examinations or depositions shall and may be record and admitted ars evidence under such new commission. Commission

LXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said sperial ers to appoint of shall nominate and appoint a. sit and proper per

Seven of to make a quorum.

When the commission

(ion shall be void, and a new one awarded.

a register

Subpoenas may be iflhed for the attendance of witnessei.

son or persons to adfc as their register or registers in the exfcto tien of the said commission; and when and so (bon as die, said commission shall have been fully executed, the said cormhiffion, and the information and plea, and the judgement had therfop on, and all the depositions and examinations, and other proceedings concerning the premises, shall be delivered over bj such register or registers unto the clerk of the crown in the coart of king's bench, to be kept and recorded in that court.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authorityaftn said. That fubpeenas requiring the attendance, before the fecial of to be appointed under this cf aaywk

- atf

i?84'3 Aono vioe^mo quartp geo^oii Uj. £, 25. gip

nt, qi wtovefles 4s or an behalf of any person or persons ptqfe cuted under the ^pthority of this act, may be issued out of the ctfwfn office of the court of king's bench; and in case apy wit non attend jqfcfs, having due notice of fu^h subpoena, shall not attend in ancetobe (pbe^dience to such subpoena, his non ajtendance shall be deemed ^uscmcarior* a mifijemeanpr, and subject him to be indicted: and in case apv such witness shall attend, but shallrefpfe to be examined, it piall and may be lawful for the said special of to punish such witness by fine or imprisonroent, at their discretion.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said special commission c^pirpissioners shall have full power and authority, by virtue of eri may send this act, to send for persons, papers, and records, apd to exa for persons, mine all yvitoefle^ who shall come or be brought before them P3*qpon path, tq be taken before them, and to cause the exami rccor s nations of fpch witnessea, if they shall so think fit, to be reduced into writing, and to be signed and subscribed by such witnesses respectively i and if any person brought before the said and maycom special of shall prevaricate in his evidence, or shall mit prevari otherwise mi(behave hipifclf before the said special commission ?tors tllc ers, the said special of shall and may, if they shall*' C fq1 think fit, commit such person to the prison of the Fleet, or thp gaol, of Newgate, there to remain (or such time as the said ff^eci^l of shall appoint, unless the said comm ifli oner shall order them to he released sooner, which they are hereby ijmpowered tp do j and if any such witness shall wilfully give apy false evidence before the said special of, such wimefs shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall and may be iodi&ed and punished for the same accordingly,

JJ&XV I, And be it further epacled. That the recognisance The recogni # entered into as aforesaid, shall bind the property of all and zance afore. fjpgular the.gpods and chattels, winch were the goods and chat tel of the principal party entering into such recognisance at the of th/jfrinct tinri^of his entering ipto the same, or which he shall or may pai party at acquire ar any time afterwards, and before he shall be discharg the time of ed from such recognisance j and shall ala bind all eftaie and entering info iiuereft in all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof lhc'ain<* C the said principal party shall be seized or possessed, qr whereof any person or persons, in trust for the party so entering into such recognisance (at the time of his entefing into the same, or at any, time afterwards, and before he shall be discharged therefrom) shall be seized or possessed,

tifcjcvn. And be it further enacted, That where the party where the against whom such information shall have been exhibited as party shall be aforesaid shall be adjudged to be guilty of the crime charged in nd, ?ul, ry^ such information, and shall be adjudged to pay a fine unto his n^asine Majesty, his heirs and successors, that it shall and may be law he may beex full for his majesty's attorney general, or for the said united aminedbyin coxnpany, or other prosecutor, to exhibit interrogatories before terrogatories the court of exchequer, for the examination of the party ad exchequer jigged to pay such fine as aforesaid, as tg his estate and effects as to his estate

N n % sufficient and effects:

20 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

If be shall not sufficient to answer the faor)e fine; and if the said party xyft appear, or reappear, or shall refuse to answer to such interrogatories, or fwert0&c!"he ^11 wilfully conceal any part of his estate or effects, shall forfeit all before declared to be bound by such recognisance as afora hit estate, and or which shall by law be liable, to be extended in (atii be committed, thereof, such party, on his default of appearance before court, or on his refusal to answer such interrogatories, shall i feit to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, all and! gular his goods and chattels, lands, tenements, and bereo meats whatsoever, and shall be liable to be imprisoned in the

Sol of Newgate or the tower of London for such time as" the id court of exchequer shall direct.

LXXVIII. And whereas the provisions made by former laws, sir the bearing and determining in England offences committed in India, have been found ineffectual by reason of the difficulty of proving k this kingdom matters done there; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases of informations kud or CX hibited by virtue of this act in the said court of king's bench, or m»demeanors or offences committed in India it shall and ted to the*may be lawful for his majesty's said court, upon motion to be made on behalf of his majesty's attorney general, or otherpro fecutor, or of the defendant or defendants, to award a writ or writs of Mandamus requiring the chief justice and judges of the supreme court at Fort iviuiam in Calcutta for the time bein or the judges of the mayor's court of any of the British fettkments in India as the case may require, who are hereby respecthwly authorised and required accordingly to hold a court with all convenient speed for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in fiichformations respectively; and in the mean time to cause such publick notice to be given of the holding the said court, vaitf to issue such summons or other process as may be requiftte forjtbe attendance of witnesses, and of the agents or counsel of all of any of the parties respectively, and to adjourn from time to time, as occasion may require*and such examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publicly taken, cm? voce in the said court, upon the respective oaths of wrtnefc, and the oaths of fkilfui interpreters, administered according, to the forms of their several religions, and shall, by some (worn officer of such court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in case any duplicate or duplicates Should be required by or on behalf of any of the pans interested, and shall be lent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, dosed up, and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the said supreme court; and one or more of the judges of the said supreme court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same; whichw agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the clerks in court of his majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make oath that he received the same from

Depositions of witnesses

court of king's bench, may be read before the sperial of, and shall be deemed competent evidence

I

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2^ $21

the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India (or in what manner the same came into his hands), and that Che same has not been opened or altered since he so received it,

(which said oath such clerk in court is hereby authorised and required to administer; such depositions, being duly taken iing returned, according to the true intent and meaning of this t, shall be allowed and read before the said special coramif liqners, and shall be deemed as good and competent evidence*as if such witness had been present, and sworn and examined vtya voce, at any trial before the said Jjpecial of, for Aich crimes or piifdemeanors as aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all parties concerned shall be entitled to take copies of such depositions at their own colls and charges; and the chief justice of the said court of king's Chief justice bench, or one of the judges of the said court, shall, with all^king's ddnvenient speed after such deposition shall have been so receiv the to CD together with the said information and plea, cause the same deposition, C to be delivered over to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, to the lord T or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great chancellor. Britain, who shall thereupon i(tue the commission under the great seal, in the manner by this act directed.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted.

That nojnformation, or plea, or deposition, which by this act Restricticm at Is directed to be delivered over by the chief justice of the court to the delivery'bfkin's bench, or one of the judges of the said court, to the thereot* toro high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for fht custody of the great seal of Great Britain, shall be so delivered over, at any other tithe than during some one of the three tifual and accustomed terms herein after mentioned; that is to^by. Hilary term, Easier term, or Michaelmas term.

LXXX. And in order to promote the ends of justice in after tain bsg fails committed at so great a difiance from this country, by fitch evidence as the nature of the case will render practicable $ be it further enacted, That in all proceedings upon such information as Writings re aforesaid, as well the depositions taken under such commiflkm ceived by the or commissions, after the publication thereof, as also all writ di

Ings which shall have been transmitted from the East Indies to indu and the court of directors of the said united company, by their offi copies of cers or servants resident in the East Indies, in the usual coorfe witings sent of their correspondence with the said court of directors, and }£*£* topics of all writings which shall have been transmitted by the i^nts^erel said court of directors, or by any committee thereof, to the offi relative to the cers and fervints of the said united company resident in the charge in the Baste Indies, and which in any manner relate to the subject mat information, ter of the charge to be contained in such information, or to the by

defence to be made thereto, may be admitted by the said com the commit missioner to be offered in evidence, and shall not be deemed fioneri aseyi inadmissible or incompetent, unless upon objections anting from dsnet. the nature of the contents of the said writings; subject nevertheless to be impeached, in point of credibility, by such obfer yations and objections as the nature of such evidence or other

522 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [i

circumstances, may suggest; any rule of the commbn lats 16 the contrary notwithstanding.

Court of

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Tat court cf king! bench king's bench shall have power and authority, at the prayer of of theprofc majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, or tf the

cutor, C*whom such information shall be exhibited, to or

may order an der an examination de bene effey of witnesses, upon interropto examination ries to be had and taken before an examiner to beby thah ip up^interro p°*ntc<* fr that purpose, or by commission, as the case did gatorie*, C require, and to cause the depositions of such witnesses to k"*published, when the same shall appear to them €0 be pfoperaoi necessary; and which depositions (hah be afterwards admhtdl to be read in evidence before the aid of, and ouh be deemed good and sufficient evidence in the law as aforesaid; raving all just exceptions to be taken to such depositions, wheq the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore imitation of fs*id, That no prosecution m consequence of this act (hah be prosecutions. commenced, unless within the space of three years after the return of the party prosecuted into Great Britain, or within three years after the delivery of the inventory or particular required by this act.

Not totted

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no

the claims re thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend)

speding the to prejudice or affect the rights or claims of the public, or the

ter.^?r'al ac said united company, respecting the said territorial acquisitions qui ion. an(j revenues#

Commence LXXXI V And be it further enacted, That this act Hull tnent of this take place and have commencement, in Great Britain, inane'after the same shall have received his majest/s royal assent; and shall take place and have commencement, in the several presidencies aforesaid, and in the territories thereunto belonging, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Publldc ad.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this act Hull, and shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CAP. XXVI.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 10 Geo. j. C 41.

An act to repeal so much of two afl$> made in the tenth and fifteenth yean of the reign of his present Majesty, as authorises thefptdtr of the house of commons to issue his warrant so the clerk of the crown for making out writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, in the manner therein mentioned i and for fuijtiteetinz aether prcvifms for the like purposes.

WHEREAS by an ally made in the tenth year of the trip of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue h*s warrants so make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the rccefsot - w..... parlia

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 523

parliament; and also by another act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending and 15 Geo. the said act, and for enabling the speaker of the house of com 3, C 36. xnons to make oat new writs for the choice of members to Serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall, daring the recess of parliament, become peers of Great Britain, and hie summoned to parliament, and for other the purposes therein mentioned; several provisions were made for enabling the speaker of the house of commons to iffiu his warrants to the turk of the crown to make out new writs for electing members of the house of commons, in the room of such members as Should happen to die, or become peers of Great Britain at the times, in the manner, and under the re strictions in the fa idseveral acts mentioned: and whereas the said acts have been found highly advantageous to the public, by causing speedy elections tf members of the house of commons, and it is therefore expedient that the provisions therein contained Should be further extended, and freed from certain of the restrictions in the said acts particularly specified, and also that some further provisions Should be made for tarrying the said powers into execution, in the cases of the death of the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, or of his seat in parliament becoming vacant, or of his absence out of the realm; and it would be s also convenient that the provisions contained in the said two several acts of, parliament, and of this act, Should be reduced into one act of parliament, and I bat, for that purpose, those provisions contained in the said two several acts Should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most bxdelfent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the The recited said act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present attof 10 Geo. Majesty, and also so much of the said acts, passed in the fif repealed i teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables the ^geo^? speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make C 36. out new writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the patting of Speaker to this act, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker of the house, saros commons for the time being, during any recess of the said a

house, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby making out required to issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make writs for elec out a new writ for electing a member of the house of commons mem in the room of any member of the said house who shall happen to j^0fe die, or who shall become a peer of Great Britain, either during wh0 shall die, the said recefe, or previous thereto, as (bon as he shall receive or become notice, by a certificate, under the bonds of two members of the peer of Great house of commons, of the death of such member, in the first bruain* case; and in the second case, that a writ of summons hath been jflued, under the great seal of Great Britain, to summon such peer to parliament; which certificate may be in the form, or to the effect, comprised in the schedule hereunto annexed.

SH

Certificate of vacaocief tq be mrijfied in the Gazette

Certain re. ftri&ion* on the speaker relative to iituing hi warrant.

Speaker to authorise a certain number of member of the house of commons to execute the powers given to him by this a 6h

Anno vicesimo quarto gfcorgiijli, ea [ja

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That fth& of the house of commons shall forthwikh^afepr tusre such certificate, cause notice thereof to be infected in the,

Gazette, and shall not issue his warrant until fourteen after the insertion of such notice in the Gazette -

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein coatah>ed'ihfr!l fr:

tend to enable the speaker of the house of cotnmops t&htafclib warrant for the purposes aforesaid, unless the return tof Ar writ (by virtue of which such member deceased, or beboihe4 peer of Great Britain, was elected) shall have been broughjtirf* to the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the hatt before the end of the lad sitting of the house of conmons mediately preceding the time when such applicariof* (hah kb made to the speaker of the house of commons to tffiae- - warrant as aforesaid; nor unless such application shall ' so long before the then next meeting of the house of coml for the dispatch of business, as that the writ for the<dedkvi may be issued before the day of such next meeting of fbeijimfc of commons; nor in case such application shall be uiade.wrifli respect to any seat in the house of commons which (httt. fane been vacated in either of the methods before meationed»by4afc member of that house against whose election or return toferw in parliament a petition was depending, at the timpof the then lift prorogation of parliament, or adjournment of though bbufir ofj commons. t.:

V. And whereas the due execution of this 'aft may he preven&dar impeded by the death of the jpeahtr of the house of coenm* for the time being, or by his seat in parliament becoming vacant or by Me abfepce out of the realm, for which imonven'uncies it is expedient Or provide a remedy; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the present speaker of the hpufe of commons, and he is hereby required, within a convenient time after the patting of this at, and for every ferae*speaker of the house of commons, and he is hereby

within a convenient time after he shall be in'that office, at the beginning of any parliament, by any irtftroment in writing under his hand and fear, to nominate and appoint a certain number of persons, not more than seven, nor less than three, members of the house of commons at the time being, thereby authorising them, or any one of them, to execute aliatnd gular the powers given to the (peaker of the house of commons for the time being, for ittuing such warrants as said, by virtue of this act, subject nevertheless to such re tiens and exceptions as are herein also contained; which instrument of appointment and authority shall, notwithstanding the death of the speaker of the house of commons making and executing the same, or the vacating his seat in parliament, continue and remain in full force until the dissolution of the parliament in which it shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and

Anno vicesimaquarto Georgii II. c. 26. $25

as often as the said number of persons, so to be appointed as When such aforesaid, shall, by death, or by their seats in parliament being number shall vacated, happen to be reduced to less than three, it shall and j>v2?ucedto maybe lawful for the speaker of the house of commons for the "Kw time being to make a new appointment in the manner herein appointment before directed. tone made.

VII. Provided also, That every such appointment shall be appoint entered in the journals of the house of commons, and be also menu to be published once in the London Gazettei and the instrument of entered in the such.appointment shall be preserved by the clerk of the house of journal of the commons, and a duplicate thereof shall be filed in the office of publidtell in thoclerk of the crown in chancery. the Gazette.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained n what cases shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any power or only such per authority whatsoever to any person so to be nominated and ap son*ai*, m pointed as aforesaid, except in the case of there being no p°wered to speaker of the house of commons, or of his being absent out of the realm, nor for any longer time than such person, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue a member of the house of commons; anything herein contained to the contrary not witbaanding.

ixv And be it enacted, That the publisher of the Gazette Publisherof for die time being, when any such notice as aforesaid of the the Gazette to [(firing of any such warrant shall be brought to him, signed by ie receipts any person so appointed as aforesaid, shall give a receipt for the for nt, ces same, specifying the day and hour when the same was received. in case more than one such notice shall be brought to him, relative to the same election, such publisher shall insert in the Gazette only the notice first received.

SCHEDULE.

WE whose names are underwrittenbeing two members of the house of commons, do hereby eertijy. That M. P. late a member efthe said house, serving as one of the knights of though for the county of [or as the case may be] died upon the.

day of [or is become a peer Great Britain, and that a

writ of summops hath been issued, under the great seal of Great Britain, to summon him to parliamen,] [as the case may be j]

and We give' you this notice, to the intent that you may your warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make out a new writ for the election of a knight to serve in parliament for the Laid county of [or as the case'may bej in the room said M. P, Given under our bands, this day of

To the speaker of the house of commons.

Vote, That in case there shall be no of the house of commons,

or of his absence out of the realm, such certificate may be. addre/jbd to any One of the persons appointed according to the directions of this act.

526

Preamble

From Sept 4, 17849 an additional weekly duty of ca. to be paid for all hackney coach licences.

Duty to be paid monthly.

1

Provisigns of former as relative to levying the duty, C extended to this

X icences to be granted in future under payment of 10 s. weekly teat.

Anno vicesimo quarto gftmtojj KL [rj^ CAP. XXVII

An act for laying an additional duty on hatbiey tooths; ml sir ns plaining and amending several affs of parliament ft backney coaches.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, d commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembht* wards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary iuppbesji defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely tod voto tarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the addhi> nal duty herein after mentioned j and do most humbly bcfack your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enam by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by then thority of the same, That, from and after the fourth day d September., one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for theuse of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceuors, from all and enry person or persons now licensed, or hereafter to be ficeofed, in drive or keep a hackney coach, or coach holies, within (beetles of London and Westminster, or the suburbs of the lame, a within the parishes comprised within the weekly bills of mem lity, the further or additional weekly duty or (am of five M ings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for each and every such coach so licensed; be paid monthly from the said ford day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty soar, without any deduction or abatement for any matter, cause«whatsoever: And that all powers, provisod, article:, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters d things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or aft*parliament relating to such hackney coaches, or the owdhv renters, or drivers thereof, shall be of full force and effias skfi relation to the additional weekly duty or sura hereby iropa and shall be applied and put in execution for the rating toying, colleisting, and securing, the said additional weekly dif hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the forte M severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relatioop the said additional weekly duty hereby imposed. J

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, W when any of the licences already granted to hackney, coihfflh shall, by death, resignation, or otherwise, become void, stand may be lawful for the commissioners for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, or any three of theas* grant such licences anew to any person or persons, under p? fnent as well of the weekly relit of five Shillings, seferved such licences, as of the said additional weekly relit,

'ft

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27, 527

ith such covenants, conditions, and provisoes, therein to be rferted, for the more effectual payment thereof, as the said )fn*nifiiort«rs, in their discretion, shall think fit.

Island whereas it frequently happens that the owners of hack fry coach licences neglect of rtfufe to attend the said of nth his her, or their drivers, be it further enacted by the uthority aforesaid, That if the owner of any such licensed coach ff'°"nen f lall negledfc or refuse to appear before the said of, cmhcfneg pm any complaint exhibited before them, and with his pro lea to appear er driver, upon the third summons left at the usual place of before the bode of such owner entered with the said of, h of lall and may be lawful for the said of, upon such K

egle£fc or refofal of appearance of the said owner, to revoke their licences uch hackney coach licence, and to iicenfe another person in may be rc he room of such owner. yoked.

IV. And whereas by an 0#, made in the ninth year of the reign Recital of slier late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for licensing nd regulating hackney Coaches and chairs; and for charging*ertain new duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper nd on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for 'reland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment at of the pod office, and by several duties on hides and skins,

1 yearly fond of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the atisfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the con ribtitbrs of any sum not exceeding two million?, to be raised or carrying on the war, and other her majesty's occasions } by anothor aft, made in the/eventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon po and 7 Geo. 3. icies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made C 44. n respect of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licen: es for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for ntplaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs;,) the several fares or rates to be taken by backncy coachmen, tkeir renters or drivers, are enumerated and set down: and whereas, the better to enable such hackney ioatbtoen, and their renter;, to pay such additional relit or impojl, it is thought expedient, that the persons already licensed, or hereaster to be licensed, to drive or keep such hackney coaches, Should have, take, and rcce\ve, for their hire, at and after the rates kerein after mentioned;

it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Part of the from and after the fourth day of September, one thousand seven recited acts hundred and eighty-four, so much of the said act of the ninth year repcaled* if the feign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and also so much if the said act of the seventh year of the reign of his present ma fefty, as appoints or enumerates the fares or rates to be taken )y hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers, shall, from the said fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ighty four, be, and the same are hereby repealed: and that. From Sep. 4, from and after the said fourth day of September, one thousand 1784, hackney £ven hundred and eighty-four, every person who is or shall be coachmen in

tk ej l"lbe

5*8

following farei; videlicet.

Anno vicesimo quarto gecjrgii IIL c. 2^1

licensed by the said of, or the t^ajar 'pin' to drive, keep, and let to hire, by the hour ot dy, or ": ": hackney coach, with horses and geldings, otat' the cities of London and jv(stminstert or the suburb t V or within the parishes or places comprised Within bills of mortality, or any other place or plas, whd&d| any of the laws now in being, such hackney cohpiiii 'm to pellable to go, or any person legally filing under 'qlch licefils person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, attd al for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates iol fott herein after mentioned; (that is to say:,) 1'

<* and for every distance within and not exceeding one toft^a half, i s. four furlongs, the sum of twelve pence: '

Not exceeding Ant] for every further distance within and not exceeding (w

ss°6d!* furlongs, (computed as beyond the said first mentioneddifcntt of one mile and four furlongs,) the sum of fixperice:

And to m And in like manner for any further distance, within ajri aot» for every half ceeding four furlongs beyond the said second distance, fit mile. 1 sum offtxpence; and foin like manner the sum offixpdkcfr every further distance, within and not exceeding four furloap. to be computed through the whole distance which fuphwc shall be driven or go.

For the first And as respecting the time during which such coach Wh hour, i s.fid. employed, for the first period of time, not exceedpsctar, the sum of one shilling and sixpence:

And for every And for any time within and not exceeding an hour, to V our after, is. computc<j frotn tj, e expiration of the said first hour, ! the

one shilling and sixpence; and in like manner for tpj tiia within and not exceeding an hour, the further sum of tm Ruling and ftxpencey to be computed through the wholeunxluring which such coach shall be engaged or employed;

For a day of And for a day's work or hire, reckoning twelve hoist to W id*10*1" " SOUTHEAST um fourteen Shillings and sixpence;

a"jfr0, And for any time exceeding the said twelve hours, at and hour exceed 1' ater ie rate one and sixpence for the fixft penod a

ing ia, 11.6d. time, not exceeding one hour, to be computed from the end i the said twelve hours; and for any time within and pot matting an hour, to be computed from the expiration of the H first hour after the said twelve hours, the sum of one urn and sixpence; and in like manner for any time within and W i exceeding an hour, the further sum of one shilling and fixpw

to be computed through the whole time during which lid coach shall be engaged or employed exceeding the said rad hours.

V

The new fare V And be it further enacted by the authority afatu to be recover That the said several rates and fares for hire, bereia btb' din the same mentioned, shall and may be recovered in the like manna'

u i

manner as the

529

digri ^of her 'feia iate majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act former ones, r act of Darlfadient are by law recoverable.

vir.a^lie it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p«rfons taking rbav the persons now licertfed, or hereafter to belicensed, shall n<£stobe ?£ fut&eft aftd liable to all the orders, rules, regulations, bye subject to the penalties, matters, and things, as are, or at any time same orders, i^etofore have been lawfully prescribed in relation to any per pn$ticensed to keep or drive hackney coaches, and the renters*heretofore t such licences, and drivers of such coaches, before the making Except !f tins present act, (except such parts thereof as are hereby rep 1

V U. And whereas a doubt has arien whether, under and by vir Recital of a tue of a clause in an act made in thejirji year of the reign of his late clause in aft majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for better regu 1 l*c# lating hackney coaches, carts, drays, cars, and wagons, within 5'* the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for preventing miichiefs occasioned by the drivers ridingupon such carts, drays, cars, and wagons,) any persan driving a mourning coach or hearse to a funeral within the cities London or Westminster, or the suburbs of the same, or within the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, are jfktyefl and liable to the penalties and forfeitures created by any of the Status now in being for keeping or driving a hackney coach or loach horses for hire, without a licence Jrom the said of; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said From 4* fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty jtjf*dvivm^a* soul, If any person shall drive a mourning coach or hearse to any m0urning5*fipneral within the cities of London or Westminster, or the suburbs coach or

Of tnt same, or within five miles of temple bar in the said city of hearse, within jliftdon, except the same shall have a number fixed on the fore x^mple bar standard of such mourning coach or hearse, shewing it to be a without"a f lyfehfed coach or hearse let to hire, and information shall be given number proto the said of of such fast, it shall and may be law p«riy full for the said of to fuihmon the party driving such ^ihboming coach or hearse before them, andj on default of such before the party appearing on such summons before the said commission commission efs, the said of are hereby empowered to proceed and fined agiinfthim, her, or them 5 and although no express hiring shall $* /

w pfoved, it shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, i&ld the party offending shall forfeit for such offence the sum of pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same;# er as by any of the laws now in being arc directed con' certiing the penalty or forfeiture for driving an hackney coach r'fti^falre without licence.

/; vui f And whereas great in conveniences lave arisen from the / regular behaviour of carmen, draymen, and other persons driving carts, drays, and other such carriages, within the cities of London, and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark, inti Other streets, highways, and places thereto near adjoining, bf

pealed.)

53° Anno vicesimo quarto. Georgii IIIl

the said streets and highways committing fthfr. pi

like kind: and whereas a doubt has arisen whether 3

wr/a/ of wy^laws now in being, the owners efimevi cars drays, or other such carriages, belonging to ptrfint ref^n^ of the bills of mortality although within the adjoining places 'tyii said r/v/'/j o/london or Westminster W borough you wark, ought to enter their names and places of abode with tkijsn miss oners sir licensing hackney coaches \ be it farther t

from$cp.t. 4* the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fdurth tjayfi

1784. no per September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty foijr,

art cat dra^ person or perms whatsoever shall drive any cart, car, irar4o

fc. withinrfive ot^er such carriage, within the said cities of London or Jmm

miles of Tem for and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark and 6tk

pl bar, or in streets and places within the bills of mortality, or five missed

the temple bar in the said city of London except the owner of fed

cept the owner cart car dray, or other such carriage, shall have enjeredfi

shall have en name and place of abode with the of forlicenfc

tered his name hackney coaches; and shall, upon some conspicuous part d

and place of such cart car dray or other carriage, have the name of tit abode at the r s I J f.

hackney owner of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, audit

coach office; number of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage brigand shall affix ing to him, in order that thfc driver of such cart, car*draper his name, and other such carriage, may be the more easily convified foraa* the carriage, disorder or misbehaviour committed by him as aforesaid; 3k on some con in case of such neglect or refusal of entry, and affixing fed fpicuous part number on such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, the thereof. owner or driver of such cart, car, dray, or other such wia^ Penalty on of f0 residing and driven within five miles of Temple bar (toll fenders. subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures created b any laws now in being relative to such owners or drivers cj carts, cars, drays, or other such carriages, within the said cities of London or Westminster* and suburbs thereof, the boroqgm Southwark and other streets within the bills of qiotuliry, which shall or may be recovered and applied in such maimer such forfeitures and penalties are by law now recpyfartbfe from the owners of such carts, cars, drays, or other such stages, fe driven within the said cities of London or Westminster* and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southward and other (toes within the bills of mortality.

Additional

IX. And be it further enacted, That the tmpfr weekly duty weekly duty, or sum of money, (the necessary charges of to be paid into ing and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from rifled the exche time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, ft tered macn tm<^ty aru* apart from a ot^er branches of the pjuwick bookfeparate nue; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt M shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which ah moneys arising from the said additional duty imposed by flrni and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be enteredfe rate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account thit ever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exd

from alt others,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 28, 29.' 53i

quer a aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several Application and respective annuites, and all such other charges and expen thereof. ces, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a totteryj

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Defendants shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, may plead the for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of general Blue, this actor of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for hisvor their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him j^dhavetre* or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. bic cou

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for authoring the treasurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his majesty's ship Santa Margaretta, the like bounty for taking the French frigate called L Amazone, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ships of war, taking or dcftroyfng ships of war belonging to the enemy.

19 Geo. 3. c. 67. and so Geo. 3. c. 13. recited. Officers and men on board the Santa Margaretta (Capt. Elliot Salter) when die attacked the French frigate l'amazone, in July 178s. in titled to the bounty of 5l. for every man on board the said frigate at the time of the attack.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truf teet, for better securing his majestyv docks, ships, and stores, at portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revelling certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other pur posts therein mentioned.

Act of0 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited, and 11 Geo. 3. c. 6r. AH the lands, tenements, C in the recited acts mentioned to be situate in Devon Shire and Cornwall, and vetted in (ir Fletcher Norton, and the other persons therein Darned (except as herein mentioned) shall be divetted out of the said sir Fletcher Norton, C and revetted in the former proprietors thereof. Recital of a Geo. 3. c. 80. and 13 Geo. 3. c. 87. All the lands, tenements, be. in the recited as % % 13 Geo. 3. mentioned to be situate in Hampttiire, and vetted in the Rt Hon. Wolfran Cornwall, C shall be revelled in the former proprietors thereof. Certain pieces of land, C n the parish of Alverstoke in the county of Southampton; and in the pa ishes of Titchfield and Rowner, in the same county; and certain other pieces of land, C tttuate in the parish of Maker, 10 Devonshire; vetted n the Rt. Hon. Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Jervoise Clarke Jervoise esq; Robert Thittlethwayte esq; sir William Lemon baronet, John Roll esq; John Polloxttn Ballard esq; their heirs and assigns in trutt for the >whera till the value adjudged and the purchase money paid with interest. Reasonable compensation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty empowered by letters patent under the great

53. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. jo. [ql(.

greit ieal, to appoint of to determine ctafcna to the sill C To proceed in a summary way, on testimony of wkneflaxupwanmi or inspectfon of records, cor by jury if required. Judgement finm* crecs of of to be entered in books, C Copies t^crcdflobc laid before both houses of parliaments Commissioners to utae tt^f'warrants to Ihcrifft to summon juries who are to inquire into the waist ef lands. Sec. Penalty on tariffs or their officers making defaults Mt mart tbaniol. and also on jurors, not more than xol. In case a fuffidentjiry shall not appear upon return of the warrant, of may adjoint the inquest, and iflbe their warrant for summoning other juror in fwn of defaulters. Commissioners, after the Inquest tall be taken, aojeh journ, C for makinjg decree. Commissioners to give notice pretopta their respective meetings, 14. days at least If owners make defoylt ia appearing, See. to proceed to judgement which is to be final. On payment of the sums assessed by jury, C true flees to be deemed seized of the pre inifes for the use of his Majesty. Surveyors of the highways for theys rill of Alverstoke, and their workmen. Sec. empowered to enfer Ufto lands set out as a road, and to take gravel from the sea share. V Officers d ordinance, before Jan. 1, 1785, in a written declaration, to speem the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the rarpolesvfofe said. And all the lands not so specified shall be revelled in ttie former proprietors. No private building (except barns, hovels, or other bonding of wood only) to be erected qn any lands vested by this at and the jury msv value the damage by such restriction, and if any building be creaea after the assessment, the same may be abated. Lands to be porchawi h pursuance of this a, shall be liable to the usual tithes and taxes To be paid by the storekeeper of the ordinance. Profits arising from thafamds to be expended on the fortifications, to be appropriated by them after general. See. of the ordinance towards the erection and reparation of thefiy* tifications. Proprietors of lands, hereby revetted, to be reimbursed lb or expenses, See. in consequencef of the recited act si Geo. 3. Act of^ogea j.c. 49. recited. Lands and tenements in Chatham, Sec. taken poftefbon of for his majesty's use, to be liable to tithes, land tax, Sec. as heretofore. Such tithes, Scc. to be paid by the storekeeper of the ordinance Proprietors of lands, Sec. in Hampshire, to be reimbursed damages in consequence of the ad 11 Geo. 3. Commissioners not liable to penalties, in acts Car. a. C 1. 1 Wm. and Mar. C 8. 13 and 14. Win. 3. C 6. s Geo. t.c* 13. Commissioners not disqualified from being members of parliament

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon for retailing beer, ale and other emftablt liquors.

[Preamble.]

From Sept X 17*4, an additional duty

Most gracious Sovereign,

W'E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjea*, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affecnbled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your m»jdty*s public expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto y«sr Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do most huiamy beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it emdtd by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefer parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fird day of September cot thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected, and

paid,

7* ] an vk$0roo*jp*fta gkorgu III C 3a 553

=uuj» jfa his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of ten of 10 s. 6d. to killings and sixpence for every piece of vellum or parchment b pa, dor

r flicct or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, for retailing r^jgir^feted, any licence from justices of the peace for selling ale, beer, ale, See. eer or other exciseable liquors, by retail, in Great Britain vcrtsfnd above all other duties chargeable thereupon.

II.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The new duty better and more effectual levying, collecting, and pay to Sunder fold duty herein before granted, the same shall be un ^ent'oftnt er the government, care, and management of the commission of rs, sot the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged of stamp n |iapiped ^vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major <luuc, «them, are hereby required and empowered to employ re necessary offices under them for that purpose, and to ule rid provide such (lamps to denote the said duty as shall be re ui£$e in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be one for putting this act into execution with relation to the said uty herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and am

1c manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised^put ip execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, tarchment, and paper.

411. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Allowance to That the same allowance shall be made, on present payment f the several duties granted by this at, in such manner as by ment. P* ny former law, relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and taper, is directed and allowed.

iy. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stamps may That fuph (lamps as the of are hereby directed and be altered or uthorized to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, enewed in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parch nent or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped velum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered or renewed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be'c. 0unter^, tms iowtferfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or al tamps cowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the iuti.es by this act granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the mpreflion of the same, with an interir to defraud his Majesty, lis heirs and successors, of the said duty; or shall privately or raudufeotly use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to e used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs nd fuqcessors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and wing thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and ball suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of

7l And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisionj of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, distri former rtamp >ution of penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters and acts to be in hings prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts mriiament, relating to the lamp duties on vellum, parchment, "

Vol. XXXIV O 0 and

534 aario vicesimo quarto gfeokdfcptlf.1 pj 78

and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raisine, levying, collecting, and securing the fajdduty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and b

this act, as fully, to all intents and purpose, as if thb lathe had severally and respectively been hereby enacted With rttadbn to the said new duty hereby imposed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority kfot'daid, Duty to be That the duty hereia before granted shall be paid from iiimtf paid to the time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time barig neravof of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, woo stamp dutici, shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and piytfae and by bim same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting paid into the for the same, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer for purposes in this act mentioned, at such time and in

such manner, as any former duties bn stamped vellum, pinch ment and paper, are directed tobopaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

A book to be That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the an provided by djtor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which of the exche* l^c monic€ ar>sing from the said duty, and paid into the said quer, for en receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all tenng the other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heira and duty separate successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, other. k Pa nt l^c receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shah, fco application gcther with such other rates, duties, and revenues, ds flail fee thereof. granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament far this

Kfe, be a fund for the payment of the feverhl annuities, and: h other charges and expenses as are directed to he ptid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of paise ment, (entitled, An act for raising a ttrtain sum of minty byway of annuities, and for establishing a lottery r

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afecehid, Defendants That if any person or persons shall, at any time or tunes, 1 be raayplwd the sued, molested or prosecuted, for anything by him or them general issue, (jqnc or execute(j; n pursuance of ttus aft, or of an^xhose;

matter, or thing herein contained, fetch person and ydoos shall and may plead the general i(tue, and give the fecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then suck defendant or and shall have defendants shall have treble rolls awarded to him or Atom treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

anno^ri(^gn^qmrt(> Georgii III. c. 31. 535

CAP. XXXI.

jfrqafl for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horset kept for

\ hi purpose of ridings and on horses used in drawing certain carru \ ogfsy in reffect whereof any duty of excise is made payable.

ivjfoft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily refnlved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be etiacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and fromsepm*, after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven784., the sot bondred nd eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collect [°^pai!tto CD: and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty; and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates videlicet, and duties following; that is to say,

Every person who shall keep and use any horse, mare, or For every gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of draw laddie horse, ing? any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any ^, cj1h^orc^»( other carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage is now or nimon^os.^ hereafter 03ay be called or known, (for or in respect whereof any rate or duty, under the management of the commissioners of the excise, now is or are made payable by any Statute now in force), shall yield and pay annually, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of ten Shillings:

: horse, mare, or gelding, entered to start or run for For every any" pi ate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, the*orrc clerk ftmhcr/um of two pounds two shilling:

That every person exercising the trade and business of an Everyiicensed horse dealer, within the cities of London and Westminster, the horse dealer weeklyjbuls of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark within the 4n thy cdunty of Surrey, and who (hah take out a licence to, use and etsrcife the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall rough of yield and pay annuahy, to and for the use of his Majesty, his Southwark, heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds: >ol. perann

And every person exercising the said trade or business of an And every horse dealer, without the cities of London and Westminster, the such dealer weekly bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, in the e

county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use and

exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuedeffors, the sum of five pounds.

O o % JJ. And

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3u [1784.

II. And, for the better and more effectually raising9 levying? cs lettings and paying the said duties herein before granted, be it eda$ dutiestobe ed, That the same shall be under the government, care, and na^rnent^f*managefnent f the commissioners for the time being appointed the commit to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, paraimjenr, iioners of and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby requir (ump daties. ed and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or flumps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as they shall see occasion

to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for putting this a<sl in execution with relation to the fakl duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vd lum, parchment, and paper.

Commission

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the era may grant passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty's comma

hors/dealcri fl0ners> appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps an or e cr«. ve]jum^ parchment, or paper, or some person duly authority by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to use and exercise the trade and business of aa horse dealer in any city, town, or other place within Groat bn tainy for the space of one year, to commence from the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousacd seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day ccj Licences to be the date of every such licence; and all and every person and rcnjvcd an persons, who shall take out such licence for using and exercis nu ing the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall, in order to be exempted from the duty hereby imposed on any horse, mare, or gelding, kept and used by him, take out a firefli licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he shall have been so licensed, if he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer; and shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due onliicu licences, as long as he shall continue to use and exertilt the said trade and business of an horse dealer.

Certain words

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person exerclfin* to be wrote or the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who qiao have frontof°the*ta^en ut a licence for that purpose, shall cause the words LIkou(e or tta censed io deal in Horses, to be painted or written in large and blcs of every legible charaflers, either on a sign hung out, or on Tome visiblfl hone dealer place in the front of his or their house, gateway, or (tables, at the respective places at which he or they keep such horses tot sale, to denote that such person is a dealer in horses, and Ikeru* ed for that purpose; and if any person, so licensed as aforesaid' Ites

537

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31;

shall presume to sell any horse without fixing or hanging out

such token as aforesaid, every licensed horse dealer so offending,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five on penalty of

pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is di sf

redfed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the owner of every horse, Two guinea mare or gelding, entered to start or run for any plate, prize, tobepaidpre sum of money, or other thing, shall, previous to the entering clucringanv or darting such horse, mare, or gelding, pay the sum of two |lorfe run pounds two Shillings, as the duty for one year; which said mo for a plate, ney shall be paid, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc

conors, into the hands of the derk of the course, bookkeeper, or other person authorised to make the entry of such horse, mare, or gelding, being to start or run for such plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, as aforesaid; if any owner on penalty of of such horse, mare, or gelding, shall, previous to the starting, neglect or refuse to pay the said sum of two pounds two shillings, for such entrance, to the clerk of the course, bookkeeper, or other person authorised to make the entry as aforesaid, the owner or owners of every such horse, mare, or gelding shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the Penalty on course, bookkeeper, or other person, so receiving the said sum clerk of the of two pounds two Shillings, as entrance money, shall, within nedesine to fourteen days after the receipt thereof, give an account of all account with moneys received by him for horses so entered to start as afore distributor of

said, to the distributor of stamps in the county where the race was run, upon demand made by such distributor for the same, and producing his appointment as distributor under the hands and seals of three of the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties; and in case of not accounting for and paying the same, he shall, for every default in not delivering such accounts, pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the moneys due on such accounts, forfeit and pay double the amount of the moneys due on the said accounts at the time of such default.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said head distribu Allowance to

tors of stamps, to whom such money shall be paid as aforesaid, m, ad£tof shall! make an allowance of one shilling in the pound to such course° clerk of the course, bookkeeper, or other personas aforesaid, C

all moneys so accounted for and paid by him to such distri

btuor as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person All person and persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of keeping Septembtry one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall (ofhedotie* keep and use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of aforesaid, riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage subject to the within the duty of excise as herein before is mentioned, for his, her, or bills of mor their own use, or the use of any person of or for whom he, (he,

or they, is, are, or shall be, committees, trustees, or guardian, Thereof to tbs; O o 3 if

53*

ft amp office, and pay the annual dudes:

And all persons keeping such horses, in any other

art of Great Britain, shall give notice thereof to the head distributors of iumps, C and pay the duties to them.

Persons keeping horses liable to the duties, are to give fresh notices, and pay the duties, annually.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgi! fl(.j C 31v

if living in London or Westminster, or within the limit! & die weekly bills of mortality, shall, Within twenty if&rftie said twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten dajri'aiftethe or (he shall begin to keep and use such horse, mare togcltfng, for riding or drawing as aforesaid, and so, from time to ie, within ten days after beginning to keep and ufc anybtber such horse for riding or drawing respectively, notoeing hi the see or (lead of any former one kept and used by him or her, aijof which notice has been given as aforesaid, and payment for the same; give notice in writing at the head office id London for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, tf his her, pr their keeping and using the same, and of the number of such horses so by him, her or them respectivetykept and used as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where be, (he, or they respectively reside, and (hah at the same time payufcwn the respective annual duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and evcyyperlbn and persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth diy of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, will keep and use arty such horse, mare, or gelding, for tiding or drawing, as aforesaid, hereby charged with the said, duty, For his or her own use, or for the use of any person of or fair whom he, she, or they shall be committees, trustees, orguardfeh\fe any other part of Great Britain, shall, within thirty <hj$ after the said twenty-ninth day of September, or within twenty days after he, she, or they shall begin to keep and use futfi horse to hereby directed to be charged with the said duty, and fro tftfie to time within ten days after beginning to keep and ufeaty other such horse for nding or drawing respectively, dpt Mng in the place or (lead of some former one kept and ufecibyhitn, and of which notic? has been given as aforesaid, and fr^ent made for the famei give notice in writing to the head aiufibu tors of (lamps in each county, or to their deputies refiditte next to the place where such person or persons, for wffofe ute the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the number of such horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforesaj#, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they rpfj^aively rtfide, and shall at the same time pay down the respective/itiiid^i duties 4b imposed as aforesaid, for the keeping the same,

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every perses and persons who shall give, or be, obliged to give, fuci ^dtice as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or Wthin ^nty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times of giving, or being obliged to give such first notftfe, to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, and pay dowp the respective annual duties abovementioned, according to she.ilum ber of such horses so by him, her, or them re(pe&bejyihen kept, and in the same manner to renew such notice, and (rfckc such payment from year to year, as long as he, (he, ol rtw

(hill

tt Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.

>cricw5

539

any suchthorfes as aforesaid and if any person or, all f<j> keep any such horse or horses, liable to the said juty's aforesaid, without giving such first or other notice, and risking fitch payments yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or Penalty, hey halt, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, so kept and afeq by him, her, or them, and of which no notice shall have oeen given, and payment made as aforesaid respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the need go fur onakipg such entry, or the payment of the said duties, if he or |j|*rnthan to _ she live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he or she kc live out of a marker town, then to ho other place than to the making entry, market town nearest to his or her habitation. Ac.

XII. And, for the better securitig the duty hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That the several collectors of the duties on Parish collec 'windows in every parish within Great Britain shall, and they toros duties re hereby directed to make out fair and correct lists, in writ to makeout ing, of the names of all the persons residing within their re proper list of fjpejftive parishes liable to the payment of the duties on win persons liable dows, together with the number of windows for which each to the raid person is charged withjl^e said duty, and to deliver the same to f "deii4rthe the distributor of (lamps, or his deputy residing in the nearest fam€ to the market town in the same county where such parish shall lie, distributor who shall pay to such collector the sum of two Shillings for every of stamps hundred names contained in such lists, and foin proportion for any less number of names; and if such collector shall refuse on penalty of or neglect to return such lists signed by him, or shall deliver in 51* any fraudulent or fictitious list, he shall forfeit and pay the sum. of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is (firedled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the head distributor Distributor of of (lamps, or his deputy, to whom such lists shall be delivered stamp to call by such collector of the duties on windows, shall call at the on lucy dwelling house or place of abode of every person contained' in havenorregi such list, who shall not have registered any horse, mare, or ftered any gelding, liable to the duty hereby imposed, and shall make a horse, C demand of the duty if any such be due; and if any person shall d«mand refuse to pay the lame after such demand made, and shall be e ut)r> convicted of having kept and u fed any horse, mare, or gelding,

liable to the duty hereby imposed, such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the payment Names of the of the said duties so hereby granted at the said head office of persons pay stamps in London, or to the respective offices in the country, by the several owners or proprietors of any such horse or horses er paitj liable to the said duty as aforesaid, the names of the persons foc. to been paying the same, and the number of horses by him or her re teredinare tpefttvely kept, and the name of the parish or place where he,

(fie, or they reside, shall be entered.in a register to be kept

o0.4.'the

ill'P

ment of the duties.

To what

horses this pft shall not extend

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgji ML C 31; £17844'

the said head office of stamps, if in London and, if in the doao*try, by the said head distributors of stamps, or their deputies. Receipt? to be for that purpose, by the person so receiving the same j in da given of pay receipt shall be given to every person so paying such duties by the persons so receiving the same which receipt shall contain the number of the said register, the number of futh horses iu respectively entered and paid for the sum paid for the same, and the time for which such sum shall have been so paid, and be a discharge to the respective owners for such number of horses so paid for, wheresoever the same are respectively used.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with the said duties, any horse belonging to any non commissioned officer or private fbi dier of any of the regiments of cavalry in his majesty's service, nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, belonging (o and kept for sale, and not for hire, in the stables of any dealer in horses ji cenfwd pursuant to this act j nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling puft, by the mile, or from stagcf to stage, or let to hire for a day, or less period of time, by any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person licensed for that purpose by the of appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said officers at the head office of stamps in London, or their respectire officers in the country, shall, and they are hereby required, within thirty days after payment of the duty hereby imposed, t6 affix a true copy of the register herein before directed to be kept) on the door of the church belonging to the parish where the person or persons keeping and using such horse or horses shall reside; and if any person shall reside in any extra parochial place, then on the door of the parish church next adjoining; and in which register or list so to be affixed, shall be irtfortod the name of the person, and the number of the horses so paid for by such person, and the times when the same were so paid: and if any person or persons shall designedly and wilfully tear down, obliterate, deface, or destroy, such register and lift so affixed as aforfesaid, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings for each and every offence, to bfe recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Clause relative

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where to persons who any persons shall have diverse places of residence, and shall keep at each such place any horse or horses chargeable with the duty by this act imposed, every such person shall, and is hereby required, within the space of one month after the payment of the said duties, if the same shall be paid at the head office in Lai dcny tp deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the (lamp officer in the market town nearest to such place of his or her residence, a duplicate of every such entry, or the register so made by such person, mentioning, at the foot of every such duplicate, the time when such original entry or register shall have been made, and the duties paid as aforesaid 3 upon pain that every such person

Copies of re g'iters to be affixed on church doors.

Penalty on defacing the m.

keep horses at diverse

places of ie (ijenfe.

784^1 ia'nncrvicefirho quarto Georgii III. c. 31. 54t

on neglecting to deliver such duplicate shall, for every such of*ease, forfeit the sum of forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shally be divided Penalties bow rnd distributed in manner following; that is to say, one moiety to be divided hereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons flhto shall inform and sue for the same. 3

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au '

hority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh

my justice of the peace residing near the place where the of touring juf

rence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offencer

igainst this ail $ which said justice of the peace is hereby autho fcnces again

rized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com this a

plaint paade in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and

ilfo the witnesses on either (ide, and shall examine into the

matter offact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the

voluntary confessiot* of the party, or by the oath of one or more

zredible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty'or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed,

and to award and issue out his warrants, under his hand

and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures Penalties majr

so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to ^jev^cd

be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six

days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where or theoffen

the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer commit

the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain tc

for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty

shall be sooner paid and satisfied: if any person or persons Persons ag

shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may

any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving;{£*

security to the amount of the value of such penalty and for om.

feiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such

judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace

at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, of

+place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness Persons (amor witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of onfd to ap the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, cither on the part of the prolocutor, or of the person or persons default, for accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and feit 40s.*place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refufiri, to be allowed & by such justice or justices of the peace before whom

the

r

54*

Justice maj mitigate pe

Duties to be paid to the receiver neral of

g€q(

samp duties, and by him paid into the exchequer

Auditor to provide a book for ert

tefeparafe1" rates an duties, anc Pa nt laid receipt as afore&jtf, thill

kn an (armivata onn arn rf f r/mh 11 Atnai* rtianioe rai nir

Anno vicesimo quirto G«PBAU m>£vg, s l7f4 the prosecution shall be depending; that then every such percoa shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such meins, as are hercia before directed as to ojher penalties.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, tc? mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reafomkic cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in flashing the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as futph mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lets than a moiety of thepe naldes incurred, over and above the said cods and charges; anything contained in this act, or any other ad of parfianra, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaui. That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the tiro being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, ?t*d paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of ratfing, paying, and accounting for the fatpe, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and In such manner, a the duties now charged on damned vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and fcepta. book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said jfcveftl

from all others.

Application

thereof.

be entered separate and apart from all other monies.paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccedbrs, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into th said rccrianot exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of fbc several annuities, and all such other charges and expeoces as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to arviud of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for rsfug a artatn sum oj money by way of anmi\tm % and far ijlfiblishibg a te ttry.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority Afpcafeid, That if any person or persons shall at any time ortip^sbefeed, may plead the moleded, or prosecuted for anything by him or them dope, «r general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or of any dause, wsatter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons (bail or cnay plead the general idiie, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a yerdid.fluh pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff ordain tiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant, p^defend's (bill have treble costs awarded to him or them against spefi pupmff or plaintiffs.

Defendants

nd have treble costs.

7$4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32-s-34. 543,

CAP. XXXII.

na to postpone the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced

&* the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the pplytot the service of the year One thousand seven hundred and cfgtity onfe.

Hft sf u Geo. % C do. and u Geo. 3. C a. recited. Repayment of the um of, ooa, ooool. to the bank postponed to Jan. 5, 1786^ Exchequer rilja rtttde out by virtue of this art to bear 3 percent, interest, until that period. Bills so issued not to be received again in payment of taxes; nor rx changed before Jan. 5, 1786. Action hot to he for fucti refund, rri*.

and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of any supplies to be granted for the year 1785; or charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so jtued to be replaced out of the first supplies.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of itaoney by loans or exchequer hills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Comm i (Boners of the treasury jmay raise 1, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1785, as by malt tax a ft of last session, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Cap. xxxiv.

An act for the relief of the east-india company with respect to the payment of certain sums due to the public, Uni to the acceptance of terrain bills drawn upon the foetid company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the said company.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England preamble.

trading to the East Indies, on and at sundry times before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, became and now Jiand indebted to his Majesty, for duties of customs on goods imported, in fwufiy sums of money, amounting together to the sum of nine hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds five shillings and twopence, after making certain deductions'and allowances to which, by lawj the said company are entitled,

ant due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on Avhiih the same became due \ and the said company also stani indebted 'to his Majesty in the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds,

1obich became dice on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, for the lost payment appointed to have been mddi in respect of the sum of four kindred thousand pounds, mentioned in an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Afajeflj9 intituled An for establishing an agreement with Recital of 11 the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Geo. j. C 65. Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satis taeftion of all claims and demands of the public from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first dqy of March, one thousand'

' by

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. [1784.

thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and/reeenues jajely obtained in the Eqjfi Indies, and also for securing to the public in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear.revenues and profits of the said company and for gramme ing to the said company, for a further term, the foie, and cxdu five trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in jnea as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the said company: end whereas by the said act, made in, the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was, amongst aether things, enabled, That, from and after the first day of March, tu thousand seven hundred and eighty one, far and during fa long time as the said united company, under the authority of that act Should be entitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and trqffick in, to, and from the East Indies, and places in the said all mentioned, the whole clear profits arifehg from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending; the same, together tenth all the clear revenues and profits of the fold company, after providing for the current payment of interest, and other cut goings, charges, and expenses of the said company, Should, from time Co time, be disposed of and applied in manner therein and herein after mentioned y (that is to say) j it Should be lawful for the said united company to set apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, futb sum as Should be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said united company of thru millions two hundred thousand pounds $ and in case there Should remain a surplus of the said clear revenues and profits above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annum, so to be retained by the said united company as aforesaid, three fourth parts of such fscrpbu profits Should be set apart and applied for the use of the public, and the remaining one fourth part thereof flyuld be reserved and retained by the said united company for their own ufeand it was thereby further enacted, That it Should be lawful for the said united company to apply such money as they were therein before authorised to retain to tktmjehcs, and also other money in the said all mentioned, in Use payment of dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said united company, net exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten billings per centum per annum; provided the bond debt of the said company did not at any such time exceed one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided that they did not inertafe the present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum, more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year: and, in order to after tain the yearly net profits arising from the said united company's. trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company Should cause to be made out yearly, for each and every year, during the term theft in mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the safe would admit, a fiatement of the profits and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a fiou of the debts of the said united company in England, ran the first dar

545

784, 1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34.

r March in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding ?ar; which aid dceoimt was to he figfied and delivered to the com iij]ioners of his Majestfs' treasury, or the high treasurer for the xme being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas, pursuant to the said act) such statement as therein is mentioned of the pt'ofit and lost pon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company ath been annually made up dnd delivered to the of of hit vfaje/tfs treasury; and by the la ft of such accounts, made up from he first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty thret

0 the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty our, tt appears, that after debiting and bringing forward the deft iencies of former years, and the said dividend of eight pounds pec entum, allowed to be retained by the company, there was a deficiency on the said account, up to the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-jour, of the sum of one hundred forty-one % housand nine hundred and forty-one pounds: and whereas, besides '.he said debts due tt his Majesty, as aforesaid, the said company have been allowed to inctebft their bond debt to the amount of five hundred 'boufand pounds, over and above the sum of one million five hundred 'housand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign \ and the said company also Jland indebted in the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, lent and advanced to them upon fuhdry exchequer bills, which will become due and payable on the fxth day of April, one thou fond seven hundred and eighty six, the same having been made out and delivered to the said company, pursuant to an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his t>rejent Majesty, intituled An act for granting relief to the united Recital of company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by Geo. allowing further tihie for the payment of certain sums due, and to become doe to the public, and by advancing to the said company, on the terms therein mentioned, a certain sum of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on East India goods; by which said act it was tnafled. That, until the debts therein and herein before mentioned to be dtie to his Majesty Should be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be agatn reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payment of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and exp cnees of the said compatiy, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said company, as they flmld be in titled or allowed to make, receive; and take, Should, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say); in the first place, in diminution and payment of said debts due to his Majesty until the same Should be fully patd\ and afterwards, in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred

i thousand

4$ Anno viotrfinw 111*. (fcrftt

thousand pounds and inured, and defraying tfofkawi) Weml

in respeff thereof', and then, in redyeing the bond, debt

company until the same Should be to one milieu five bunk.ti

thousand pounds: and wherea, and befidos said dehs&dutu

his Majesty, the said increased bond, and the fold exchequer Ms,

sundry bills of exchange have been drawn upon the court if of the said united company from their different presidendfs and ftllk mentsin India, to the amount of one million six hundred and meats thousand pounds, or thereabouts, over and the fafforyat China, and over and besides the thousand pounds a year in bills f allowed to be aueputtei

paid by the court of dir effort of the said company of their owneolb rity, and other bills of exchange are expeffed to be drama apt tie said court of direffors: and whereas it is expedient that a finite reasonable time Should be allewed to the cempany the payments the debts due as aforesaid, on of their profits,

beyond a reasonable dividend to the proprietors, being appropriated to such payments, at f aft as the same shall auy

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, atfd by the|u commission thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful od (ot r* of the the of of his majesty's treasury for the time being, t"*furt may or any three or more of them, to poflpoae and show fortha company6fur time fr te payment of the said sum of nine hundred and there time for twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds payment of Shillings and twopence, which became due for.custonas pt/uch the rums due several times as herein before are mentioned; and of tbt W lick but not sum°f one hundred thousand pounds, which became due on beyond Jan. the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and i, 17ss. eighty one, or any part or parts of the said several (urn rtfjnc tively, unto such time or times as they shall think: fit, m beyond the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred tad eighty six; and if the said united company do and (had ptj the said sums respectively, at such time or times to which tk (lid payments, or any part thereof, respectively shall bepotj poned as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received ta like manner as if the said furns respectively had been psidpust before the several and respective days on which the (bid ism became due; and the said united company, upon fiicl^pj* ment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and do charged from all damages, interest, and Losses, which they U came liable to by means of not having made the said p«ys*b respectively at the several times on which the same bscasaedw; and shall be intitled unto, and have the same discoont*, hances, and advantages, as if the said sums re(pe&ivdy hsdfeffl paid on or before the (cveral and respective dayton which, tkj became due; anything in any act or acts of parliaoteat to yty tyife notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted bj ihe authority..afot^ud i Tim

ry&yj aan^v&fcfi^ c. 34; £47

Phat It shall and (nay be lawful to and for the court of direct directorswith, nrsof thfe fald doited company, by and with the consent and confer of probation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury sot of he time being, or any three or more of them, to accept and f^yvc af the said bills of exchange drawn and to be drawn upon cept certain hem as aforesaid, at such time or times respectively, and upon bills of ex tich terms and conditions, and with such interest, as the faict change, C rdmmilwoness of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or iny three or vmore of them, shall think fit, and shall allow by periring under their hands.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said priority in rommissioners of the treasury, in so adjusting and settling the payment of >ayrtlthts t>f the said bills of exchange, shall give a priority in such bills, tie respective payments, according as the same would have ac hoi b.c. "rued if the said bills had been discharged in regular course; dueju C

egard therein being had to the several dates of the said bills, to

: he times when the same were severally tendered for acceptance, m.d. to the respective periods in which they were originally made payable.

IV. And, in order to make proper provision, and give security to > he creditors of the said company for we payment of the said debts, be

t fdrther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the The clear re said debts due to his Majesty, and the said bills of exchange, to venues and be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, Profit of shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, t^pj^ied in borrowed on the said exchequer bills, repaid, and the bond manner tol debt of the said company be again reduced to one million five lowing t httadfedlhoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial aequisitions and revenues, after defraying the rharges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after pro? vidiflg for the said bills of exchange to be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, together with the current payment of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, shall, from time to time, bedisposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say,) it (hay For making it and may be lawful to and for the said united company to set dividend of apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such g Perceot.* fern a a shall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, ^r prl* i»pon the capital stock of the said united company of three*milhorts two hundred thousand pounds; and the said company shall and may, from time to time, make dividends to the pro phfettfrs of the stock of the said company, not exceeding the rltfe of eight pounds per centum per annum, notwithstanding any (King contained in the said recited acts, or either of them; and, rfr the nefet place, the said clear profits shall be applied in pay n payment # ftients of the said debts due to his Majesty, and the said three the debts due mrtvdfed thousand pounds, borrowed upon the said exchequer to his Majesty, bills, and the interest and charges thereof; and from and after C such payments as aforesaid shall be made, then in diminutitrti and payment of the bond debt of the said company, amtil the^'

same '

4*

Deficiency in the annual account, ending March V 178^, to be carried forward at a charge in the account of the present year.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C

same shall be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; and from and after such reduction of the said bond debt, such division of the said profits between the public and the said united company shall again take place and be resumed, as is mentioned in the said a of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said deficiency of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one pounds, appearing in the said annual account made up to the fird day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be carried forward as a charge in the account of the present year; and in case any deficiency shall appear in the account of any subsequent year, during the continuance of the participation between the public and the company, mentioned in the said a of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, such deficiency shall, from time to time, be carried forward to, and charged in, the account of the then next year.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to empower the bishop of London for the time beings or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacn. or priejiy per font being fubiesh or citizens of countries out of his Majestfs dominions, without requiring them to fate the oath of allegiance as appointed by law.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by the laws of this realm every person who shall be admitted to holy orders is to take the oath of ailegianie in manner thereby provided; and whereas there are diverse per1fens, Subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majestfs dominions, inhabiting and residing within the said countries, who profess the public worship of almighty God according to the liturgy of that church of England, and are deftrous that the word of God and the sacraments, Should continue to be administered unto them accord the bishop of to fim liturgy, by subjectsor citizens of the said countries London, or ordained according to the form of ordination in the church of eng any other bi land; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by shop by him and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem ma^admit porau an commons, in this present parliament artembled, alienstothe anc ty authority of the same, That, from and after the order of dea passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the bi con or priest, ship of London for the time being, or any other bishop by him r^wn uthec*r to^app°'ntcc*to admit to the order of deacon or pried, for the oatito/aue purposes aforesaid, persons being subjects or citizens of countries

fience. cut of his majesty's dominions, without requiring them to

'ersons so or take the oath of allegiance.

dained, not to

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That no per office in his f°n» Gained n tl1c manner herein before provided only, shall Majesty's do be thereby enabled to exercise the office of deacon or pried minions. within his majesty's dominions.

III PIC

tp84»3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. <?, 3^. 549

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the The name letters testimonial of such orders, there shall be inserted the nd country, name of the person so oretained, with the addition of the coun peer'fonordain* try whereof he is a subject or citizen, and the further descripti ed to be in on of his not having taken the said oath of allegiance, being ferted in the exempted from the obligation of so doing by virtue of this act.

CAP. XXXVI.

Am oft sot repeating the present duties upon toast candles maii in Great Britain; and for granting, in lieu thereof, other duties upon vase candles made in Great Britain, and upon wax imported, and upon licences to make or sell wax candles in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, (An act for laying Rccitai Ja certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon moneys to s Anne, C 9. be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raising her majesty supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, ampng other things, during the term of five years from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ten, a duty of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdupois was imposed on oil candles of wax, or usually called or sold for wax candles, (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith,) which Should be made in Great Britain; and by another act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for reviving, and9 Annej continuing, and appropriating, certain duties upon several C commodities to be exported C and certain duties upon coals to be water born and carried coastwise j and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty-two years, to raise fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful lotteries, and such insurance offices, as re therein mentioned,) an additional duty of fourpence for every sound weight avoirdupois was, during thirty-two years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eleven, imposed on all candles of wax, or ufuftlly called or sold for wax candles, (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith)) Should pe made in Great Britain; which said duties of four pente per pound, and fourpence per pound, have since, by other acts of parliament, been continued for ever: and whereas the fraudulent practice of making wax candles in secret and obscure places, without payment of duty, has of late greatly increased, to the prejudice of the fair trader, and the injury of the revenuf, 1

which fraudulent practice cannot so effectuolly be prevented as by lowering the duties on wax candles made in Great Britain, and by imposing an additional duty on all wax imported into Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual aid temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflerabled,

Vol. XXXIV P p % and

55b Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36. [1784.

F i oin Sept. 1, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the 1784, thidu -- ciay of September, one thousand seven hundred and cun dletto* eighty-four, the aforesaid duties of fourpence, and fourpence,

ecafe. for every pound weight avoirdupois on all candles of wax, or

usually called or sold for wax candles, made in Great Britamy shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any of the aforesaid duties which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture incurred before or upon the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

a it' it d Ik Andy to the intent that no deficiency may happen, by the de thereof, the termination of the said duties, in the respective funds to which theft following du duties were appropriated, be it further enacted by the authority ties shall be aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, paid, vide his heirs and successors, the several duties herein after mention lcct* edj that is to say;

For all wax For and upon all wax which, after the said first day of sep imported, tembery shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Greet after Sept, i, Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and other duties tien^daty of a^rca^y imposed thereupon, the sum of twopence for every ad. per 7 pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or pound. lesser quantity; the said duty for and upon all imported wax to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the same:

For all wax And lhah h raised, levied, collected, and paid to his candles made Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon ail candles in Great Bri of wax, or usually called or sold for wax candles, not with tam, a duty of (landing the mixture of any other ingredients therewith,) pouncl which, after the said first day of September, shall be made in F*Great Britahy the sum of threepence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: And for sper And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his maceti can Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all candles made dies, 3d. per of spermaceti, or usually called or sold for spermaceti candles, pound. (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith,) which, after the said first day of September, shall be made in Great Britain, the sum of threepence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or Icffer quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiih},

New duty up That the said duty upon imported wax by this act granted, ported^o^be* a^rtained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and an jfevied and re fwered, by such rules, ways, and means, and under such pe covered in the nalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form as the same manner present duties upon wax imported are, by any law or Statute duties.prclent now n force>to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, or answered.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

C That

I

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georg 11ilf. C 36. 551

"That the duties by this at imposed upon wax imported, shall The duties besubjetf and liable to the additional duties or imports of five upon wax i, n pounds per centum, ?nd five pounds per centum, severally impof jiab^to the^ ed by the acts respectively made in the nineteenth and twenty additional 5 iecond years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon the proper cents, im duce and amount thereof; and that such additional duties or pof«d by 19 imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, C^and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imports are, by the said acts of the nineteenth and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign, directed to be collected and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of, the duties imposed by this act upon imported wax And shall be IBS shall arise in England, jvalesy and the town of Berwick upon ot

Tweed, shall be under the management of the of commifli* and officers of the customs in England; and such of the duties oners of cuf* imposed by this act upon imported wax as shall arise in Scotland toms, shall be under the management of the of and officers of the customs in Scotland; and all the moneys arising by and be paid the duties imposed by this act on wax imported into Great Bri into ihe ex tainy (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for thecbe<fuer" Tame excepted,) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majest/s exchequer at Westminster, and ate hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one moiety thereof to the same Application uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, thereof, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed, by the aforesaid act of the eighth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in 'such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed, by the said act of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied

VI. Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the exportation of any wax from this Exporters of kingdom to any port or place beyond the seas as merchandise, wax which the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of the has pad tl, e^duties paid upon the importation of such wax, by virtue of this aufjmo* adfc, which drawback or allowance shall be made in such man be allowed a ner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfei drawback of tures, in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, the payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of

wax, was, could, or might be made before the passing this adh

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that all such candles of wax, or usually called or sold for wax Candles seized candles, as, from and after the first day of September, one thou for nonpay. sand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be seized on impor, ?ent du "tation or otherwise, and be legally condemned for nonpayment bfok°n

P P 2 9i'>

552 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36.

[17*4.

of the duties thereon, shall, immediately after such condemnation, be broken, or otherwise defaced, and rendered uofit for

use.

M,

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

candle made aforesaid, That the duties by this act imposed for and upon au in Great Bri wax candles made in Great Britain, shall, from time to time, t, ain, to be lebe raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such covered th ways anc means an un<^er such management, and under such famyma'nner* Penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and a the former mitigating penalties, and forfeitures, and with such power of duties. making compoiuions and other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such method, manner, and form, as the duties upon candles made in Great Britain, granted by the aforesaid acts of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, are by those acts, or Powers of the by any law or Statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to ad*ofsand be raised, received, levied, recovered, or secured; and that9Antic, C the said acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers in execubcmc authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein con of this act. tained, or thereby referred unto, or since enacted, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the duties upon candles made in Great Britain thereby granted, are by force of this act continued, and shall be practised and put in execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the duties on wax candles made in Great Britain hereby granted, and for making allowances out of the same, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present act.

From Sept. 1,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1784. a duty That, from and after the said first day of September, there shall eve^unto Majesty> his heirs and successors, a duty of licence for ve pounds for every licence to be taken out, in manner herein making wax after mentioned, by every person making wax candles or sper or spermaceti maceti candles within Great Britain; and a duty of five hill candles, and jngs for, every licence to be taken out, in manner herein after isc^cefor*1^ mentioned, by every person whatsoever trading in or selling selling the re wax candles or spermaceti candles wirhin Great Britain. of X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

The inland That the several duties by this act imposed upon wax candles duties to be and upon spermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and licen posts dpc per ces to trac, e nor^wax cane*les or spermaceti candles, shall cent, imposed be subject and liable to the additional duties or imposts of five by 19 Geo. 3. pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per C5, 11 centumy severally imposed by the acts respectively made in the

t*geo/5*0. n*netc^nth, twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign 66, upon the' of his present Majesty, upon the produce and amount there amountthere of; and that such additional duties or imposts of five pounds^per centvmy five pounds per centumy and five pounds per centum

shall bt raised, levied, collected, and paid, iti the same many ner,

st

1 84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3

er, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional luties or imposts are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty irft, and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign di ected to be collected and paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Sept, i. That, from and after, the said first day of September, no person ^nfo^aktor r persons whatsoever who now doth, or at any time hereafter sell wax or hall make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti spermaceti randies, shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any >rher person employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or ou a nc*heir benefit, either publicly or privately, to make, trade in, hr sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first tak ng out a licence in manner herein after mentioned, before he,

(he, or they shall make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles; and such person shall, immediately upon taking out such licence, pay down for the same respectively the sum of money after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of five Licence for pounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti can making. 51, dies, and the sum of five Shillings for a licence to trade in or forfeiting, 5s. fell wax candles, or spermaceti candles; and, if such licences At what shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise places licences. in London, then such licence shall be granted under the hands arctobetaken and seals of two or more of his Majesty's of for the out duties of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the respective duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; and if such licences shall be taken out in any part of England or tvaksy not within the said limits, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors or supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the re foective duty of five pounds or five Shillings shall be paid for such licences to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and in case such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland, for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the respective duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; and if such licences shall be taken out in any other part of Scotland without the limits aforesaid, then?

such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and iupervifors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the respective duties for the same shall be paid to the collectors of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are here by respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such

P p 2^licences

vjock^ic y

Dually,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgiliii. C 36. [1784.

licences respectively to the persons who shall 'apply for the same, upon payment of five pounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or upon payment of five Shillings for a licence to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Licences to be That every person or persons who shall takeout any such licence renewed anas aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence,

ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they pretume to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles, and in the same manner shall renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of five pounds for every new or renewed licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and the like sum of five Shillings for every new or renewed licence to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles, in manner and at the places and times before mentioned; and if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of September, presume or offer to make any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first taking out a licence for making the same, or to trade in or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first taking out a licence for trading in or selling the same, and without renewing such respective licence yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XIII. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and not obli td to carryin8 on l^e*r trace or business of making or of trading in or take°out*more filing wax candles or spermaceti candles in one house or shop than one LI only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence for

making, or more than one licence for selling, in any one year; and that no licence granted by virtue of this a(hail authorise any person or persons to make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles, in any other house or place than such house, or places thereto belonging, wherein, he, she, or they shall dwell at the time of granting such licence.

XIV. Provided also, That no person that shall take out a licence for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and shall pay the said duty of five pounds for the same for one year, shall be obliged to take out a licence for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles, or to pay the said duty of five Shillings during the same year; but it shall be lawful for such person or persons so taking out such licence for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and paying the said duty for the same, to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles during the year he, she, or they shall be so licensed to make the same, without taking out any other licence for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as are charged upon licences in Englcndy jvaleiy or the town of Berwick upsn Tweedy shall be under

Every person who shall make or sell such candles without taking out a licence, or renewing the same, to forfeit 201.

Persons in partnership

ceuce, C

Persons who have taken

out a licence for making such candles, may sell the same without any other licence.

Dmies on licences to be

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 364

ander the management of the of and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in England; and such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland \ and all the moneys arising by the said licences, and by the duties by this act imposed upon wax candles or spermaceti randies made in Great Britain (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at ^estminster y and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed by the aforesaid act of the eighth year of que?n jlnne^ upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed by the aforesaid} act of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xfiat all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by any at, Statute, or law, made and now in force, relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the excise or inland duty or duties upon candles, or upon any licences granted by the commissioners of excise or inland duties, shall be practised, used, 'and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties by this act imposed upon wax candles and upon spermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and licences for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty'heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced a

JP p 4 gainst

555

under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer. Application thereof.

All the powers and penalties in former as relative to the inland duties on candles, to be in force in the execution of this a.

Penalties and

forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Limit a tic actions.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37.

[1784! gainst any person or persons for any matter or thing by him, her, or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act such actcion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such General utue, altion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this at; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Treble cofti. ave tr^le costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. xxxvii.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of fojiage for conveyance of litters and packets, by, the poji, within the kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in Utters and packets; and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from postage.

[Preamble.]

From Alight, 1784., the following additional rate of postage to be taken for all letters and packets in Great Britain' videlicet.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that It may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all such letters and packets which he shall coq vey, carry, or send post within the kingdom of Great Britain, according to the several rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, the same being rated by the letter or by the ounce, in addition to all other rates and duties, now payable for the conveyance of letters and packets by the post within the said kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in force; that is to lay;

V For

!4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 557

'or the port and conveyance of every Angle letter, so con For one posted or carried by the post as aforesaid, not exceeding one fta8c sin, e Die post stage from the office where such letter may be put leur within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of one ny:

"or every double letter, twopence: Double, d.

ror every treble letter, threepence; Treble, jd.#

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro Ounce wt. Id. tien for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con Two p°ft

ed or carried by the post above one post stage, and not ex

eding two post stages, from the office where such letter pay £n|je ict^r#

put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain id.

led England, the sum of one penny: Double, sd

Tot every double letter, twopence: Treble, 3d.

For every treble letter, thrte pence: Ounce wt.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro tien for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con Eighty miles t ed or carried by the post above two post stages, and not ex smer9 ding eighty English miles, distant from the office where such er may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of eat Britain called. England, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter, twopence: Double, d.

For every treble letter, threepence: Treble, 3d.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro? ouncewt.|d. 'tien for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con

red or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not, d. 9

reeding one hundred and fifty English miles distant from the

ce where such letter may be put in, within that part of the

i kingdom of Great Britain called England, the sum one

iny:

For every double letter, twopence: Double, td.

For every treble letter threepence # d.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro Ounce wt*4<l

>tien for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And. for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con ab°tei*°l red or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty eng miles distant from the office where such letter may be put within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called gland, the sum of twopence:

For every double letter, fourpence: Double, 4d.

For every treble letter, sixpence; Treble, 6d.

And for every ounce in weight, eight pence; and foin pro Ounce wt«sd. 'tien for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port or conveyance of every single letter, con From London red or carried by the ]oft from the general post office in the to Edinburgh, / of London, unto the city of Edinburgh, in that part of eat Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said generallctwr# L ft office in the said city of London, and to and from Dumfries

and

Double, sd. Treble, 3d. Ounce wt.4d.

Fifty English miles, (in Scotland j) single letter, id.

Double, ick Treble, 3d. Ounce wt. 4th

Eighty miles; single letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce'wt. 4d.

150 milee; fiigle letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce, wt.4d.

Abate 1 50 toiler, Angle letter, id.

Double, 4d. Treble, 6d. Ounce wt. Sd.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37* [1784.

and Cockburnfpeth, and between either of those places and the said city of Edinburgh, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter twopence:

every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed, or carried by the post above one port stage, and not exceeding fifty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter, twopence:

For every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce io weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed or carried by the post above fifty English miles, and not exceeding eighty English miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny;

For every double letter, twopence:

For every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of ore penny:

For every double letter, twopence:

every treble letter, threepence:

for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and (bin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty Eng iish miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of twopence:

For every double letter, fourpence i For every treble letter, sixpence:

And for every ounce in weight, eight pence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs deeds, or other things.

heftrtfttom

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no letter relative to or packet (not passing through London,) to or from Glasgow, or leucrstoor the intermediate places by the way of Carlisle, shall pay an frorng a gow, higher rat€ Of p0ftage than if the same had passed through Edinburgh, to or from Glasgow; and that no letter of packet, passing to or from Edinburgh, or any intermediate places in England and Scotland north of Landau mall be subject to an higher rate of, postage

559.

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37' stage than seven pence for a Angle letter, and foin pro >rtion.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no tter or packet, together with the contents thereof, shall be xed or rated at an higher rate of postage, according to the tes and duties granted by any former act or acts of parliament, or by this present act, than as a treble letter, unless the me shall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and ackets of the weight of one ounce shall be rated as four Angle tters, and foin proportion for every quarter of an ounce above the weight of one ounce, reckoning each quarter of an unceas a Angle letter.

IV. Andy for the prevention of frauds on the revenue, by the im ir tat ion into this kingdom, in letters or packets sent by the pofly of oods which are prohibited to be importeiy or on the importation r which a duty is payable; be it further enacted, That from and fter the passing of this act, whenever any foreign letter or acker, containing any enclosure, shall be received at any of the ffices of the general poll office, it shall and may be lawful for ny of the officers employed in the said office to carry such let er or packet to any justice of peace, or other magistrate for the own, district, or county, in which such office shall be Atuate, nd to make oath before such magistrate, that he suspects the ame to contain goods which are prohibited to be imported, or n the importation of which a duty is payable; and it shall hen be lawful for him, in the presence of the said magistrate, to rut with a penknife in and through the folds of the said letter r packet, and its enclosure or enclosures, one opening or slit not exceeding two inches ih length; and if it shall then appear to the said magistrate that any such goods as aforesaid ire contained therein, he shall proceed forthwith to open the said letter or packet, and shall immediately, in presence of the said officer, destroy such goods; and in such case, the magistrate shall enclose such letter or packet in a cover, in which shall be written an attestation Agned by him, containing the name of the officer by whom such letter or packet shall have been brought to him, the time of its been so brought, and the quantity and description of the goods found therein, and attesting that the same were then by him destroyed, and shall deliver the said letter or packet so inclosecj, and also sealed by him, to the said officer, to be by him forwarded to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, who shall, on the receipt thereof, cause to be paid to the said officer any furt not exceeding Ave pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if, on making such opening as aforesaid in such letter or packet, no such goods shall be found therein, the said magistrate shall then enclose the same in a cover, with an attestation Agned by him, that the opening in such letter or packet was maae in his presence, and shall deliver the same, sealed up, to the said officer, to be transmitted by the ordinary course of the pod to the person or persons to

whom

No letter under one ounce to be charged higher than at a treble letter

Directions relative to foreign letters suspected of containing prohibited goods, Sees

If any such goods found therein they are to be destroyed.

If no such goods are found, the magistrate shall indofe the letter in a cover, with a proper at tcttatioa.

C 37* c«784-j

directed when n

l»c that nrt '

Mot to extend to the penny

K

Act Geo. 3,

C Sf

Meftinftione relative to franking let i by mem

Whit letters directed to members of

empted from poluge.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL G

whom such letter or packet shall have been directed was received at the post office: provided always, That no additional postage shall be charged on any such letter or packet ur consequence of these proceedings, nor shall any letter or packet*be detained thereby beyond the due and regular course of the post, except in cases of the most urgent necessity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise to affect the rates or sums to be paid for letters or packets passing by the carriage called Tot Penny Post.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the several provisions made m an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majestjx intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free firoha the duty of postage, diverse persons have presumed to counterfeit the handwritings and otherwise fraudulently to make use of the names ef members of parliament in thefuperscription of letters and packets seat by the post, with intent to avoid the payment of the dutg of postage \ order therefore to put the more effectual (lop to these frauds and abuses, be it further enacted, That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office, or post office, or office of postmaster general, shall continue to be carried to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, no letter or packet, fern by the pod from any place whatsoever within the kingdom of Great Britans directed by any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain, shall be exempted from paying the doty of postage according to the rates established by the several assis of parliament now in force, and by this present act, unless the whole superscription upon every letter or packet so fern shall be of the hand writing of the member directing the same, and shall have endorsed thereon the name of such member, together with the name of the post town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the day, month, and year, when the same shall be to be put into the post office, the day of the month to be in words at length, and the whole to be of the hand writing of the member 5 and also unless every such letter or packet shall be put into the general post office, or other post office, or into any receiving house or place appointed by his majesty's postmaster general for the receipt of letters and packets to be forwarded by the post, on the day of the date'put upon such letter or packet; and no letters or packets directed to any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage, unless such letters and packets as shall, during the sitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the same, be directed to any such member at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at his usual place of residence in London or

at

34.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 561

the house of parliament, or the lobby of the house of parlia nt, of which he is a member.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the several persons who, by Personrwho, tue of any at or hdts of parliament, are authorised, in right by virtue of their respective offices and employments, to send and receive their CC ters free from the duty of pottage, and their successors in such tovnd and [ices and employments, shall and may, during their cohtinu receive letters ce in such offices and employments, respectively send and re duty free, ive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage, in the j? northeast manner, and under such restrictions, as any member of de^hc°(arae" her house of parliament may send and receive the same in restrictions as irfuance of this act; and shall and may respectively send and members of ceive votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspa parliament, rrs, free from the duty of pottage in such and the like mane it as any member of either house of parliament may send and ceive the same; provided always, That nothing herein con Not to extend ined shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the delivery to the penny: letters or packets sent or conveyed by the carriage called The 'enny Post.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person whatso Penalty on ver shall, from and after the end of this present session of par counterfeiting ament, forge or counterfeit the hand writing of any person ^reit|ng rhatsoever, in the superscription of any letter or packet to be anypmonin: nt by the post, in order to avoid the payment or the duty of the feper ostage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure feription of

0 be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date upon the fu to^valio

erfeription of any such letter or packet, or shall write and send duty of

y the post, or cause to be written and sent by the post, any pottage.

etter or packet, the superscription or cover whereof shall be

orged or counterfeited, or the date upon such superscription or

over altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of post

ige, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered;

very person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due

brm of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be

ransported for seven years.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to bs luties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, paid to the nto the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the receiver ge joft office, who shall pay out of such rates and duties (the northeast office j: e(tary charges of cohering, paying, and accounting for the and by him ame being first deduced) the full, clear, and entire weekly sum paid into th )f two thousand three hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great c*c*ie(lucr* Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes in

his act mentioned, upon Tuesday in every week, if it be not an loliday, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an holy day, as one week shall successively and immediately follow and succeed another; the first of the said weekly payments to begin ind be made on Tuesday the thirtieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case the rates and duties hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the said weekly payments hereby directed to be made, that thm

A book to be provided by the auditor, in which the weekly payments shall be entered separate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Defendants may plead the general issue,

and shall have treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quarto geo^gi! 111. C 38.

[17 & 4.

and so pften the deficiency and deficiencies thereof shall be plied and made good out of the whole receipt of the rates aal duties of postage; and in case the rates and duties hereby pm ed shall be more than sufficient to answer the said weekly p menu, that then, and so often as it shall so happen, the over plus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Da as the present rates and duties of postage are respectively of by law made applicable.

XI. And, to the end the said weekly sum of two ob&afand thru hundred pounds may be made a fund or security for the purposes berm expressed; be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys which (hi! be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon account of the&k rbtas and duties, shall be entered separate, apart, and drffis i from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, feu heirs and (uccessors, upon any account whatsoever and tn said weekly, payments shall be a fund for the payment of tbr several annuities and all such other charges and expenses as it: directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this prt sent session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a cerus\ sum of money by way of annuities, and for efiauishing a lottery.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tonnes shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or protected, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the genenl issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or thsr defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, then such defendant or defendants shall bar; treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting n his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties CI inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and uf see; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Most gracious Sovereign, j

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several rates and duties upon tea, expe/a for sale.in these kingdoms, amount together to so anfsderabi a sum, in proportion to the value of that commodity, as to afford greoi encouragement to the fraudulent importation thereof, and baveeontri< buted greatly to other illicit practises highly detrimental to the revenue and of dangerous eonftqtuntes to the public, the prevention oftubu i is become an object of theutmofl importance; we, your Majesty most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons ot Great Britan, in parliament assembled, do therefore think it wopjd be for tin

advantage

r74.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 3#;

idvantage of the public to repeal the several duties in^pofeft

jpon tea, and in lieu thereof to grant unto your Majesty the several new duties herein after.mentioned: and we do most

lumbly beseech your Majesty that it pray he enacted; and be it

inadied by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the

tdvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com

nons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho

ity of the same, That from and after the fifteenth day of Sep From Sept. 1$,

ember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the feve 17841 thedu

alrates, duties, and other impositions upon tea imported, sold,

r used in this kingdom, shall ccafe, determine, and be no m* onger paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the united company of merchants of England trading to east-india le East Indies shall be, and they are hereby discharged, of and company dif om the payment of all duties whatsoever, by any aa or aas ^men/of"1 eretoforc imposed upon all tea, the property of the said united Saties on wa ompany, which shall, on the said fifteenth day of September, in their ware northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, remain in the houses, cat arehouses of the said company in Great Britain, under the that Period >ck, or in the custody of the officers of his Majesty revenue, aving charge theredf.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

'hat upon all tea which, from and after the said fifteenth day For all tea'September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall delivered by 5 delivered to the buyers thereof by the said united company, the company tere shall be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and succes chasm^sare rs, by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea, a duty of twelve Of afer that >unds ten Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross period, there ices at which such tea shall behold j which duty shall be paid, f the said purchaser or purchasers, to the said united com ny, at such time or times as shall by the conditions of such'*

es, be from time to time appointed for payment of the price

such tea, to the said united company; and that the said ited company shall at all times, together with the proper ofr ers of the customs, make up an account of twelve pounds

I Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross pricea which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the col or inwards of his majesty's customs, within thirty days after

j expiration of each quarterly sale, which duty shall be which shall bn lin drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea drawn back any place where a drawback of the duties is now allowed crt law.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore 1, That all tea upon which the duty hereby imposed shall Ail tea ia: have been paid, and which, from and after the said fifteenth oeil ^8rc* '

'of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, scprvc,*1784,

II be entered for exportation to any place where a drawback for which the be duties is allowed bylaw, shall and may be delivered from duty shall not h warehouse wherein the same shall be secured as aforesaid

that purpose, free of any duty, subject to the same rules, tered for ex"

regulations.

64 Amo vicesim* quarto Ghorqh II C 38.

f20* regulations redricuons, securities, penalties, ancf (brfeim^s, ( vmdfronthe !n ot^er refac<^s> to which such tea would j\ave been |ghk warehouses^duty thereon had been paid and drawn back as hetea free of duty before directed.

V. And whereas it is just and reasonable that the saisi uujmrsm panyshould, in tonsideration, of the great benefit which may refill*their commerce from the reauttion of duties hereby mt^de^ contpkk their utmost endeavours for securing to; the publics the full jntfj which willarife from an immediate and permanent reduction offrit; Direction for be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thej&id the company united company shall, as soon as maybe after the pa&ogof

their tides of aput UP and cxpo( to public sale, at the lead, file tau millions of pounds weight of tea; and shall, in likemaimer, t

some other time before the thirty first day of t>ece/nber % one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, make another tide, t which they shall, in the like manner, put up, at the tea&^ivo millions five hundred thousand pounds weight of tea; and dujl thenceforward continue, to make, at the lead, four falesin^eq year, and, as near as conveniently may be, at e^al di&acst of time, and shall put up at such (ales such quantities ofvtca is shall be judged sufficient to supply the demand; and that it each and every such sale, the tea so put up shall be sold without. reserve to the highed bidder, provided an advance of one pew per pound shall be bid upon the prices at which the lame dull Rest nation of be put up; and that at the four first Tales, which shall be aide the prices put after the passing of this act, the prices at which the said

four fates* Pul up an CXP°^ to fl shall not exceed the following rates, videlicet,

Bohea, is«7d.

per pound; For bohea tea, one shilling and seven pence per pound;

Congo, ss. 5d. For ^jngo tea, two Shillings and five pence per pound;

6ouchoog, For fouchong tea, three Shillings and threepence per pound* For bn§'° tea t*ircc Shillings and threepence per pound;

hyfon*r/i<h For bylon tea, four Shillings and eleven pence per pound:

Restriction at nd lat il not be, at any time hereafter, lawful for the

all future bud united company to put up their tea for sale at any pikes

tides. which shall, upon the whole of the tea so put up at any

sale, exceed the prime cod thereof, with the freight and charge of importation, together with lawful interest from the time of the arrival of such tea in Great Britain, and the common premium of insurance, as a compensation for the fca risk incunfd Company to thereon; and that the said united company shall from time to ftoct o/tea^ t'mc enc ot&cn fr purchase of suchiquantities of tea, and in their ware, provide sufficient ships to import the same, as, being added houses, CC the (lock in their warehouses, and to the quantities ordered a(ii not arrived, shall amount to a sufficient supply for the keeptv a dock at lead equal to one year's consumption, according to the Tales of the lad preceding year, always beforehand; ayd that the said united company mall, from time to time, layt* fore the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treafory

for

4-3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIs. C 3^ 56$

the time being, copies of the accounts and estimate9 upoit; h such orders for importation, or prices for sale, or quatl s put up to sale, shall be grounded, whenever such order[

[ sent out, or such Tales made, or as often as they shall ailed upon for the fame, by the said lord high treasurer, of three or mdre of the said of of the treasury fdt time beifig.

I. And u)hereas9 for (hi relief of all fierfoni now possessd of ted bt of the said united company, but regaining in their warehousei roresaid, it hath been agreed by the said united Company, in com ce with the unanimous opinion of a general meeting of the said ns to take back from them all such tea at prime cofi> as hall, ori raid fifteenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and f fbury remain in the warehousei of the said company in entire or in lots not diminished after the date of such agreement \ be it

ler enacted by the authority aforesaid; Thit all bargains dladferflawi e by the said united company fefpetfting such tea as is hereto tea sold by efore described, as (having been sold at their sales) (half, he said fifteenth day of September, one thousand fevbn hun niall reniairi id and eighty-four; remain in their warehouses riot delivered their ware le buyers thereof, shall be, and they are hereby declared td houses, in en j null and Void; and that the said company shall forthwith tyre lots, cit to each of the said buyers a certificate of the sum of money

: h each of the said buyers shall have paid to (he said united pany iri tefpefl thereof; Which certificates shall be received he said Company as and in lieu of cash to the same amount, ayment for any tea bought at their next erifuing sale; or, If so tendered in payment, the said company shall. Upon de d, at any time after the prompt day; or day of payment,

e appointed for tea to be so bought at their next sale; pay Famb in cash to the holder thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b6 X

□1 for all and every tea dealer, not residing within the bills not residing lortality, or the borough of Southwark, who shall the wlt.h'n'the r; of passing this act, have In his, her; dr their possessiori, of more entire chest or chests of tea in the same package iri roigh Gf rh it was originally imported iritd this kingdom by the uriit Southwark, ompafiy of merchants ttading to the East Indies, and for re pou: h tnc inland duties shall have been paid by or in the name schffe^ jeh dealer, and which shall have been purchased at either j, cthe pack le two last sales Of the said company, and which shall have age wherein it conveyed directty from the warehouses of the said company a imported; ie warehouse or (hop of such tea dealer, td feturn such chest clefts of tea. By the most proper and speedy cdnveyanfce, td warehouse keeper of the said compariy; a list of which the company'! s, Containing an account of the number of each Chest, the warehouse 7 ht of tea contained in it, and the pried which it cost at the keeper many's sale, together with the name of the ship in which it imported, and the folio in which it was printed in the com

'S rale book, shall be delivered to the warehouse keeper of aid company within eight days after the passing of tins acte ol.xxxiv, q.q Xri4

6 Anno vicesimo quarto ctedk©tpffiv <1^8. (*7

afidthe aid chert or cherts of tea shall be taken into the 'srtre* And if the houses of the said company; and if ft shall appear, tottfc fafif company are fj&ion of the said company, that the tea which is coyitaiwed in tel'hm not any theft fq returned has not been unpacked since 'it Via define, unpack vered from the warehouses of the said company but is the same ed, See. they which was originally contained therein, then the prime cdft" of are to allow such chert or cherts of tea, which shall have been paid by fiidt, h?mecofttbe ^ea*er or dealers, shall be allowed to such dealer or deafer an paid for the Part of payment for such tea purchased at the rtekt falc' of see lame, See. eastindia company but if the said east-india company fftall'be or opinion that the tea contained in such chest or cherts fty returned is not the same as was originally contained thereki, 'or that any unfair pradfice shall have been made use of, it ftvaftbe lawful for the said company to refule such chert or chefte bftbi) and that for every chert of tea accepted, as herein before pfu vided, by the said Baste India company, the commissioners of excise shall deliver a certificate of the ium of money which ties been paid for the inland duties on the tea contained in loch chert, to the dealer returning the same j and such certificate shall be taken by the of of his majesty's Ctlrtuittith payment of the customs which shall be due on the teas'to see purchased at the next side of the east-india company j provided that every dealer shall j within five days after the paffiftg'df^flh aft, deliver to the excise officer who usually surveys bd ftoek of such dealer, a list of the teas proposed to be retutrfed to the warehouses of the Baste India company, in all respects (hfrifar ia that herem before directed to be delivered to the mifrtofe keeper of the said company.

c.rnpany not,

VIII. Provided always, That no dealer shall be permitted to obliged to re return to the east-india company any whole package'write* if 'five any such gredn or black tea, unless it shall appear that such deafet itarfai frock; at the daft survey made thereof, previous td thefifft lari herein day bf August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^fbury'a* mentioned much of either or b«h of those sorts, over and above ihe ehefts

are complied so intended to be 'returned, as would, accord ingto: !yt*ufeal wkih consumption, to be computed upon the average of the last four

months previous to the said fhft day ofaugajf, be sufficient to supply the same from that time till the fifteenth day otsifintkr next; and dn atcount of the usual consumption or suchddrftr, and of the amount of his ftoek of green and black teis rdpfee tivdy/at the time any whole packages are returned, be transonitte^, by the officer of excise who usually focrcys feeb dealer, to the commissioners of excise and also to the watehioefa j keeper of the east-india company; and such officer of etroife shall also transmit to the directors of the Baste company an'account of all teas which have, (face the twenty-fifth aity of

3wjrlast, been taken into the stock of any deafer who'(h*h m.d. any chert of tea to bereturned as aforesaid, to theetid^ that if it (hold appear to the said directors tltat (here is justtauft to { fefpea that any of the tea so taken into the stock of fifth'deafer has not paid the full duties to which the same by law was liable,

C the

a^o viocfinto qutrto Georgii III. c. gs. - j

k$x aid direaors may, m fitch case, refute to receive any teat whatever from such dealer.

IX. And wbtrtts there art tertcun quantities teas now

Remaining under the locks of bii Majesty's the mfiems and

annft, for which the duties of custoas have been paid, and certain

p/bar quantities of print teas damaged by salt water are now remaining in two private warebtufts under the survey of his Majesty's offi., ten of excise, where they were removed for the convenience of drying Nee Jamt, for which the duties ofcufloms and have been paid

be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be Owqqrsd/, lawful for the of of his majesty's treasury, or any certain pried three or more of them, todirest, by warrants under their hands, te*' rt the comm iff! alters of his Majesty's customs or excise respectively pajj la repay to the owners or proprietors of such teas the amount such part as of the duties which have been, received for such part of the said shall remain teas as shall be remaining in the custody and under the survey wa(j* abovementioned, on the fifteenth day of September, one thou J u,

- land seven hundred and eighty fourj provided it shall be made 51 4p>pear, to the satisfaction of the said commtfiloner* of the trea &ityvthet (he duties On the said teas, fb remaining on the day abovementioned, have been a Anally received by the officers or the euftomoand estyife: provided always, That the owners or But for which proprietors of the bid teas shall pay tlte duty of eighteen pounds t*!ej\0iaji ai Mn Shillings pep centum, according to the prices at which, northeast the leme weee bought, for such parts or parcels thereof as shall CCI w be remaining under the lochs of his majesty's officers of customs or wicoise, or utider survey in the two warehouses as abovementioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That font Oil. re, from (m.d. after the tenth day of October, questhousand seven 17s4, the foi hundred and eighty-four, there shall be charged, raised, levied, h>»irtg addi and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and (uccessors, the (ever*l and rftspective additional rates and duties upon all inhabited au inhabited hooses, as herein after mentioned, according to the number of houset in windows or lights in each 1 (that is to lay), Great Britain)

' videlicet,

f pr every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For every irv the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dwelling tmd Other offices, is or ought to be rated, under the authority houj.e» e of go wfi of the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, " cko.^c 3*.

octfor repealing the several duties upon houses, window, and lights, at jan id.' and for granting to bit Majesty other duties sepon bourn. stdmwui;, ditional jc.» tandjigbu, at three Shillings, the additional yearly Ann of three#»'wng>

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For every: n ibe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houseboij nd other twees, is or ought to be rated in like manner for°f

ifevpo windows, the additional yearly him of six (billings! window., «1. j'For every dwelling hpu(b, inbebited or to be inhabited, with For t win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hpufeboid dowa, ss.i -; > q.q 2 and

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

For9win

arid other office, is or ought to be ratedin likemamrctfa % eight windows, the additional yearly sum of eight ffifllinw: For every dwelling house, inhabited or lobe inhabited,

dows, 10s. 6d.: in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hofy

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like marihiir

For 10 windows, ijt.j

nine windows, the additional yearly sum of ten Shillings and' sixpence

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited'. Within the kingdom of Great, which, with the hopftrhpld

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ten windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen Shillings: V '[ for it win For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, withr dows, 15s. 6d.; in the kingdom of Great Britain, Which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for eleven windows, the additional yearly sum of fifteen Shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner.far twelve windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen Shillings:: .,

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited imth dow, 11. is.:; n the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for thirteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one potind^qoe shilling:

for it win. dows, sss.

For ij win

For 14 windows, il. 5 s.:

m

For evefy dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with the

kingdom or Great Britain, which, with the household

For 15 wln

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like magnet for fourteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one pound five Shillings -

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, windows, il ios. 1 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hou^hold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one poundten Shillings'*

16 win For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhatpted^ wfth dows, il. 15s.: in the kingdom of Great which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ibpnner for six teen windows, the additional yearly sum of one potitid fifteen Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, vrith: in..the. kingdom of Great, which, with the housebokl and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like thanh^ fot1 seventeen. windows, the additional early sum of twd pfliuntli:

For every dwelling boule, inhabited, er to be inhxbitjhi, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the householt and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like (banner ict eighteen windows, the additional yearly sum of two ftoondlfifl h tgs* _ -.

F

For .17 windows, at.:

For j 8 windows, XL

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 569

for every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 19 win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household d°ws.*k and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nineteen windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds ten Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For to witi io the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 151-: and other offices, is or ought to he rated in like manner for twenty windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds fifteen millings:

: For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For* win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dews, yl a. and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-one windows, the additional yearly sum of three pounds

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For it win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3l. 5*.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-two windows, the additional yearly sum of three pounds

rfuuings ?...

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For % % wm in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3l. tot.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-three windows, the additional yearly sum of three #wnd$ ten Shillings,

every dwelling hopfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with pr4 win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3l.1 $s.x and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of three jflonda fifteen Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be Inhabited, with Por 15 to 19 Jip ihe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 41.1 apa other offices, fs or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-five windows, and not more than twenty-nine windbws, tj>e additional yearly sum of four pounds:

Fbrevery dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 30 to 34 iit the kingdom of Great Britain, which. With the household window, other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for loi thirty windows, and not more than thirty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of four pounds ten Shillings

; f, 6r every dwelling house, inhabited or to beinhabited, with For X to 39 in jbe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 51.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for tthply more than thirty-nine windows,

the additional yearly sum of five pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 40 ^44 in, the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, and' other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ioi

forty windows, and not more than forty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of five pounds ten Shillings;

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 45 to 49

0.13

in window

Anno vicesimo quarto peorqli tit.

in the kingdom of Great Britain, ", whiclu wit J ^1"6 jas and other offices, is or ought to be rated iq J fortyfive windows, and not more than forty nifipiy additional yearly sum of six pounds: a V jj -- f.

For e^ry dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, tivlth in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the and other offices, is or ought to be rated in ltke jnanipi^: '&£' fifty windows, and not more than fifty-four windows, the ad datonal yearly sum of six pounds ten Shillings; /': /

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, in the kingdom of Great, which, with the boufeholtf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifty-five windows, and not more than fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly Cum of seven pounds: __ _ '

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, thin the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the bpjjfehold and other offices, is pr ought to be rated in like manner, for sixty windows, and not mote than sixty four windows, the additional yearly sum of seven pounds ten Shillings: '1 V

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited wdfc windows, LT in the kingdom of Great, which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like tnannpd or sixty five windows, and not more titan sixty nine wincjbwi, ih£ additional yearly sum of eight pounds t; V L i

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, 'with in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, wkh* the find other offices, is or ought to be rated in like m^prver for fisventy windows, and not more than fevemy fout wi^pwlj the additional yearly sum of eight pounds ten millings, ^, n For 7$ to 7| For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inlw^femjwu^ window, 9l: in the kingdom of Great, which, with the h^fehokl

and other, offices, is or ought, to be rated in like msnxn^w seventy five windows, and not more than seventy nlnp'.yitt' 'dows, the additional yearly sum of nine pounds; J

For 8o to Is. For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabiled. lwitll windows, n the kingctofei of Great Britain, which, with "thehptilphelfi '* 'v* and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ji^atjfief"far eighty windows, and pot more than eighty spur wjiijfels^jtw# additional yearly sum of nine pounds, ten (billings? V '

For j to <9 For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inb*bj|ed, fyirh windowi, iou in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the^bb^fehpfd and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like nuwhv for eighty-five windows, and not more than eighty nine v^ppwi, the additional yearly sum of ten pounds: .?

For every dwelling hpuse, inhabited dr to be inhkb'^l y the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with fbe.hpsrfbhtfm and other offices, is or ought to be rated ip. hke ^npr ror'ninety windows, and not more than ninety additional yearly sum of ten pounds ten Shillings; .' "'

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabitedj Stltft

570

For to to js

windows tu iqs*:

For 5s to 59 Windows, 71.

For 6o to 64.*indows,

71» IPS*)

For 65 to <9

for 70 to 74. windows,

I J 105ft

For 06 to 94 Windows, 1, 1. 108.1

For

ror 05 to 94 - w

window, 1 ij,; in the kingdom of Great, which, with the tiontebold

and

1784, ^, Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.

and other offices, is or ought td'be rated in like manner for -

nj£ety five windows, and hot more than ninety stine Widows, thd'additional yearly fiitn of eleven pounds:

J For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with' for100 to 109 in, the kingdom of Great Britain., which, with the household windows, ii and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred windows, and not more than one hundred and nine windows, the additional yearly, font of twelve pound t

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For no to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, whidh, with the houlfehokf window, 13i and other offices, 'is or ought to be rateq in like manner for - qjte hundred and ten Windows, and not more than one hundred and nineteen windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For mo to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 14u and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and twenty windows, and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of fourteen pounds:

7' For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For ijo to 119 sirs the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 1 ju and other offices, is ot ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and thirty windows, and not more than one hundred. and thirty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of fifteen pounds:

7 For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 140 to >49 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 16l: land Other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and forty windows, and not more than one hundred stnd forty-nine windows, the additional yearly fotti of six seen pounds;

For every dwelling house, inhabited of to be inhabited With For 150 toicj in the kingdom of Great Britain, winch, with the household windows, 17u and other offices, is or ought to be rated in; like manner far one hundred and fifty windows, and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly' sum of seventeen pounds: 7

J' For every dwelling house, inhabited Or to be inhabited, With For 16010169 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, itii i^pd. other offices, is or ought to be ratod in like manner for jdhe hundred and sixty windows, and not iftore than one hundred and sixty nine, windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited with For70 to s In the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household window«apd other offices, is of ought to be rated in like manner for r one hundred and seventy windows, and not more than one hon 'dred and seventy nine windows, the additional yearly fom of pineteen pounds: -

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with,

0.q4 " »' -'«

£? Anno yiccfinwjquartpq^rjil^.^ A [

And so> its in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with;

wpw«3fc Si. and ot^er offices. s or ought to be rated in lily e»e»*/« y one hundred and eighty windows, and upwards tfye^afjditioftil

yearly fgm of twenty pounds. 0 r, ivtvi& uv

XI. And whereas it my happen that one and the.famt puupier or inhabitant of thru or mare housesat the jam?

under the directions anapravifioni of this act+mufl necessarhypm ffing*i with the rates and duties berfby imposed rnlfjs speeiatfyprrw4l4 jr and it not being intended that such persons Should pay the said rates and duties for mpre than two.(uefi hoqjbps^k persons ecu therefore hereby enabled and declared by the autfiorim afp or*iim>rcfc€ said. That no one pprfoo shall bp subjected to the payiao^pt house, to any of the rates and duties by this act imposed for «a«e thft pay for pnjy two hqufe$ which hf or (he shall occupy at the feme<f4qtyt£ jtfck?

vided always. That each person shall, inalj cases, pay ui^fed the greiucft10 Iatcs and duties for two such houses as sail cpj£*in ihegeem^ number of eft number of windows of wy iwp hqgfcsin bs or h$c wmdoars. pation. \, <-.. i s hr

XII. Andy in order to provide for the rctief of such pfr/onj AM be the Oecupiers or inhabitants of three or more bpvffs ikarpfldl^itk_ and assessid for the duties hereby imposed at the same time, ^tjs.fuiv

Olapfe for re there enabled and declared, That every feeb perhjojsfptwdina; Hef of persons to be relieved from the payment of more than twptfjcrcof, monfthan cam wob le collectors of the feye$a^ pariftrc*

two houses. or pieces, for the payment of the rates and duties impose fey

this actor previous thereto, by him or herself, his or her a&qt or servants, deliver, or capfe to be delivered, (, o thep % tn pvpcg such parish or place wherein any house in his or her peculation, Other than the two severally containing the greatest number of windows, is firuated, a declaration in writing of the fwftkplrif* in his or her occupation for which he or fheis to payt.

cciving which fgch collectors as aforesaid shall discharge. fiocn their book or books the charges or rates made for every och house hereby Intended so k exempted; which hotiop. or do > the said collector are hereby directed to delive*/j*cr, jo the surveyor 6r itispector for the district in which such parish or place lban be situated, for their information, and m Puerto their making ah entry of rhf, Umc in their bookfr^di ft enabling them tp make a proportionable deduction jrpmtbe pharge against such collectors, t >.!: r

Persons pot juii. And be it further enacted 2fj?d declared, thi* JPY paying for person or persons shall ojnit pr n^gtec} to pay for fu$h two houses houics^ac ln t^c*r occupation, containing the greatest number of cording totbe according to the notice they ftiali give to the collectors, i the nptice given parishes or places in which they have houses for which they ibtu to the collec claim exemption, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay, for to! tofor^cit every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

*XIV Provided nevertheless/and it is the true intent and

rates to bf1^ |ncan*ng this act, That the said several iates and duties, berfh paid in°addj* ty/cfp?ftivcjy charged as aforesaid shall be gaid^ oyer nbprc*

and

Vj 1 Ante ^c^fmro quartft Georgii HI' C 38'. gyj

in' addition to the respective duties charged upon houses tio».«o tbofo w|fido^»& by virtue of an act, made in the sixth year of the charged by a df* Ms present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the Ad 6 Geo. j. al duties upon houses, windows, and lights j and for granting to C j8. j \iajejiy other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and of thee 'wsk', Made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his isnf majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on all and 19 Geo. 3. Pi ted houses, imposed by an off made in the hjl session of C 59.

r j' and/or granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited res in greut Britain; and for amending the said all; and also'so much of an d made in the year of the

w of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on all servants retained employed in the several capacities thertin mentioned.

KV, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au >rlty aforesaid, That assessments shall be made out for raising Assessmentt to t duties upon inhabited houses by this present act imposed, be made out (A the tenth day of Qtiober, one thousand seven hundred and from Oct. 10, hty foui, to the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun, ": d and eighty-five; which assessment shall be certified by the*

sflbrs, and returned by them to the of, on or bene the third day of December, one thousand seven hundred and; hty four; and that the surveyors shall and may, on or before e twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ghw five following, certify their surcharges for raising the said ttiw for the said two quarters, to the said of; and Appeals t appeals in respect to the said two quarters assessments, hall therefrom wi May be heard and determined between the sixth day of to he idreb. One thousand seven hundred and eighty, five, and the >ufth' day of April following; and that from and after the fifth from April j, ay f 'April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the 17s5, the du aid duties shall be assessed annually for one whole year, to com neuce from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all uttire years the assessment shall be made out and certified, andy he itircharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the same time is the assessments, surcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, tnd heard, on the duties on houses and windows.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties by this act grimed shall, in that Duties in pjnt ofxfrwf Britain called £ngland, be paid quarterly, on the England, to lout moftufilal days of payment in the year; (that is to say), bepaidquar on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day Mr 7 i of July, and the tenth day of October in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth day o Jmuirf, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, five; and., nd in Scot. in; that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the land, half twenty fifth day of March, yearly, for the half year betwixt 7e*r'y* martinmu iay and Whitsunday, and on or before the twenty day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt whi} funiey and Martinmas.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ulj*°* 'x'lpt the said duties granted by this act shall be charged only theoc^tieri

upon ofhouse*.

574

Poor people exempted from church and poor rates, not liable.

The duties to be assessed and collected in the same manner, and under the lame penalties, Uc. as those granted by the felloib ing a As y

so Geo. a., 1*

ao Geo. a, C

*» Geo. a. C ro,

a. C 17* s

t Geo. a. C

Anno vktflmo tjuarto gcqaquhi.

upon the inhabitants or occupiers fqr the tmae., bring (hi houses or tenements hereby charged, hi, hr (» r^w. live executors or administrators, and not on the landlordoi landlords who let or demire the same (except in thecafe^tim in after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this act, relative to the pit' ment of any duties or assessments imposed, or to be miposed up on such houses or tenements, or upon such inhabitants or occupiers, in respect thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted bjrife authority aforesaid, That, no duty shall be imposed, alleged, a levied, by virtue of this al, for or in respect of any deelihi house, cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occbpen, by reason of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempt:; from the actual payment of the usual taxes, aflctfments, ant contributions towards the church and poor.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aft That the said several rates and duties by this ak imprinl fiui be a(te(ted, raised, levied, collected, and received by pehoni it be appointed by the same authority, for the purpoto faercia after expressed, in such and the like form and planner, apt with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeituna, and disabilities, and according to.such rules, methods, andi regions, as are prescribed and appointed for assessirtg, a2 % j levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houfa, windows, or lights, in and by an act of parliament made*the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty ettgcrv? the Second, intituled An at 1 for repealing the several rites at duties upon houses, windows, and lights; for gnssoiu U

mqje/tyother rates and duties upon houses, windows, r J*raffing the sum of four millions four hundred thousanifmis^ k

annuities, to it thargedoh the said rates or duties ± and L a, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his^disupfl jesty, intituled An act to enforc the execution of an Jtffson of parliament for granting to his Majesty several rates a upon houses, windows, or LI and by another i -

in the twemy first year of his ftii^t late majesty's reign, $tii An act for explaining, amending, and further enforaugtptt

oftsnailfaffed in the lojl session of parliament, for repealing the several rates and duties upon houffyjfji and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other ties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for rritjogtty of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by mnnbc be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said iate&iyeby, tuled, An act for the more effectual Zrwhtg up'

dews or Ugbis, 'in that part of Great Britain tailed sc0tkm> by an at, made' in the thirty first year of the reign of hi late Majesty, intituled An act for granting to Us attajtfj so pates and duties upon offices and p; and upon j fji window or lights; and for raffing the sum y five

Goc

m

r04*l Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3$.

hies and a lottery, to be charged on the and diitiei; and f an act, mad in the second year of the reign of hi; present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty fates xa duties upon windows or lights; and by the said herein before Mentioned ad, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and by two acts for granting to his Majesty certain tties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain,

fade hi the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of hi resent Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the same now re lain in force, or are not altered by this act; and that all and rcry the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, fof iturei, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained In the said several acts, or any of them, for the a(tefsing, rais ig, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties there y granted, shall be in mil force, and be duly observed, practised, t)itput in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great tritom, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, lie several duties upon all inhabited houses, by this act grant 3; as Fully and enedoally, to all intents and purposes, as tb kfoe are or may be, for the assessing, raising, levying, coiled ifc and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid cb, br any of them, so far as the said powers, authorities uies, and penalties are applicable hereunfo, and not altered by His aft.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That II the moneys that shall arise by the duty on. tea granted by his ad, and all the arrears of the several duties and subsidies ereby repealed, shall, together with the moneys that (hah arise iy the additional duties on inhabited houses, granted by this A, (which additional duties on inhabited houses shall be paid, iy the several persons who shall be appointed to receive the tibe, into the hands of the receiver-general of the custotns), 1c applied and paid, by him into the receipt of the exchequer, ipon the several distinct heads of fubtidy, or customs, as the Ipties or subsidies hereby repealed have been paid in there piin

Sof for the several acts of parliament for appropriating the it;and in case the whole amount of the subsidy granted, to; «hef v»hh the moneys hereby directed to be paid to the said teerffcr general, shall at anytime, in any one quarter, exceed fu fom of eighty seven thousand one hundred thirty-six pounds biieewi{hirtings and eight pence farthing, being the one fourth Sirs of three hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred forty feveftpotinds six Shillings and nine pence, the average produce if ittc several duties and subsidies on teas for five years, with hcbddition of five pounds per centum, and five pounds par*Sin, End upon the said duties and subsidies by the acts of the llrtereerith and twenty second years of his majesty's reign, the Kid receiver-general mall pay over such surplus into the hands if tlje receiver-general of excise, which shall be by him distti feftd, in dde proportion, to the respective heads of excise to fhtth the duties of excise on teas, repealed by this act, were

goc?#plicable*

sn

&Geo. CL

if Geo. t. C 16.} and 19 Geo. 3. C si

monfetarif ing by this act to be paid into the ex chequer by the receiver-general of the

And in case of any furplin, the same shaft be paid to the receiver-general of e cifc* C

V

Moneys paid into the ex

Anno vicesimo quarto gcordh tl£ c.jtf

applicable, and shall be by him paid into tl)£ Ate

chequer, at the rate of one hundred thirty. c^bt^twi^nd, ^hundred seventy nine pounds, five oiilhn^s^ and ted«iq halfpenny per quarter, being the one fourth, part of fire to dred fifty-five thousand nine hundred and (evcqtoeo pojioi three Shillings, and sixpence, the average of the cicifc jdnuesi tea for five years, with the addition of five poqndsperwta five pounds per centum, and five pounds per eentta^hsi up the said duties of excise by the acts of the nioeteenul trreatj first, and twenty second years of his present Majesty's rdf and such money, so paid into the receipt of theefcbcquei, ! the said receiver-general of the cuflfoms, and receiver meal lo applied the cxc*fe> respctf ively, shall be applied to the same ufci V*purposes as the former duties on teas hereby repealed, wereu plicable unto; and in case any deficiency shall happen in tj said duties, the said receivers general respefimly. shall n turn certificates thereof into the office of the aufiujjof tktij s ceipt of the exchequer aforesaid; and such deficiency tful) sin time to time be made goodbye or out of such jnptkyfa (bill or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of orior jwtforpin fes? exceflcs, or overplus moneys, or other reyeiwb.compose the fund commonly called The Sinking fund'd after the said certificates respectively shall fiav^'^njiwrw into the office of the auditor of the said rece^t; and wfiate* moneys shall be so issued out of the said replaced by or out of the first supplies to be by parliament.^uu tax

Receipt of the

XXI. Provided always, and be it efa^eql A receiver gene receipt of the receiver-general of the customs piah^aft raio^tblj: uf c'cnl charge to the several persons who fliau ^"afipcsetedj Charge to receive th said additional duties on inhabited hopln; fjofill receiver! of the receipt of the receiver-general of the excifr shall of jlm new duties on dent discharge to the receiver-general of the cuiwn^ six, fed houses, C cnbnies as he shall pay in pursuance of thisas^iqdsfcfas receipts shall f; verally be allowed by the aqtfitor^passing their respective accounts., '.

If in any one

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority "tmj

quarter there the subsidy sin teas hereby granted together Should be a houses, windows, and lightsa alfp granted b^tni

surplusofmo ny one quarter, produce more than famcient o fi&jy tfi thi« ad^theby said um of eighty fev1en thousand one hundred ^1$$^ same shall be pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight ponce, r(jrihing* M applied to good the like sum to be replaced to the wards making tom duties on teas, by this a repealed abtf chargttfon* onc hunc*rc(* thirty-eight thousand nine hunijfaj the nextquar pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny? ler. the like sum to k replaced to the respective dfitiw^fc^xg

teas, by this at filfo repealed, the Surplus which rm^t^ satisfying the above sums, shall be applied towards babg! good the Kke sums charged Upon the said subsidyin3 ddry00 houses, windows, and lights, in the next succeeding quarter.

/-> t xxiii Pi

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii till. C 3$.

ill

XXIII. Provided nevertheless* and be it further enacted by the Seriarate af

ihonty aforesaid, That separate assessments shall be made out for

Rng Ae duties hereby imposed, which assessments shall be verified by the

Wight in by the assessors, in writing under their hands, and assessors upon

versfied upon their oaths, and hot otherwise, as required by oath.

fe act of the twentieth year of his late majestyv reign first

bve: mentioned, upon pain of forfeiture of any sum, not ex

sding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; and that

e rommissioners for putting this act in execution shall cause

ue duplicates of the said aneflments to be made out, delivered

id transmitted, in such manner as is directed by any of the said

nrier acts relating to the duties upon houses, windows, or

ts, with respect to the duplicates of the assessments therein

Mentioned.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority f^esaid. That, for the better execution of this act, and for the commhbon fdering, tailing, levying, collecting, and paying the duties f farmer ireby granted; the of authorised or appointed, of to th^dutifs fha mall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in oft houses and iecution the said herein before mentioned acts relating to the windows, shall iities upon houses, windows, or lights, or inhabited houses, or becommissi niy of them, shall be of for putting in execution curinvtbis* his present act and the powers therein contained, in all and aft; ivery the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities troughs, Cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within jfiai Britain and that the said of, in order to the and shall meet Wdy execution of this act shall, in their respective counties, or before hires, stewartries, 'ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, 1 owns, asd places, for which they are or shall be appointed ^pnamissioners respectively, meet on or before the eleventh day hodober^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and shall in like manner meet yearly and every year it such day dt time as the said of for the time, being (half think, propel td appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly i rn shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted, in such Rnd; the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or kny of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby irn hqfed (except in such cases in which an alteration is made by this'ad.)., t

)gcy. Tfovided always, and be it further enacted by the (futurity aforesaid* That if, by any negligence or default. In case com therfc'thall not have been a meeting of the said of, and missioner Odtre execution of the several powers hereby created, within or atn°he it the time or times, or according to the manner x>r circumstan time prtferib ce directed or prescribed in and by this act, it shall and may ed, they may be lawful to and for the said of, or any two or more meet and exe bf them, in all and every the reljpcdlve counties, shires, flewar at*ny aether tries ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in time;

Notice tub

Anno, yiatfmo qtkrta ^ejv.

Great Britain respectively, wherein hest rie^pfkffrg^hayn happened, to meet tod execute the fa ppwqrs jgt'|m —

or tines, anything herein contained to the contrary: ^! Viithstanding; and they are hereby authorised andteiqfi t with, or as soon as may be, after the riakni such. meetings Should have been held and such' payeen^ have been executed, according to the dhednhu!0fj chiaj a<et, to meet and execute the same, so as that the ..Ea and duties be duly and effectually charged, raised" " add paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and so the purposes in this act, notwithstanding any such oc desect; and all such meetings and acts at the said cot^. ers, or any two or more Of them, shall be deetnedandars hereby declared, to be gdod and valid, to all intcaix and yor poses, notwithstanding any such omiflton ior idefed. 1. '.I'.,

XXVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the saul eamml

given that the (loners shall cauce notice to be inserted. the preempts to be fro

(tj(f.w irtrlav i _ j 1.r _ I at _*I j^JW Va

a?1<or*under hole td time directed by them to the inhabitants of thepmftiei ad ve'ttkf mp^aces within their respective diffrids or division, whan

fort under this they shall think fit to be preferttors or assessors under' the hk

aft.

before mentioned Sds, or any of theui, tljat such pqrfon? an also appointed assessors of the duties on all' ihhafoeesf hoofet, and upon windows of lights, granted by this act. V

XXVII. And, ft the mart ifftqually tnying and oedir^j duty impojedby this act, be it enacted and declared jo rease at any time the comitoifiioners for putting id execuiun^afi*. present act in that part of Great Britain called Adgkaiaad Surveyors may Wales, or in case at any time the of of fuapfy ia do.chetr day. part of Great Britain calied, (bail nested tp appoint

assessors, or in case the assessors by (ban Sppaiaited Yhall

In cate no afleftbrt that! he appointed.

negied to perform what is required of mem by tvs that then, and an any such case, it shall and may bid lawful.tpand

for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or td.be appearttfrl un* ' der the authority of any of the before mentioned ass', vto do and perform such and the like services as are by thrsaid acts. required from such assessors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by.iste authority afore ftid, That from and after the said.sixteenth day of bfmm

houset omitted' or undercharged.

supmyort, ftid. That from and after the Taid sixteenth day of nmmbtrp[t)oe twice a yeae, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said ^vdyoror furcharae*of hirveyors shall, 'twice in every year, to wit, on or before the tenth - 8 day of January? and thp tenth day of august, ywljte Terrify in writing, under his or their hand or handst by, ty^y charge, to any three dr more of the said commissi doers ^wajaat inhabited houses have been omitted to be chargndr.cl(»te been under charged with She fates and dtitlda imdqiitg by fib

acts, in the affbfltnent made of thelame for fthe -- "i

year; and that thereupon, thd upon oath being^notice was left in writing at the dwelling books

°«upinrs so charged or furdharged by virtue of such.

ahaalvanentt that the (bmyors intended to charge them in fuehounrvrt* and tobeit£bm, according'so iuqh number of windows, as they bgcj^mk r: '1 <.' i

Notice to be given to the occupiers fur.

4] Anfio vleefiitao Quarto iskoftoa lit C 3 8.

l3*j

or fjy virtue of fitch certificate, the said of, or any Tiree or more of them, shall cause such assessment to be recti |ied. according to such certificate, and delivered to the collec or, mid the said rates and dutiet shall be levied accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any If a fbrcharge Urveyor or surveyors (halt, after the said fifth day of April, one ft ill be omit ihthimnd seven hundred and eighty-five, omit to make a fur "dthefirst

l^jrirgeor fuccharges for the first half year, it shall and may be may^nttde lawful: for the said surveyor or surveyors to make a surcharge or for the whole (archargea for the whole year. year.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That where where house any house shall be divided into different stories, tenements, or are let in dif lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two Or more persons or fa lerent tene thhies, the same shall nevertheless be subject to, and shall, in.

like manner, pay the duties granted by this act, as if such Adeemed the h&tife or tenement was inhabited by one person or family only; occupier. aoih the landlord or owner of such j^ouse. shall be deemed and taken to be the occupier of such dwelling house, and shall be <dyarged with, and liable to pay the duties imposed by this

XXXI. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all dwelling rooms In every hall and Dwelling office whatsoever, belonging to any person or persons, or to rooms in of any Vodies politic or corporate, that are or may be lawfully fi5*' C )cftatged with the payment of any other taxes or pari fit rates, or

(mil be subjift t the duties granted by this act, and shall be parjft, rates, nrspectively charged as inhabited houses, within the true intent to be subject and hteaning of this act; and the person or persons, bodies po to the litjck 6r corporate, to whom (He same shall belong, shan be^schareed and altefffed as the occupier or occupiers thereof: provided always, That each distinct chamber or apartment, in any tfoilegeor nah try any of the universities of Grtat, shall

far subject to the duties granted by this act, as if the same was ign eorire bbufe.

rxxxfl. And be it like wise enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every chamber ot apartment in any of Apartment theimis of court of chancery, being severallyin the tenure and the.v* * occupation of any person or persons, shalf be subject 16 though Juries granted by this act, as if the fattle Was an entire duties, house'

xxxhf. Provided heverthdefs, Thai this or apy thing jjot to extend 'fierent'cdbtjtitied, shall not exrend, or be construed to extend, to anjr.bqufe 1 % by(charge with the duties hereby grahted as aforesaid, any occupied by kwchm* tenement in the possession or occupation Of his ma three "*

: jesty, $?, smy!lof the rdya! family, nor to subject or charge any m y w ^dtobaffadpr or fortdgh Minister, redding in the kingdom of ^be^rbfittutyio orwith tliepayment of the (m^dbtfes granted.

And be it farther enacted and declared, That the Ragataio» Hrtfieaandregularions provided by the acts Of theifehtwnih and y.aft> °* ^jaieteenfa yearsbf the reign of hisprefenr Majestybdfort mert1 jr, exempting

except apart menu of officers, C

Parents and guardians liable to pay for infants.

o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3a [^4

wtreboufet, tioned, for exempting all warehouses and building!

C extended for carrying on manufactures, trades, occupations, and to this act. from the duties on inhabited houses, imposed by those

shall be extended to exempt all such warehouses and buildingi, in like manner, from the rates and duties imposed by this a d.

XXXV. Provided always, slnd be it further enacted by tie

Hospital, See. authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall CI exempted j tenc1, or be construed to extend, to change or make liable any

Jiospital, charity school, or house provided for the reception and relief of poor persons, to the payment of the rate or duty imposed by this act, except such apartments therein as are or mtr be occupied by the officers or servants thereof, Which shall be subject to the same duty (according to the number of window in each) as other inhabited houses are by this act subject to.

XXXVI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be under the act of twenty-one years. In every such case the parent guirdians, and tutors or such infants respectively, upon default o? payment by such infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to aoi charged with the payments which the said infants ought to have made and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, shallneg* led or refuse to pay a aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to

proceed against them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment xif the duties hereby granted; and all parents, guatdians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every sum and sums paift for such infants in his, her, or their accounts.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority for no person to fam^ That the payment of any of the rates and duties ghuitw mentvw ky this act, by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling hone vnent of the or houses, in any parish or place, shall not entitle the penoaor rates. persons so paying such rates or duties to a legal fetclement in

such parish or place.

What houses

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted sind declared, That do shall be deem, house shall, within the intention of this act, be deemed or taken td inhabited. f0^an inhabited house, except the same shall be inhabited bj the owner, or his servant or servants, or by a tenant of teaants renting the same.

Commission

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no per hi Eng son shall be capable, in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tml wad until aaing as a commissioner in the execution of this act, orex* they have ecuting any of the powers herein coniained (tmless it be the takeothe power hereby given of adminstering oaths,) until such time as

Majestfs person and government i and the futceffm of tietrrjonis the heirs of the late prinufs Sophia, being protestants; and for tx tinguishing the hopej of the pretended prince of Wale, and his tf#

ed

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto gkough ilf. d. 38. jk\

ani*fecrei abettors; which oaths, and any others prescribed to be f

taken by this act, it shall and may be lawful for any two of more of the of to administer, and they are heteby respectively authorised and required to administer the same, to iny other of the said of accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person on yof Hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, town, or 40°* place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the oaths which by this act he is required to 'dke^ and in manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Turn of two hundred pounds.

XLI. Provided always, That every person appointed by this commissiott ifct to be a commissioner for executing the several powers here rrs iit Scoffand n contained, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, ^b^ofalte pefore his acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, gjance and ar any of the powers herein contained, take, and subscribe the abjuration paths of allegiance and abjuration, and subscribe the assurance C fppofnted by law to be t*ken and subscribed by persons on penalty of iji offices of public trust in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting on the sum of twenty pounds sterling; which oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said of to tdmxnifter, and they are hereby required to administer the same jq&rdingly.

XLR. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted by the Affiffor* ta be authority aforesaid, That every person to be appointed an af fworlw lessor as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to ad in the execution Of the said office or employment, (ache the following oath I

!A.B. do swear9 [or affirm, as the case may require] that, The oath in the assessment which I ball make of the houses and household 'offices within the distrifi or parish for which I am appointed an af Teffir, I will rate each according to the whole number of windows therein, to the beji of my knowledge and judgement \ and that will truly and faithfully execute the tru/ls reposed in me by virtue of art of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Joties in lieu thereof and also several duties on inhabited louses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee % m.d. fqr repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Which oath any two or more of the of in the: ounty, Shire, city, or place, where the assessment is to be nade, ate hereby empowered and required to admintftef.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of "acting comitilflrort ts a commissioner in the execution of this present act, or any of f f°j the he powers herein contained, within the city of London, and fi

of Saint Martin le Grand, nor within the city and liberty^(WOT af f Westminster, unless such person be possessed of lands, tene to their qual, nentr, or personal estate, to the amount or value of two thou*fication.

Vol. XXXIV Rr sand

i

The oath

Anno vicesimo quarto Georg iitit. 3^. £1^84

find pounds at lead, after the payment of, all his, debts, apk thing herein contained to the contrary not with Sanding j wh^t qualification they shall (wear to, previous to their a<9ingm aforesaid, or (being one of the people called Quakers) mate anq subscribe his solemn affirmation, in the following form; -

I A. 8. do wear, [or affirm, as the case may require, } fisfc truly and bona fide, I have such an [(pecking

the same,] of that floor value of two thousand pounds, aver aid above what will Jatisfj and distbargo all mj debts. r

So help me GOD.

Penalty on And if any person shall presume to act as a commissioner m.tha commissioner execution of this present as, or any of the powers herein con*the'pb wf01* ta*ned» within the city of L and liberty of Saint Martin It taken the Grand, or within the city and liberty of Westminster, before lie oath. shall have taken such oath, or made such affirmation as iierejn

before is directed, he shall forfeit, for every such offeriqe, the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty. his heirs and successors and the other qjosety to any person or persons who will inform and sue foe the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority bforefseiff, Person over that if any person or persons shall tnink himself^ henclfvdr psl to*seap* 'hemfeives respectively overcharged or overrated by aqy l$effi commission ment, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue of or purer. fuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him pr them r^cq

tively to appeal to the said comroifljoners, or any three or mote of them, and the said commissioner, or any three or ptote.^f them, shall, and they are hereby required tp hear and d ' mine all such appeals, and that all such appeals shall be t and determined on the days appointed, and in (be. fgf directed in the several aids herein before mentioned if ith ff" (pedl to the rates and duties thereby granted. V

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority at Commission That the said of, or any of them, shall not, we'of appeal* he hcarin§ oi any appeal, make any abatement, btf og not to make'cation in the charge or (breharge made upon any perf^ ltyloo any abate assessment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any suchfutyeyor ment.&c.un er surveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall (land good, and re made^noath roa'n Part the annual assessments, unlefe it shall then'a' that the ap*the said of, by examination of the circuinu peiiant i of the case upon oath, that such person hath been ovand&jl in overrated, and by such assessment or surcharge; which cases fbetaid of are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diminuh any such assessment b be made as aforesaid, in such manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act; and every person intending to appeal to the iiud of - and is hereby required to give, at the lead, ten days no

tics

6y

by

1^4, } ^nno vicpfimp quarto Georgii III. c. 3$. gsg

tj^e thereof to apy assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors of Perfcmi in C wriui or pl?tc therein such person is assessed, of such in ap t^ptjqn to appeal; and such assessor or assessors, surveyor or far give* dayg veyors, may then and there attend and justify the said assess notice to the ipenr and surcharge; and such assessor and assessors, 'surveyor assessor*, C and fyrveyors* and appehant, shall have full and free liberty to he present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and of trie laid, commimoners determining the same.

'*XLVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all appeals, oncp heard and determined by the said com, defermtnf missioners, or any thrfce or more of them, or the major part of tiun of the them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for bearing of appeals, shall be final, except as herein after di t n!'

layil. And be it further enacted by the authority afore ihld, That if any such assessor or assessors, surveyor or survey Person diflh ors, orjhe perfops so appealing, in that part of Great Britain tisfied with (tnglond, or in Wak\ or m Berwick uf>on Tweedy shall ap the determi preliend the determination made by the said of to ^missionerf fxe contrary to the true intent and meaniqg of this, act, and may, in Eug* shall then declare |iim(elf or herself dissatisfied with such deters laodoc Wale ininatiop, it. shall and may be lawful to and for such assessor or; pfl<dfor$, 'surveyor or surveyors, or appellant respectively, to re 6f [be eour^of gp'ifc the said commissioners to state specially, and to sign the King's Bench, <tfe ifpop which the question arose, together with the dec.

Srminatlbn thereupon; which oafe the aid of, or ie major part of them then presentj are hereby required to and sign accordingly and to cau/^ the same to be deliver

d to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him ^cr her transmitted to one of the justices of (He court of king

common pleas, or to one of the borons of the cour exchequer, for the time being; and eyerykbch justice and prop is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer toluch case so transmitted, with his opinion there

juj>on tubferibed thereto; according to which opinion, so certl ^fied, the assessmem which shall have been thd dfife of such ^ppeari shall be altered or confirmed; and that if such assessor and six scot yor pffeifors, surveyor or surveyors, or the person so appeal I! one of jhg, in that part of Great Britain called' Scotland shall appre llend the determination made by the said of to be sean, or be contrary jo the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall ronttfetchc* ]|jhen declare himself qr herself dissatisfied with such fietermina qd«r there ppd may be lawful to and for fuclr surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said comm*(fi he major part of them then present, to (late specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with ^their d^terafinaqon thereupon; which case the said comrrtiffi

S are hereby required to (late and sign accordingly, and 10 the same to be delivered to the party making such jovwft s aforesa^ to b.c. by him or her transmitted to one of judges of the.equh of session, or one of the barons of though '*R r 2 cxch«

5h Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

exchequer, in Scotland; and every such judge and baroa jf hereby required, with all convenient Ipfeed, tb return anaitfwcf f. to such case so transmitted, with his opinion therettpocrfnbicttbk CD thereto; according to which opinion, fa certified aerfhr*

'T ment which hall have been the cause of such appeal find! be t

tered or confirmed: provided always, thatno*with(bnxfing*ny inch case To transmitted to any of the said justtoes, _jtidga^imr barons, the determination of the said of (bailfiaijd, with respect to the payments which shall become due preee* dent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or toron, upon such case. Or

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences agaitiff this a, for which there is no particular way. of levying herd prescribed or appointed, shall be recovered in any of isir Majesty's courts of record at jyeftmmjler, with costs f suit, bf Portion of debt or on the case, bill, suit, or information whewnr no essoin, protection, wager at law or more than one impart lance, shall be allowed.

Provided always, and be it eroded That11 dan^stables and headboroughs* tything men*and otherfcfemajestyv

uuran*officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoibed* tefae^ spectively aiding and a flirting in the execution of thisady nd to obey and execute such precepts and warrants arfhhllhtow them directed in that behalf by the respectivecoortmissionm

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered

Caaftabtes,

C to be ak ing and assisting in executing this act.

From Sept.

15, 1784, the following additional duties to be paid to his Majesty; videlicet.

hereby appointed, or any three or more of them. r t r

L And it is hereby further enacted by the atrtborrtyrafbto said. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, ahdjptid^ w and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and facaenbr % ijbt and upon the several good? herein after mentioned, which from hnd after the said fifteenth day of September onetboshod seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought hue this kingdom from' foreign parts, or be delivered out of the warehouses in which the same shall, on the said fiftcenritday of September, be lodged under (he care and custody of the pst pet officers for securing the duties heretofore (^yabte^thtorin, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, akcaflytfcto posed thereon, the several and resptflive, dude fhllnfiwg; (that is to lay; )

For every

pound of coconuts, the produce of brithh Amt

l^ifthe^pro or CVCI7 Pounc* weight avoirdupois of eogoa^vnt % duce of any*the growth or produce of any British colony or phuitimnht other place, America, and imported directly from thence, the sum C few

u.6d. pence:

For every And for every like pound weight of coconuts of inf otto feeuthe°frof* pace die °* onc Sidling and sixpence: .*:

duce of British For every like pound weight of coffee, of the growth'wi'f* America, See, duce of any British colony or plantation in am&k$i andhn» sd. ported directly from thence, the sum of sixpence:

But if the prp act for every like pound weight ofcoffc^ofaoy other place, the fam of two Shillings nd fixpcncci -

u*Jisf

duce of any other place, as Sd.

jh' V z:

V

<784, } Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 585

And in those proportions for any greater or Iefs quantity and New duties to the said duties (bail' also be subject and liable to an additional*°

import or duty of five pounds per centu, and five pounds per f^poftof^ centum thereon, which were imposed by two several acts of par percent, and lianot, made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of 5 pr cent. biaj^ujerty'f reign, for granting to his Majesty additional du,

taeoujpoa the produce of the several duties under the manage,

meat of the respective of of the customs and excile and Geo. in Great Britain. 1, C 66.

LI. And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the duties herein before granted upon the importation of Import da tie coconuts and coffee shall be under the management and dito be under rsrtion of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Eng the "* "*£* land and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready j^ra?ffio»ers money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; and the of the cuc. said duties shall be rairtd, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, toms, and to and shall be drawn bach upon the exportation Of the same b*p*idil*goods, in the same manner and form, and under such restric tiopfif penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and qacthodc, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are resptt^ively rairtd, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and also wed (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as folly, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again otnfted in the body of this present act. jlil And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Tint, from and after the said fifteenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several duties and |ynd duum* other hnpositions of excise, commonly called The Inland, upon cocoa upon all. coconuts or coffee imported, sold, or used in this nuts and eof tongdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay fatoccafe. able,

provided always, That in order to ease the merchants Clause foevs^' «ad.'importers of coffee and coconuts from the difficulty f enofcdeto* raying down the full duties imposed thereon by this act, it is, na cocoa hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said nuts, duties shall not be paid for any coffee or coconuts which shall Iwimperred into this kingdom, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, pcerridedithat such coffee or coconuts shall, ujion landing, be immediately lodged and secured under his majesty's locks, in fvsfc'wyrahtule os warehouses (to be provided at the expense of the importer or proprietor of such goods) as the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the gore of importation, shall approve of for that purport, and shall iot be taken out or delivered from such warehouse or ware rosea, but upon the following conditions; (that is to say, )

[f stich coffee or coconuts, or any part thereof, shall be defi cerdd for exportation to foreign parts, the same shall be subject iqd ii*bl$ to the Uk rtcurity, regulations, and restrictions, as

jt f £ '

86 1 Anno vicesimo quarto gepfegli ltl, C 39;

"Soft India goods prohibited to bp worn or ufod in are now liable to by law; but if such coffteor Cpcopfantejdr any part thereof, ftialt be taken out in order to be.wfi&j kingdom, the person or persons so taking out tbd faene Ofalhkrft pay down the raid additional duties, and tbdy (hdtfto.pty'oite reipe&s be liable to the same reftrusioni and aognjariotw is they would hare been fbb$e& and liable to if such topflpk th coconuts bad not been warehoused in purfcaocp of tbi^p: If such coffee" provided always, That if ftith coffee or cocoa bum J&W# or coconuts Either exported, or the duties paid fob the same, withsp <fwl*s ^al'n "be Calendar months front the importation thereof, but Qtill then the?tttie$0r continue and be remaining in the said warehoafe of wate paid, within 1* houses, in such case it shall and may be lawful fdr months, the (loners of his majesty's custotm for England ttaastotkmtht*4* ?tive'y» ior any three or more of them for the time to

n, a,j ", ^, w cause such coffee or Cocoa nuti, To remaining, to itcae, See. sold by auction, or irtef? of candle, to the best bidder jppdfi*

money arising by such Tale to be applied first irt dtforai^e. eftfce duties, and the expense's of such file; and the ewerplu % (jfwwy) to be paid to the importer or proprietor 6f faeh cofjfcexiepocpt nuts', or other persons legally authorised to receive (hcfiwpe; 'anything herein before Contained to the contrarry notwithstanding, ., 1 ..it:

XIV. And be it ftlrtfief enacted by the Authority ufnftfafif, Defendant That if any person or persons (halt at any tilde or tim b^b*d, may plead the molested, or profcuted, for anything by him or them: general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or of any elause, tnfratpfj^or thing herein contained', such person or persons ffadfl ipvi nay plead the general issue; and give the (pedal matter ifh et^opce for his or their defence; and if upon the triad a verbid, pass for the defendant ordefendants, or the plaintiff orptpin tiflfs shall discontinue any adlon, or fttffer nofcprov on^al become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants, ar have treble costs awarded to him or them agaiflft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.'.

<' CAP. XXXIX'5

f'.....'

Jin eft for granting annuities to satisfy yi&utfub

and transportbilu, and ordkanct debentures,

Most gracious Sovereign, f]

WE, you; Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have taken into our forious consideration the prefem date of the debt of your majesty's navy, and office of ordnance; a ndr feting: desirous to make same provision towards satisfaction thenron have resolved. That all persons interested in, or inti tied Opto, ! pny bill or bills payable iti the course of the nary or vidh^hih offices, or for transports. Which were made oat on oc brfo | the thirtieth day of fant, one thousand seven hundred

by Ctgbr

jatvd have treble colt.

[Preamble.]

il Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30* 5*7

jeighly twd, whoalrdady have cartied, br (hold, on or before r tw5 'tefttft day ofofftoer, one thousatnd seven hundred and "yufbw, carry the same after having had the interest there hom(tilted'and Marked upon the said bills at the navy or rflinftcffice respectively, to the office of the treasurer of 1ff$)pm*jdfyl'ttavyf mould have in exchange for the same, from "^hdwfeaftmayo* hiepaymaster or cashier, a certificate to the end Company of the bank of England., for every entire " ofleor morehundred pounds, of which such bill or bills,

'*wgrheafwkh the Uttered so marked, (hold consist (end also one' wmt certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, nlfeinief the remainder of such bill or bills; and the persons who

4feduld be petiefled of such first mentioned certificates, of the etttirtf fam of one er more hundred pounds, (hold, upon deli 'wry thereof to the said governor and company, be intituled, in - tefpetsfr of the same, to the sum of one hundred and (even

gedndl, ten fhfflines, and sixpence capital stock, for each one Hundred pounds of such trills made out on or before the said '* thfttieth dfy of June, ooe thousand seven hundred and, eighty'

'and have also resolved, That all perforts interested in, or < idtitted unto, any debentures payable out of the office of ord; uffrtfce/which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June,

1 utac fhottfimd seven hundred and eighty-two, who already have carried, or (hold, on or before the tenth day of October, onft (i^thdaflmd seven hundred and eighty (burr, parry the same to the tteafiarer of his majesty's office of ordnance and (hold have the interest oa such debentures computed after the rate of four'pounds per ttntum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen'tttowhs from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, ono 'thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and (hold have a ccr"' tificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount; of thb principal and interest of such debentures, and also a cer. 'iflfidrte for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, the first, the said certificates to be earned to the governor and com

L pttny of the bank of England, (hold be intituled, in respectbf. the same, to the fom of one hundred and seven pounds, ten billings, and sixpence capital stock, for each one hundred pounds of such debentures made out on or before the said thirty da day of June, one thousadd seven hundred and eighty-two, the" fed capital stock to he attended with annuities after the'rate of five pounds per centum per annum i We, your majesty's most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacfod by the - King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and 3jfcbn(ent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^'1'this prefbnt parliament assembled, and hythe authority of the

That all persons interested in or entitled unto any bill or All persons

bhls, payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or interested in

'dbrtthnlports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day ay n*v.jr or

't&j&ne, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, whb (hair,

1 er before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hun;

pr ordinance debenture, made out or dated on or before June jo, 17?*,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. cj'g^; nif 17s4;

dred and eighty foot, earry th lame, 'afterttliwilfg (fod^bgilfeer. terest thereupon computed up to the sfitrfe^dby of Jkftf thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and marked laid bills at the navyor vi&oalltng offices tefpe&lvaly, £oor!»tst: office of the treasurer of his majesty's rtavy, all tttvef 4ikfe«u change for the same, from such treasurer, or his payttuftaror cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the faflk of 'Engktdyfor every entire sum of one or more hundred poaudf of which such bill or bills, together with the i nte rest forrtarisd. thereupon, shall consist, and also one other certificate'for though fra&ional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder the amount of the principal and inteteft of such billor bills') t|d the persont who shall be possessed of such first mentionsml cewi £ ficates of the entire sum of one or more hundred pound, (hatl, Upon delivery thereof to the said governor and csdfpaiw^bs in tit led, in retpost of the fames to the Atm of one tamdtwbd (even pounds, ten Shillings, and sixpence capital deck, foftach one hundred pound, of fu b bills made out on or; beforo ths said. thirtieth day of June, one thpufirnd seven hundred and eighty-two; and also that all persons imerested in or/knitted' unto any debentures, payable out of the office of cvntevance, which were dated on or before the t hirtieth day of juats one thousand seven hundred and eighty two Who (hah, onirbp* fore the tenth day of October, one tlioufend 'seven hundred amd who shall, on eighty-four, carry the same to the treasurer of his' majesty'so£ or before Oct. fice of ordnance, and shall have the interest on such debentures 1 "17p+' f computed after the rate of four pounds per, eenttm m*math

tovh. v/lpeft from though expiration of fifteen months from the date theredf^'te jve treasurer, the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred, and! eighty snd have the supr, and shall nave a certificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of principal and interest of such debdt^ tores, ynd also a certificate for the fractional part of onehuhdnai ppundt, the first of the said certificates to be carried to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall bd vnritlerf, in respectof the same, to the sum of one hundred andfotat the bank nd p°upds,on Shillings and sixpence capital stock, for bach ooe be intuit'd to hundred pounds of such debentures made out on or before s07l. 101. 6d. said.thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundredaod flock for the eighty-two; which said Capital flock shall be attended' wjthan amt* "ft* after the rate of five pounds per ttnium per annum? to commence from the fifth day of July, one thousand fcwua hundred and eighty-four, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein afipr mentioned. 1

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perform, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, ash shall be podefied of, interested. in, or entitled unto any bill or bills, payable in course out of his Majesty's offices of the navy pr yidfualling, or for ttanfporis, or any debenture or debentures, payable ouf of his Majesty's office of ordnance, wbsd)

W«B

[' tized

interci^ com pufed the e qn, shall have a certificate jfor every jopl. to the

governor of

fxnu

Jerfont ppf feifffd of mvy, or victualling bitw.&c. daud pit W before

j£jn«r, Wiirfz.

?q deliver |iif m to the

*7*4*1' iqtjartagbqrgh lit C 39* -

flrcrejrfifpe&hwty mfcdcow or dated in the said respect'we offices, respective n cmbeforethe, thirtieth day of jum, one thousand seven hun j

1 red asd: eightyrtwo» to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or e. before*dcbwpuwoes, 40.the respective treasure»of the said offices, to be Oct. to, 17s4. marked, cancelled, and certified, in inch manner as is herein aftevcnsenttaocd, at any time on or before the tenth day of o£iokmi: os)fi thouiaad seven hundred and eighty-four, acid at suchhpbge orplaccs as shall have been appointed by notice givmvia the lmdon gnztut, and other public papers for that

punefe,

HI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the intsreft which became due on the Intend which (aidififth day ofij^, one thousand seven hundred and eighty due fomi, for and in respect of such of the said navy, viduajling, nmdctranip^rt, bills as hear an interest, shall be computed and bills, '&c. fall malt seed u pea the said, bills at the navy or victualling office re be marked spetfthwly, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his thereon, be msjtftji navy j and the proper officer and officers of his Ma jj? y lefty'* navy office and victualling office respectively, is and are e treasurer. hetaby authorised and required to compute and mark the in tetyft as aforesaid, upon every fitch bill which shall be tendered ^odtiot.or them for that purpose

and! be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his Treasurer of majesto's navy for the time beings to take in and receive from the azvy to alk and ©veryrperson or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies n

pqhtkk or.corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, in m oft. to, tecefied in, or entitled unto, any such navy, victualling, or 1784. trapsport bills, all the said bills which any such per Tonne or per fariv bodies politic or, corporate, shall, on or before the said tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and cigbty

schir, deliver te such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his Bitlitobvcan. pay mailer and celhier, is and are hereby authorised and requir celleo, and ed to markrand cancel every such.bill, and make fonhandagn the certificates herein directed to be. made out in lieu of the said. jfeuthereof, fastis; nd that i( also shall and may be lawful to and for thee. of his Majesty's office of ordnance, in like manner, to tai^p in all such debentures, payable out of the said office of iocd* nancev i which, on or before the said teoth day of Oftsdrr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be delivered ta him? and the said lad mentioned treasurer, or his deputy, is hwefay)authorized and required.to.caned the same, and.to make forth.and figa the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such debentures.

V land be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid -

all and every person and persons. and cor Every certig petetq, who shall deliver any such bill or bills, debenture or este for tooi*

debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid: tq by:

certificates as are hereby directed to be made caat i^forth by the said treasurers, in ijeu.pffoch.bills and debentures, F'

of the prinfipai. Aim hcwl^. granted for every*' 1

entire

§99

to be paid at the bank half yearly.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1784.

entire funaof pan hundred pounds contained in such r^fpfe&rrt certificates have and be intitled to an annuity after the rafttof five pounds per centum personnicm, to commence front thegrid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ei^htjr»rwr, and to be paid or payable to such person orpetlbm, bodies politic or corporate, or such as he, she, or they flnll appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or afigns respectively; which said annuity shall be payable half yearly at the bank of England, at twos the most usual dayk Of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth, day of January, and Ae fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to btkotwt'dafc on the fifth day of January, One thousand fey in hundred aritf eighty-five; and that alt persons and corporations, intitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, 'and their"adqud firators, successors, and assigns respedkyely, and all persons aid corporations lawfully claiming Under hitn, her, of them, IM1 have good, sure, absolute, and indeferaableeftatfci and kfterth in the said annuities, according to the tenor andfriiemeio!» of this act, and shall be possessed thereof is of a personissdsaft, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to Unf fdhign attachment by the custom bf 'Lmddn, Ot othenwfe, aby Mr, custom, or usage, to the contrary itotwithftihding; artdrtnt all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes,: charges, and impositions whatsoever. J'.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afairefed, That the said annuities, after the rate of fife pbdrtds per Bit per a/mum, shall be charged and chargeable upon; add piyshe out of, < the moneys which shall from rhyme to timet arlffe aridk! n muon n re'pt of the exchequer, of the fund to be established in knd collateral. tw* session of parliament, Ond ft>r which the fund, cctfijoftcfly lyontbtfink calied, ^Sitting Fund, shall be a cohatentfecifrity; arnfffiit

Annuities to be tax free.

Anntritfc* charged on fc fund to be established this session.

iigfi

Treasurer of the navy to give certificates for bills.

and the tr*a furfef of the btdnance for ttetfentaitf.

thafid annuities shaft a>e irredeemable utlth twenty.five'tm! liony of the public. debt, 'bearing rntcreft after the rateof other three, pounds per centum per annum, or four boumds prr rhem perjmmnt, shall have been redeemed and paid off' '

And be it further enacted by the authokty aforefiftl, That, upon the delivering in of every such hast, victuaising, or traasport bill, by any person or persons, 'bodies pbliriel: er corporate, the treasurer Of his majesty's navy, orhispaytnifer and caftnef, shall, and they are hereby authorised and teqoned forthwith to give a certificate signed by him Or them fwrfhe principal um or sums contained in every such trill, 'arid asso for ithe interest which shall have been computed and marled aforesaid to be due on the said fifth day of Jnfy, one thou Rod seven hundred and eighry four. Upon such of life Rid frilhias bear an interest, to such person. Or persons, bddiei polhidt er corporate, or his, her, or their afiigris t and twit upon the So livering in by any person or persons, bodies politic or rate, of every fuen debenture or debentures, the n'eafuferbfhit majesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they in hereby authorised and retired forthwith tb' givi'a 'rtfrifiert,

' figius

4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39v 59

Bby tfiesaidtreasurer, or deputy, for the principal futfc fts contained m every Rich debenture, and also for the inch such debentures, computed after the rate Of four pounds htuhpet ornum, from the expiration of fifteen months ftotft ate thereof to the isfth day of July one thoilfend feveh 'ed and eighty-four, to such perfbri or persons, bodies poor corporate, or his, heros their assigns; and all such Certificates ffertificates shall be assignable by endorsement thereupon, made assignable tnlf. jj any time before the twemy first day of December, one thori,

and seven hundred and eighty-four. Arid no longer j and all'* C 'each certificates and alignments thereupon shall not ba charged feltfi any amp duties whatsoever; and that the interest, so jpmputed and marked on every sikh bill and debenture respedu Srcjy bearing interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill and debenture respectively, m.d. the amoutvt of such principal and interest, or the amount of the sum coptained in every such bql and debenture not bearing interest, certified in manner before directed, except as hert n after is mentioned, shall be the principal Turns for which the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, delivering such pijls'or debentures, shall be entitled to an annuity after the fan! rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII Aria be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates of fra&onal parts of one Or more hundred Certificates of pounds, shall be paid by the treftfurer of his majesty's navy, fractional iccording to (lie course of the navy, in such order as the bills n part of which such certificates shall have been granted Were n9w'

Ktyable $ and t!jat all certificates of fractional parts of one or more hundred pounds of such debentures shall be paid by the: reasurer of his majesty's office of ordnance; and such Of though paid certificates so to be granted in part of bills bearing interest,

shall, from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry interest after such rate is would save been payable in respect of the sums mentioned in the said nils4 Anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and that sul the said certificates which shall not' have been Certificates lelivered to the treasurer of his majesty's riavy, (half and iriay not delivered e aifigrfable, by Endorsement thereupon Made, until the (femet0 tl!55re*rur' hall be paid in the course of the navy as aforesaid'that «t°mly#beaf. lorie of the said assignriients shall be charged with Any stanftp signed, e. iuties whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority Aforesaid, That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, Or decease, of the Guardians of >arent, or other relation of such infants, or otherwise, become mir ntitled to any of the said bills or debentures, in such case, 'the 5e; uardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, of such infant 6r in beatnre*, Sea. antsi shall or may be, and He, (he, or they, is or are hereby rripowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver ' ip to such respective treasurers all such of the said bills or debentures to which such infant or infants shall be ft irihddd; irid such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, 'trustee or


cuafe relative to executors, C interested in

Anno vicesimo quarto.ggoron lu. C " £iy&4.

trustees, delivering of such b^ls or debentures ftuu be, iuidd la such an annuity as aforesaid V and the fiii^oardjuui ofnat^ dians* trullec or trustees, shall be discharge

anything herein contained or ny law ufag^or cuapo^ the contrary m any wise notwithstanding

X Provided alh>9 and be it further enacted t*y rity aforesaid, That any person or persons who as eaccutflf^i or admtnistrator* trustee, committee of an idiot or Iiynatidc^ or perforu of unfound mind depositary, or mortgagee shall bp or,

any such bill become possessed of, interested in, or entitled uqtq*

or deben fare.

laid bills or debentures shall and may deliver up ftk^vib^orj debenture as they shall be so possessed of, interested iry^of jo titled onto to such respective treasurers as aforesaid; a to executors or administrators, the annuities which they haa be entitled to in respect of the said bills or debentures, by i, han.

in their haods^ sits^i

delivered up, shall be the same assets bills or debentures were or would have been had ^ey 'opm so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid j and.ais ta tn

committees depositaries, and mortgagees the; annqi^7vjjfa4 they shall be entitled unto, for or in refge&

Bask impow ered to receive certificate

and to give

credit, for the

111411 uc iiuujgu uuivs* is ui ilk itiwgu yv tuw £ u

mortgaged bills or debentures which they mall lo deliver such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subjccsl an^jjabtn to the same trusts and equity of redemption, as such hills oc.de> bentures were or would have been, had they not heeiv.so. cb. vered up for such annuity as aforesaid.: f.; / y

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor sod company of the bank of England, and their fucccftore^ar person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and ibe and they is and are hereby respectively authorised aodti^qujred to take in and receive au and every of the certificates, to nude out in lieu of the £ud bills and debentures as aforesaid, jut pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon' tty every such certificate shall, and he and they is and ajr^' hfrgty

mountthere requjrcd forthwith to give credit, ina book or books.ta; tc pfo °'0 pared for that purpose, for the principal sums contained, n ei^rj

such certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaidl. persons, bodies politic or corporate, to whose credit fyit^prin cipal sums shall be entered in the said book or boos? higher, or their executors, administrators, or a Signs, shall and jggay have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part ihaiv or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons? bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be. prepared, and kept for that purpose; and the Xaid governor and company. for the time being, shall also, on or before the twcoty nuifh tt»d day September y one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,

theexchequen transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper? of As 4*said book or books first herein before mentioned, into the docs of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, thcffi to remain for ever.

XII jfndy for tbf tngrf tafy and fare pajofent of the qnmiiy

owners.

A attested copy of such books to be

4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. $yj

Aijhfi by this oil, it i hereby farther enacted by the autho

aforesaid the said governpr and company of the bank Bank to ap ?nglanis, and their successors, shall, from time to time, appoint scant atld dinploy one or more sufficient person or persons, with their office in the city of London, to be their chief or full gtnef<l. tier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the ie office, to be their accountant general; and that the mo comriheoa* s ffbtn time tb time and at any time being in the receipt of of.tk* exchequer, of the fund to be established for paying the said tut ties, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, nie«ofthefai4 any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time fund to be rfg, cwithout any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, PJ oath bdtamed ih that behalf, be issued and paid, at the said re ^rasentef pt ilf exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or cashierstheanauities. kkfc ftfd governor and company of the bank of England, and ir fbccemrs for the time being, by way of impressed, and upon for the payment of the Cud annuities; and that such Merer cashiers, to whom the said moneys shall, from time tune be issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, ap y pay the same accordingly, and render his or their ac utrtf thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said account accoantane tt general for the time being shall'time to time, inspect g«n*r»l to said examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or dhiers, and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to prepayments, C mt iny fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

the moneys, intended to be converted into annuities by ahthemmlea ibab'bf this act, mail be deemed, reputed, and taken to be tobeconvert le cipkal or joint Rock, on which the said annuities, after the tiet'by Mt' Id tare of five pounds per antum per annum, shall be attending; be one Idthatall and every person and persons, and corporations what joint stock, Kever, in 'Proportion to the money which he, she, or they shall e inti tied to, as aforesaid, shall nave, and be deemed to have, pfdporrional interest and share in the said Rock, and in the ihffltyattending the same, at the rate aforesaid; and that the which shall be'jd vdrae capital or joint (lock, or any share or iqterest there assignabk.

1) end the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be itgname and trimsferrable, as this act directs, and not other ife; and that there shall conrsntly be kept in the office of the Books to be lidsceeun tint general for the time being, within the city of kept by the Mon, a book or books, wherein all assignments or transfers fshe fsitf whole capital or joint Rock, or any part thereof, and f^tering he proportional annuity attending the lame, at the rate afore transfers. lidyfhaltbe entered and regirered; which entries shall be con Manner ofi, eived itt proper words for that purpose, and Rull be signed by transferring

Ife parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if any such' larty or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or at ofnfes, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his,

» or (heir hands and teals, to be attered by two or more rtdiwe witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom Inch -

Iraniftr

Annuities may be devis diy will

Bank to continue a corporation, not withstanding the redemption of their thuds.

tfo see to be taken for aw puting interest, or cancelling bill ftc.

on penalty of ou

of of the tre^fury may reward alt persons employed in executing this act.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii

transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, ha or their acceptance thereof $ and that no other metfitkf of'adsgp ing or transferring the said (lock, and the annuities j&etiaupg the same, or any part thereof, or any interefr therein, (batt le good and available in law, and that no stamp dnrfes^ipaxibcfal shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them

3fv. Provided always, That all persons possesse^ of any Start or interest in the said joint dock of annuities, or ay eftoe X iutered therein, may devise the lame by w31 in lyriting, atrdbd by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment flujj be made upon any such devise until so much of the af wi in relates to such estate, share, or iqterect, be entered in tbcrcxi ofbcej and that in default of such transfer or devise firth tstate, or iptered, shall go to the executors, admimftratorfcib: cefiars, and assigns.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby farther enacted byd*

authority aforesaid, That the said governor and coenpany of the bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the n: -

depoption of all or any of their own funds, in pudoance of the acts for eftahluhing the same, or any of them, fhafi continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the find annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this a (St.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demand ed or taken for computing and marking the interest on the b4 bills or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the dud bills or debentures, or any of them orfpr gfentldg certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for dluing the maiu for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for may teans fer of any sum, great or small, to be made in fwfiuuioc of this act; upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to this act, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the

n grieyed; to be recovered, with fulicofbof uit faaratftion: bt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi

Courts of record t wherein no cflbiif, rptpia^so,

privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order 9* f^fti^unt, pc any more than one imparlance, shall be granted of sjipwetl.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by tibe aforesaid, That the commissioners of the trpafury, pr jipy (tap or more of them now being, or the high treaforfr, or aqy or more of the commufioners of the treasury for the.faapftf shall have power, and they are hereby authorised pg < fund to be established irj this fefzapn of patliupeot'; fcf.; I of the annuities granted by this act, or out of th? £hl4r to reward all such persons a shall be any ways ernpfoyctjot.v execution of this act, for their fejvice, pains, j

plfo to defray such incident charges jts j(h?iu 4

784 I Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4a

lie same j and also to appoint such allowances as they shall (link. proper for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or afhi^rs of the £ald governor and company of the bank of Engine!, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annui ies made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, nd trouble of the accountant general of the said governor and orupany, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on him V

y this ad; all which allowances, hereby empowered to be,

made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, f any officer or officers of the said governor and company of > lf b^pkpf England shall be for the use and benefit of the said ovanpr and company, and at their disposal only; anything: erein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Hhat if apypersonor persons shall at any time or times be sued. Defendants nolested, qr prosecuted for anything by bim or them done or raaf acecuted in purfuaqce of this act, or of any matter or thing gencrai herein contained, such person or perfyts shall and may plead he general site, and give the speciqj matter in evidenc^jor his r their defence and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or lefendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or heir action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against tim or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant r defendants shall have treble costs to him qr them awarded an?.rec, I? gftin^ Inch, plaintiff or plaintiffs, treble costs

- XL

in Oil ftr granting Johis Majesty additional duties on Knots printed

painted famed, tr dyed in Great Britain; and for granting ter tain duties on cotton fluff's bleached pr dyed in Great Britain and

sn liuntesj fm pleaching or dying the f and upon the.

tation tffuffs nude.if, or mixed with cotton, not painted, flatbed, or dytdtn foreign parts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

117 £, 'your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble 7 commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies for your majesty's public ex >ences, tiave cheerfully resolved to give and grant to your Majesty he.additional rateis and duties herein after mentioned, upon all inens which shall be printed, painted, (lained, or dyed in Great Britain, and the several rates and duties herein after mentioned ipon all duffs made bf cotton and linen mixed, and duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great, which shall be ither bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and upon licences for teaching or dying such duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, nd duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain ", nd do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent

majesty.

59 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1784.

"*3*' by and the avec and consent of the lord fpi lomn? addi ntua* an temporal, and commons, in this present parliament tiona*duties assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and to be paid to after the first day of October* one thousand seven hundred and his Majesty eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, fdiolu^made to anc^u^c his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for of hemp or an upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, which, at flax, and any time or times after the said first day of q$obtry one thou ftuffi made of sand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be printed, painted, cotton*and or dyed in Great Britain, (such linens as shall be dyed

linen, reckon throughout of one colour pnly, always excepted), the additional ingyard wide; rates and duties herein after expressed over and above all other videlicet, duties payable for the same; that is to say.

For all linens fr an upon*nens wholly made of hemp or flair, to be made of hemp printed, painted, stained, or dyed as aforesaid, in Great Britain or flax, print (fudh linens as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, ed, «lyed, <fec. always excepted), the sum of three farthiqgs for every yard in Sn 7ex«rptength» reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater those dyedp or lesser quantity: throughout of one colour), three farthings per yard t

For cotton For and upon ah ft115 made of cotton and linen mixed, and (tufts, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain to

cotton and be bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britain, (not bring

dyed airfare awns or gau's of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with said in Great cotton), which shall be under the value of three Shillings by the Britain, (not yard in length, without respect to the breadth, before the lame being Imen shall be bleached or dyed, the sum of one penny for every yard in ^ed^itfeot" fcogtfh reckoning yard wide, and after that rate fora greater dr founder'lesser quantity:

3*. per yard in value, — *i d. per yard s

For all such And for and upon all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, stuffs as afore, ancj stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain ssfperymrd, to* bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britaint (not bring or upwards, 'lawns or gauzes of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged ad. per yard, with cotton), which shall be of the value of three Shillings by the yard in length, without respect to the breadth, or of greaser value, before the same shall be bleached or dyed, tbfc luoa of twopence for every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeud, New duties to That the said duties upon linens, printed, painted, stained or Jj? fu$ifv t01 dyed Great Britain, and upon stuffs made of cotton aoi imports of linen m*xe^> and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in percent, on Great Britain shall be subject and liable to the additional duties the amount or imposts of five pounds per centum and five pounds feran* arreted*b* tum an ve p°v»nds ptr centum, on the produce and amount Geo. 3. CI t^erco^ respectively, in the same manner, and under the ham at Geo. %, C regulations as the additional duties of five pounds per centnm* 17 j and 11 five pounds ter centum, and five pounds per centum arc granted eco. & C 66. q his Majellty by three several acts of parliament made in the

nine

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 597

nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of his preterit majesty's reign.

III. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties by this act imposed uport all linens wholly Duties on made of hemp or flax, so printed, painted, stained, or dyed in luieiis to be Great Britain, shall, from time to time be raised, levied, ascer reco^re/iiv tained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, by such ways the same man. and means, and under such management, and under such pe ner as those Dairies and forfeitures, and with the like discounts, allowances, imposed by exemptions, and drawbacks, and in such manner and form as the duties imposed upon the same commodities, by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying several a 10 Ann, duties upon soap, paper, chequered and flriped linens, and upon cer C91 tain fills, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or stained

other things thereby charged), towards raising the futn, of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on soap and paper, and and i Anns, upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, and fluff's, amongst other things C 9> C thereby charged, towards raising the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned, or by any other act or acts of parliament by either of the said two acts of Queen Anne referred unto, or by any other act of parliament since made, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid.

IV. And, for the better securing the duties by this act granted upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Greait Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such proper stamps or seals shall, on or before On or before the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty Odt. r, 1784., four, be provided and distributed by the commissioners for ma j^nboted by naging the several duties by the said two former act, and by lhe commis this act, chargeable on the said commodities, as may serve to Goners for denote the payment or charging of the several duties by this act managing thd and the said former acts, chargeable on the same commodities on respectively; and that the said stamps or seals by this act direct,

ed to be provided, shall be used and applied accordingly, and which may be shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by renewed or the said of as often as they shall see fit so renew or altere<1* alter the same.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all provhlons of the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains of death, and former acts other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and ^jeghefeby things whatsoever, contained in the said several acts of the tenth enlarged, ex and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, for raising, re tended to this ceiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the duties a

on such commodities as are by this act charged with additional duties, or touching the stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional duties by this act charged upon the same commodities,

Vol. XXXIV S f and

Front Oct. i, 1784, the following duties on licences to be paid to his Majesty j videlicet.

Every bleacher or dyer of cotton stuffs, See. al. per ann.

From Oct. f, 1784, no person to bleach or dye any such stuffs, without taking out a licence.

Licences in England and Wales, by whom to be granted s

and in Scotland.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii UJ. c. 40.

[17*4.

and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to au interns and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present act

VI. And be it further enacted: by the authority sfonesaid. That there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succeslora, from and after the first day of October9 one thousand feym hundred and eighty-four, the several duties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several licences to be taken out in manner herein after mentioned, by all bleachers or dyers, within Great Britain, of (luff's made of cotton and lipen mixed, or (buffi wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; that is to lay.

Every bleacher or dyer of stuffs made of cotton and line mixed, or of duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same yearly the sum of two pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, qo person or perlom vrbatfo ever, who now doth, or at any time hereafter shall bdeath or dye any duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or any ftofis wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, & au pe fupie by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, forhii, her, or their benefit, either publicly or privately, to bleacher dye any such stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or whovy made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, without first taking out a licence for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall bleach or dye any such duffs as aforesaid; for which licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down foi the same the sum of two pounds in manner following; that is to say. If fitdt licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, then such licence shall be granted under the heads and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissionera ofex cife for the time being, or of such person or personas the cogh missioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that pqr pose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at she chief cjffice of excise in London; or if such licence shall be taken our in lay part of England not within the said limits, or in Woks vc Berwick upon Tweed, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise naihln their respective collections and didri&s, and the duty for jibe same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted: and in case such hcenoe shall be taken out within the limits of the city of b4mkergby such licence shall be granted under the hands and seats of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excifo in Sentinelfor

the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioo

1^54^1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 599

tts of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; or if such licence shall be taketl out ih any other pafrt of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise within their reppetfive collections and distriifts, and the duty for the same shall be paid so the collector of ekeife within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and such respective of of ekdfe, and the persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and e so all such collectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who N shall apply for the same, upon their paying the duty herein-before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every perforl or persons who shall take out any such LI Licences to be cence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take Out a fresh rene.^c<1 licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar nuary* months after taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they pteflime to bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and in the fattie manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of two pounds for every new or renewed licence, in the manner, and at the places and times herein-before mentioned: and if any person or persons shall, after the Persons (kid first day of Oflbbei', one thousand seven hundred and eighty bkaebing.ftc. four, prefome or offer to bleach or dye arty such stuffs as afore outaji "aid, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the cence, and ame yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectrenewing the tively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for each offence: £a.mc to.tof* provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying on p f their trade and business in any one house or place only, shall partnership sot be obliged to take out more than one licence in any one need not take fear for. carrying On such trade; and that no one licence which out more than shall be granted by virtue of this at, shall authorise or empower nc lienee my person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to for oue ouc* bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid in any other house or ilace than the house wherein he, she, or they did bleach or dye ueh stuffs as aforesaid, or in places thereto belonging, at the ime of granting such licence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as*are charged upon such licences Duties to be n England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the ma mder the management of the of and officers of his "ommissionerf Vldefty*9 revenue of excise in England for the time being; and of excise. uch of the said duties as are charged upon such licences in scot 'and, shall be under the management of the of and >fficers of excise in Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who, on or Bleachers and before the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred AY*T* to m.d. eighty-four, shall bleach or dye any stuffs made of cotton excifa

6oo

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1784.

names and places of aoode, Sec,

and of their utensils,

on penalty of 501.

office of their and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, so that a duty shall be payable by this al upon the

bleaching or dying the same, shall on or before the said first day of obober^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, give or leave notice in writing, at the next office of excite, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the place or places where every such person or persons do usually bleach or dye such stuffs as aforesaid; and that all and every such bleacher or dyer, as often as he, she, or they shall change their ces of bleaching or dying any of the said stuffs, and all and C cry per soil and persons who at any time shall be a bleacher o: dyer of any such stuffs as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like notice of their respective names and places of abode, and of the rooms and places where they shall respectively work or intend to work in such bleaching or dying, and of the places where they respectively shall dry or intend to dry any such stuffs as aforesaid, and of all coppers, fats, and other utensils by them used in bleaching or dying, before they respectively presume to work tn any such new or other place or places, or to use such copper, sat, or other utensil, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every neglect or default by not giving such notice as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bleachers and That, from and after the said first day of obober, one thousand dyers to make seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and persons entry every w bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, upon the

bleaching or dying whereof a duty is chargeable by this av. % shall, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excise, of all such stuffs as aforesaid so by him, her, or them severally bleached or dyed within every such six weeks respectively, which entries shall contain the just kinds and quantities thereof; and if such bleacher or dyer be not the true owner of such stuffs, or any of them, so bleached or dyed, then, and in every such case, he, she, or they, in every such entry, shall specify the names and places of abode of the persons who are the owners thereof, or for whose account they respectively do bleach or dye the same; which entry shall be made upon the oath of the bleacher or dyer, or of his, her, or their chief workman employed, to the best of their knowledge and belief, or, being a Quaker, upon his or her solemn affirmation; and the said oaths and affirmations to verify such entries shall and may be administered by the proper collector or supervisor of the distiitf within which such bleacher of dyer doth inhabit, without any see of charge for the same.

XII. Provided always, That no person, for the making such entries, oaths, or affirmations as, are last mentioned, shall be

' obliged to go or send further than the market town where his or her stuffs made of cotton only, or of cotton and linen mixed, are bleached or dyed, or the next market town to the place of bleaching'or dying the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Th it

six weeks.

Names and places of abode of the owners to be specified.

Need not go further than the next mar ket town for making entries.

[7&4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 601

That all and every person and persons who shall bleach or dye Duties to be

my such stuffs as aforesaid in Great Britain shall from time to

: ime, within six weeks after he, she, or they shall make, or

Dught to have made, such entry as aforesaid, clear off all the

aid duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all

uch stuffs as shall have been bleached or dyed by him, her, or

hem respectivety as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every on p?narty of

iefault therein, double the sum of the same duties whereof the forfeiting

payment shall be so neglected; and that no such person, after

uch default in payment made, shall deliver or carryout, or pajd#c

rause to be delivered or carried out, any such bleached or dyed

oods, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, on pain to orfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried

dut.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise shall at all times, by day Officers may,: r by night, and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, ^crthe r other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their houses, See. of 'equest, to enter into the house, workhouse, dryinghouse, ware bleachers or aouse, field, or other place, belonging to or used by any person or dyers, and Dersons who shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and

0 take a just account of the kinds and quantities thereof which make report hall have been bleached or dyed by such person or persons thereof to the: rom time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in commission writing to the respective commissioners of excise, or such per ers>

bn or persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the ame; leaving a true copy, if demanded, of such report, in Copy of rewriting under his hand, with or for the said bleacher or dyer p?rt to bheft espectively, and such report or return shall be a charge upon^blca" very such bleacher or dyer respectively; and if the said officer*hall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report it the time of taking such account, the same being demanded on penalty of is aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall for 40s. eit the sum of forty Shillings to every such bleacher or dyer re 'peftively.

XV. Provided always, That every officer who shall be im Officers im fxwered to make such charge as is last mentioned, shall, in the {^vtuch0 first place, be sworn for the due and faithful execution of his charge, 0 to be office, and the oath in that behalf shall and may be administered sworn

by all or any of the commissioners of excise, or by any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall give to such officer

1 certificate thereof.

XVI. Andy for the better preventing of fraudsy be it further

mailed, That all and every the officers of excise shall also be Officers may >ermltted to take an account of the quantities of the said stuffs at any time, which shall at any time or times be in the custody or possession countofttuffo f any bleacher or dyer to be bleached or dyed j and in case any posies >fficer shall mils any quantity or quantities of such stuffs where fion of any )she had taken an account at his last survey, then, and in bleacher, jvefy such case, such officer shall charge such bleacher or dyer

S f 3 with

Anno vicesimo quarto geof qu Ilk C 49* vrith the duties of such stuffs so missing, as if the same w bleached or dyed.

Persons ob

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons v|ho

certo forfeit b^cac^ or ye any & the afore^d, shall obstru&,

acol r CU hinder any of the said officers in the execution of the pp^ers given by this act for afeettaining and securing the duties thtfcf upon, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&ud. Staffs prepar That if any bleacher or dyer of stuffs made of cotton and Jipen ed for bleach mixed, or wholly made of cotten wool, wove in Great Britain (bait before mea? bleach or dye such stuffs, or prepare the same for bleaching .41 Cured! &c?by dying, before the same shall have been measured and marked it the officer, to both ends thereof by the officer of excise with a frame mark de be forfeited, noting the measure thereof, then, and in every such case, be edcv0*ef0r^f bleached or dyed, or preparing for bleaching or

pl.ccc* dying, before being so measured and marked by the officer, shall be forfeited, and the bleacher or dyer, in whose potfession the same (hah be found, shall forfeit; twenty pounds for every piece.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiiud.

Bleached That no person or persons who shall bleach or dye any of the itre* no0ed° c^argea^c w*lh lie duties by this act, shall

unblth/offi movo, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or cer have lent away, any of the said stuffs by him, her, or them bleached! taken an ac dyed, until such time as the proper officer shall have taken an and"*arked^ accownt f every particular quantity of such duffs so to be car the same C rie away and unt»l every particular piece or parcel or tem

1 nant of such stuffs, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a damp or seal, or damps or seals, denoting the charging tjbtf duty as this act directs, on pain of forfeiting the Him of twenty on penalty of pounds for every such offence 5 and that all such duffs, so car forfeiture. ried away without being marked with a.damp or seal, or damps or seals, denoting the charging the said duties, and being found in the possession of jmy draper, or other trader or dealer thermo, or of any person for the use of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited, and may be fei^ed by any officer of excise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any bleacher or dyer of such duffs as aforesaid oumbeoffi wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wildilly foffir cer's mark to to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put denote the by the officer on any piece of such duffs as aforesaid, to de measure, shall nqtc the measure thereof, every such bleacher or dyer shall for* torteit 101. feit the sum Of tcn pl, n(js for every piece on which the said Goods forvey frame mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defretd* ed to be kept

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every patate from he said bleachers and dyers of such duffs as aforesaid, shall v«y h 0t iur" from l*mc to t'me ^eep muah of the lame goods as shall not have been farveyed and taken an account Of by the prope office

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.' 603

?ers* fepttrafe and apart from all others of the same kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the sum of five pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Nogoods to okachefs or dyers shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to befraudulent e hid and concealed, any such stuffs before or after the same, y concealed, ire bleached or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majesty, of orphan'd* Ik just duties by this act granted, then, and in every such case, also the goods he party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for

jvery such offence, and all the stuffs which shall be found in my private workhouse, or other place whereof no notice shall lave been given as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be be forced by any officer of excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the utensils and instruments for the bleaching or dying Utensilsto be iny such stuffs as aforesaid, in the custody of any such bleacher liable toar r dyer as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of, or jar, ofdiw ntruft for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are here ie, # by made chargeable with all the debts and duties in arrear and ywing by such bleacher or dyer for any such stuffs bleached or" dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhouses or places aforesaid; and shall be also subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such workhouse or there place, for any offence against this act relating to the du ies on such stuffs as aforesaid so bleached or dyed; and it shall oe lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use'uch proceedings as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to such goods, in case the debtor or offender were the true ind lawful owner of the same.

XXIV. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, tollefling,

'rvjsing, raising, and fe curing, the several duties by this act imposed ipon all fluff's made of cotton and linen mixed, or wholly made of cot on wool, wave in Great Britain, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, wd for preventing frauds concerning the same; be it further enact;

; by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as Dutiesoncotire chargeable upon such stuffs bleached or dyed in England, tonne stuffs, C tvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management to be undtr of the of and officers of excise in England for the the manage ime being; and such of the said duties as are chargeable upon uch stuffs bleached or dyed in Scotland, shall be under the ma excise. tagement of the of and officers of excise in Scotland or the time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission that the respective commissioners of excise shall; on or before ers to provide he first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*frame marks, our, provide proper frame marks, to denote the measure of such to denote the luffs as aforesaid, and proper seals or damps, to denote the stampsto^e barging the duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective note the du rame marks, seals and (lamps, to be distributed to the respecties.

ive officers for the several pifrposes before mentioned; which

S f 4 officers

69f Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1784.

officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using thcxame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the duffs to be so marked or damped; and the said damps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to tjine, a*the said respective of shall from time to time think fit: Persons frau anfany person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time or times dulentlycoun hereafter, counterfeit or forge any damp or seal to referable any terfeiting damp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this act,

stampt, to denote the charging the duties on the said Huffs, or dull

counterfeit or resemble the impreleon of the same upon any of the duffs chargeable by this act, thereby to defraud his ma jedy, his heirs or successors, of the said duty hereby granted, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in doe to suffer death form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as as felons. in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and if any person

Penalty on or persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, sell any such persons fell stuffs as aforesaid with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the

with^coun^ kme to counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his terfeit stamp Majesty, his heirs and successors, all and every such offender thereon. end offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being duly, convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit, and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in some public place, for the space of two hours.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any such That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible stuffs arc fuf person or persons, that he, she, or they have reason tofofpcd pefted to be or believe that any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a duty

0usht to have been Paid or charged by this af are or shall he C unit amp in custody or possession of any draper, or other person or ed, the com persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any person or perfos ministers, C for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, warrant to or without having thereupon such seals or (lamps as are

search for the ty ac required to denote the payment, or charging the

fom$t said duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the respective

of of excise, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any two justices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from, time to time, to issue their respe6uve warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the assistance of a constable or other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open doors, chests, trunks, and packages, and to seize/uch stuffs, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be so seized, in order, to a further proceeding thereupon according to this act; and that every such warrant and order shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XXVII and for the better ascertaining the duties U be paid sir suchfujfs as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority

pkcc°f aforela, C That every manufacturer of the said stuffs, or other marked be v*rton who shall put out or send any of the said stuffs to be fore bleached, bleached or dyed, shall mark every piece, or pepmapt of a piece,

It

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgia. C 40,

6 C 5

it both end thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name apd place of abode, and also the price or value; that is to say, whether the said fluff be of the price or value of three Shillings or upwards, or under the value of three 'Shillings by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof 5 and shall also deliver a note in writing with A note to be the said stuffs to the bleacher or dyer, expressing the number of delivered to pieces, their quality and Value; that is to say, whether of the ^edb, C value of three Shillings by the yard in length, or upwards, or puffing the under that value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to number of such bleacher or dyer; which note the said bleacher or dyer pieces, C shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said stuffs before the same shall be bleached or dyed, on pain that every piece of such fluff, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise; and that penalty on tyre manufacturer or other person putting out or sending such omitting piece, not so marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose tie cher oubc ftwn of twenty pounds; and that every bleacher or dyer who ti0nedpluti shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid on his own ac cubes count, shall, before he begins to, bleach or dye the same, mark each ^)iece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the quality and the price or value; that is to say, whether the said fluff be of the price or value of three Shillings or upwards, or under the value of three Shillings by the yard in length without respeil to the breadth thereof, before he begins to bleach or dye the same, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every neglect; and also that the said duffs, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise: and in case any such manu Penalty on fadturer or other person, so putting out or sending such stuffs to faliely mark be bleached or dyed.as aforesaid, or any such bleacher or dyer, b!s.a, iy Puc shall mark any piece or remnant of such stuffs, being really of 01 u f the value of three Shillings or upwards by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof, as being under the value of three Shillings by the yard in length, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXVIII. And whereas it may happen, in the bleaching or dying the said fluff's, that the frame marks sit thereupon by the officer of excise, to denote the measure thereof may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When frame when the said frame marks shall become obliterated or defaced, j£meobhter the bleacher or dyer, who shall bleach or dye the said stuffs, atc(j, they are shall give notice thereof to the officer of excise under whose fur to be renewed vey he is, and require the said officer to renew the said frame

mark, who shall renew the same accordingly. Stuffs for

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore whic^the r: J 'T"L " " 1 -, f e -- r " ' has been

VMM.*

vie may be for exported.

6o6

Stuffs reland dafter topping thereof for exportation, to be forfeited.

Exporters of goods for which the duties have been paid, entitled to a drawback.

Directions relative to ex porting ituffs,

Anno vicesimo quarto gsor'oli HL & b [1784.

for any such stuffs as aforesaid, bleached or dydd m Greet tri tattiy and for any other person or persons who fh&hbby, cir be lawfully entitled to any such stuffs as aforesaid, froffi the perfott or persons who actually paid his majesty's duties payable bj this afor the same, to export any such stuffs, for which At duty was so paid, for any foreign parts, by way of ttkithiodze, giving sufficient security before the shipping thereof that Ac particular quantities so intended to b exported, and every pan thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be rekwm or brought again into any port of Great Britain; which fecwitj the customer or collector of the port of exportation (had tab in his majesty's name, and to his use: provided always, Tint ifj after the shipping of any such stuffs, and the giving or tendering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or ant part thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britehi that then, and in every such case, (over and above the penalty of the the bond which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use)) the said stuffs which shall be (b landed, or tk value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXX. And it is also hereby enacted, That anyperfcnor persons, who shall export any Ibch stuffs as aforesaid, to or for any foreign parts, shall and may make proof, upon oath, (or, being Quakers, by affirmation,) that the duties thereon hast been paid or secured according to this at, (which oath or affirmation the customer or collector of the port of exportation is hereby required and empowered to administer)) thereopon the said customer or colte&or of the said port of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, txpre^ iing the true kinds and quantities of the said stuffs, bleached or dyed, so exported; and the exportation thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector appointed to receive the said duties upon such stuffs as aforesaid, in tk county or place where such exportation was made, upon producing the said debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay the duties which shall have been received upon this act fa the stuffs so exported, to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents; and if such collector shall not have money inks hands to pay any such debenture, then the respective comtfiffioners of excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said debenture out of any duties arising by this&; or it the duty of the stuffs so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the security for the same.

XXXI. Andy far the better preventing the relanding any fab stuffs as shall be exported, to receive a drawback of the duties then upon be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th

- and after the said first day of October, one thousand fcwni hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and persons that shall export any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a drawback is to be allowed, before he or they shall ship thetaid ftoffc*«

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. toy

>rder to dbttin the drawback for the (acne, (had be obliged to; ive notice to the proper officer or officers to beppowed foe bat purpose by the respective commissioness of the custoaas, when and where he will pack, up the said stuffs, in order to be exported i and the said of of the customs are hereby empowered and directed to cause such officer to take care to ee that such leal or seals, damp or damps, denoting that the aid duties upon such duffs are paid or charged, be taken off roqi every piece so intended to be exported and the said osier or officers shall take an account of the kinds and quantities f the duffs lb intended to be exported, and make a return hereof to the officer that shall be appointed by such commissioners to receive the same, without any fee or reward for (b loing: provided always, That the said officer or officers shall rot permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, and shall rot take off such seal or seals, damp or damps, denoting that ho said duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of trcli duffs as aforesaid, not having the frame mark, denoting; he measure thereof, distinct and plain thereupon, and not ob iterated nor defaced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Stuffs charged tuffs, as shall have been charged with the respective duty afore on bleaching, aid on the bleaching thereof, and shall afterwards be dyed of charged onne

colour throughout, shall not be charged again with the said being dyed of lutios upon being so dyed as aforesaid. one colour

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority tfore&id, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and From f

aid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ditionatdutv or nd upon all stuffs made of or mixed with cotton not of id. q. per printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign parts, (except yard square, uch stuffs as.are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Bri* on

ains) which, from and after the said first day of October* one [ionot^uffs housand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported of made of or brought into this kingdom, qver and above all customs fubfi mixed with dies, and duties already imposed thereon, the sum of one penny cotton not halfpenny for every yard square \ the said duty shall be s^vu^fur »lfo subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five reign parts, pounds per centum and five pounds per centum thereon, which Duty liable to were imposed by two several as made in the nineteenth and the import of wenty second years of his majesty's reign, for granting to bit S; percent. Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under p^f^by'ro" be management of the respective of of the customs and ex Geo. 3. c. 15 j ife in Great Britain and % % Geo.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority C 66* jfbrclaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the xnportation of such duffs, made of or mixed with cotton, shall undo the mi:

: under the management and diretfion of the of nagement of ?f his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, the commissi*. ind shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount oners of cuf r deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawn back upon the tom

pcconation of the same goods and the said duty and drawback Duty and shall drawback to

tjr

6o8

be levied and recovered in the same manner at the former duties and drawbacks.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

The powers

and penalties In act is Car. a. C 14, See. relative to excise duties, shall be applied in executing this act.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46: [1784.

shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed in the same manner and form, and under such reftfudions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respect lively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any ad or acfcs F parliament relating thereto, were particularly repealed and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the duties by this at granted (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other duties 5 and shall be a fund for the payment of the /everai annuities and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present fd fion Of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain Jim: / money by way of annuities and for establishing a lottery.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, ! clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of dtp*; are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjuging or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and puniftung frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall beex ercifed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and tilings, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority foresaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, ox mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, w by adiori of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in of any his

majesty's

7?4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41, 609

*£ajesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of ex hequer in Scotland respectively j and that one moiety of every uch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his teirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who hall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of tgainst any person or persons, for anything by him or them actiont. lone in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be com nenced within three months next after the matter or thing lone, and shall belaid in the proper county; and the defendant: r defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, General iflar. tnd give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial o be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for He defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall aecome nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI.

An act for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licences herein after mentioned; and do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of September, one fromseptto, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be paid to his i7*4» the fol majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective du to

ties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several and re pafd to*hi« [peduve licences to be taken out in manner herein after menti Majesty; vide oned, by all makers, and manufacturers, within Great Britain, licet,

; f the several and respective commodities herein after mentioned; that is to say.

On or before the said tenth day of September, one thousand For small beet seven hundred and eighty-four, every common brewer of small brevrers, si. or table beer, not being a common brewer of strong beer, shall take

Si

Strong beer brewer, who brew yearly not more than j, oooo barrel, L to

Ditto, between 1,000 and », oooo barrel, si

Ditto, bet ween

2.000 and

5.000 barrels,

51-

Ditto, between 5, 000 and 7, 500, 7l. 1 os.

Strong beer brewers, who brew yearly between 7, 500 and 10, 000 barrels, sol

Ditto, between 10, 000 and0, 000 barrels, 20l.

Ditto, between

20.000 and

30.000 barrels, 30u

Ditto, between

30.000 and

40.000 bar relsj 40l

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4^ [1784 take" out a licence, and pay far the famethefbm afoot pound

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (bailtab out a licence, and pay for the same the Turn of one pound, to Shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed, by him shall note cccd, within the year, ending the fifth day of Julyin each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity one thontoj barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (talitiki out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within da year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous tote taking out the licence, the quantity of one thousand barrel, and be under two thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shalltab out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of five pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within tin year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two thousand bafrtfc, and be under five thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall tab out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of seven pounds, ten Shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed by him (hill exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five thousand barrels, and be under seven thousand five hundred barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of ten pounds, II the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of seven thousand five hundred barrels, and be under ten thousand common barrels: Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of twenty pound, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to to taking out the licence, the quantity of ten thousand barrels, and be under twenty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (hahtike out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of thirty pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day ot July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of twenty thousand barrels, and be under thirty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, flttbtib out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of forty pounds, # the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, pntnoos to hi taking out the licence, the quantity of thirty thoussmd barrels, and be under forty thousand barrels;

i Everf

78+.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41.

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take ut a licence, and pay for the same the sum of fifty pounds, if le quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the ear, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his iking out the licence, the quantity of forty thousand barrels: Every distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, for sale or for xportation, and every rectifier of spirits, shall takeout a licence; hich licence shall be charged with a yearly sum equal to the a nount of one halfpenny gallon of the contents of every (till or tills of each description, which shall have been in the possession of very such distiller or reifier within the year, ending the Lfth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the icence:

Every brandy dealer, or person selling brandy or other airkuous liquors, not being a retailer, and not being a reifier, hall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of five rounds':

Every maker of mead for sale shall take out a licence, and ay for the same the sum of one pound

Every maker of any kind of sweets, other than mead, for ale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of ive pounds:

Every maker of vinegar for falc shall take out a licence, and ay for the same the sum of ten pounds:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of five Shillings, if he quantity or malt made by him shall not exceed, within the rear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ us to his taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters: Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of ten Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, mding the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to iu taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters, and ?e under one hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a hence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of fifteen Shillings, f the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ )u to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred juarters, and be under one hundred and fifty quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a icence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, if he quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred and fifty quarters, and be under two hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a LI: and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, five Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year.

6 it

Ditto, exceeding 40, 000 barrels, job

Every distiller of low wines or spirits, and every reifier, Hull take out a licence, and pay, C

Brandy dealers, not being retailers or rectifiers, to payjl Makers of mead, for sale, 11.

Makers of other sweets, 51-

Makers of vinegar, iql

majfters, who make not more than 50 quarters annually, 5s,

Those who make more than 50, and less than too, quarters, lot.

Between 100 and 150 quarters, 15s.

Maltsters, who make between 150 and too quarters, il.

Ditto, between 100 and 150 quarters, ll. s

i. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41. [1784.

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two hundred quarters, and be under two hundred and fifty quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out i5° 300 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, tea

ro?tm"u Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two hundred and fifty quarters, and be under three hundred quarters:

Ditto, he tween Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a

300 and 350 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, & quarters, X teen Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, 15s*; within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity a three hundred quarters, and be under three hundred and fifty quarrers:

ditto.between # Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out s 350 and 400 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, it quarters,1.: the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous 10 his taking out the licence, the quantity of three hundred and fifty quarters, and be under four hundred quarters: Maltsters, ho fevery maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a make between licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, 400 and 450 five Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, quarters, u within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each 5*year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity oi

four hundred quarters, and be under four hundred and 'fifty quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out 2 4.50 and 500 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, quarters, XL ten Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, los; within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity 0: four hundred and fifty quarters, and be under five hundred quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a 500 and 550 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, quarters, »1. fifteen Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall ex 15s,: ceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of jm\a

each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantin of five hundred quarters, and be under five hundred and fitly quarters:

Ditto, exceed Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a ing 550 quar licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of three pounds, ters, 3l.J if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five hundred and fifty quarters:

Every chandler or maker of candles, other than wax candles,

for

Ann vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41. for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum Candle, make of one pound:

Every soap maker shall take out a licence, and pay for the soap makers, lame the sum of two pounds: % 1. f 9

Every paper stainer, and every maker of paper, shall take out paper stam & licence, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds: ' cr*> C!*

callico printer, and every printer, painter, or stainer of Callico print silks, linens, cottons, or stuffs, shall take out a licence, and cric, o1*pay for the famd the sum of ten pounds:

Every larch maker shall take out a licence and pay for the starch make same the sum of five pounds: ers> 5*:

Every wire drawer, or other person who shall draw or cause Wire draw to be drawn any gilt or silver wire, commonly called Big Wirey tn*» take but a licence, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds:

Every tinner within the bills of mortality or the borough Tanhers, f, of Southward shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the'sum of five pounds; and every other tanner the sum of two or si. ioi.j sounds, ten Shillings:

Every tawer shall take out a licence, and pay for the same Tawers, ili she sum of one pound

'Every dresser of hides and skins in oil shall take out a licence Dressers of and pay ior the same the Turn of two pounds: ides in LI

Every currier shall take out a licence, and pay for the same*".

the sum of two pounds: turrier'-

Every maker of vellum or parchment shall take out a licence, vellum make. and pay for the same the sum of one pound: ers» C 11

Every glass maker shall take out a licence, for each and every Every g'afs glasshouse by him used, and pay for the same the sum of ten house, sol.t pounds:

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person orjtrong beer persons who shall, at anytime after the fifth day or ju/y9 one brewers to pay thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, first become a common brewer of strong beer sot faje, shall, before he or she shall brew any strong beer for sale, take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of one pound, ten Shillings; and at the end and an addi* of any and every year after the said fifth day of July, one thous, onal |ury Tand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall pay such further ad corthn ditional duty for such licence herein before charged, according quantity to the number of barrels of strong beer so brewed by him or her biewtd. within the preceding year, as herein before is directed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person Brewers who who, before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred withdraw 3tnd eighty-four, was a common brewer of strong beer, shall ^efrehi withdraw his or her entry at the office of excise where he or flic oncf> to pa has made entry, and afterwards make a fresh entry at the same the whole or any other office of excise, he or she shall not be deemed a duty, person becoming a common brewer of strong beer since the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,

Vol. XXXIV Tt but

Maltft wto pay 5 s. for a licence j

and an additional duty anmnlly according to the quantity made.

Maltsters who withdraw their entries, and make freihonet, to pay the whole duty.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41.' Jijty.

but (hill pay the whole duty imposed by this ij& upott mor her licence at the time of taking'out the fotnife ' 2r r

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any pwfiacj

persons who shall, at any time after the owefttyi( % ^d£, d»fY June, one thousand seven hunted and eighty 46ufv firffbt come a maltster, or maker of malt forsale, shall, be fort imf (he shall make any malt for file, take oilt a licence, ahdpiy for the same the sum of five Shillings; and at the epd of any and every year, after the said twenty-third day of jwfqte thousand seven hundred and eighty foue, shall pay such furfbd additional duty for such licence herein before charged, according to the quantity of malt (o made by him within the precedin' year, as herein before is directed.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any perfiso, who, before the twenty-third day of ? #, one thousuuriem hundred and eighty-four, was a maltster, or maker of tosh fcr file, shall withdraw his or her entry at the office of excise where he or Eh. has made entry, and afterwards make a ffefh entry t( the same or any other office of excise, he or she shall not be deemed a person becoming a maltster, or maker of malt (or sale, (ince the twenty-third day of Jant, one thousandfevea hundred and eighty-four, but shall pay the whole duty impow by this a&jppon his or her licence at the time of taking pot the same.

VI. And be it further etla&edby the authority aforesaid, From Sept, to, That, from and after the said tenth day of one ttwa*

1784, no persan CL seven hundred and eighty-four, no person or perfom tsafr anv of the '^oet€r w now doth, or at any time hereafter shall oukeor aforesaid manufacture.sny.of the commodities herein before mcfltjdwi, commodities, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or byjatty otherper wkbout a LI son or persons whatsoever employed by. him, her, or them, for ttnce> his, her, or theirhendif, dtlter publicfcly or privately, tottukt or manufacture any of the commodities herein before ttesfm ed for sale, without first taking out a licence for that patyofe, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, of they (hill make or manufacture any of the aforesaid omimodities, fer which licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon Eating out thereof, pay down for the same the sum or sums of moaty nor to deal in respectively herein before mentioned j and that, from ariidhr be and y. with the said tenth dayo (september, one thousand seven httndhdatd cence Sl* eighty-four, no person or persons who now doth, or at aby that

lk*hereafter shall deal in brandy, not being a retailer, nor a rtfli

er, nor a distiller, shall presume, by him, her, or ffidnselves or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by hia, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publieklyor privately, to deal in.brandy, without first raking out a Hemet1 for that purpose, in manner hereto after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall so deal in brandy, for which licence, 'he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, paydotm for the same the said sum of five pounds; and that & any fell u Itceoce*

s

anrtovrcefimb quarto gkosq^iiit. c.+x. 615

licences shall he taken out within the limitfe 6f' the chtef office Who are to )f etiche Itl imdon, then suck licence shall be giforti^ under the grant Hwhce*, bands and seals of two or more of his majesty' s commissioners tf excise for the time being, or of such perfori or persons as the xmiaiissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that xirpose, and the said several and respective duties shall be paid it the chief office of excise in London; or if such licences shall yt taken out in any part of England or, nt within the aid limits, or in the totfn of Berwick, that such

icences shall, in such case, be granted under the hands and fedls

f the several polledtors and supervisors of excise within their espective collections and districts, and the said several and re jpedhve duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of ex:

: within whose couedtion such licences shall be so granted j ind that m case such licences shall be taken out within the links of the city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under be hands and seats of two or more of his majesty's of f excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person of rerforrs as the commissioners of excise in mall front

hne to time appoint for that purpose, and the several and re petftive duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh or if such licences shall be taken out in

iny other part of stotlandt without the limits aforesaid, then uch licences shall be jgranted under the hands and seals of the several Icolledtors and supervisors of excise within their respective idltdlions and districts, and the several and respective duties for he same shall be paid to the collector excise within whose rolleftion such licences shall be so granted; and (uth respective' rommissioners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by hem ttfpcdtively, and also all such Collectors, are hereby respectivelyauthorised and required to granrand deliver such LI ences to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon their niyment of the said several and respective duties hetetn beforo aentionvdi

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Chat all and every person or persons Who shall take out any Licence to b 'ich. licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out rene.'*ed n frefti licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve nu*' alcodar gionths after taking out the first licence, before he, he, or they shall pieforhc to make or manufacture any of the cttnfnodities herein before mentioned for sale, and in the same nanner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying owtl the like sum for each and every new or renewed licence,

6 is by this act required, for the first licetice, irt manner and at be places and times herein before mentioned: and that if any malt

erson or persons shall, after the said tenth day of September,t"f ae thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, prefuttfe or offdr moditic*,

make or manufacture any of the commodities herein before without tak nerttioned for fele, without first taking out such licence, and i 00t*_

enewing the same yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they ^u'n'ga^b#r# "

T t 2 shall famt anu

6i6

ally, aic liable 10 tn e following penalt.es:

Corn did litres, lool.:

Strong beer brev*ert, See, 50b:

Melasses dist liers, rt&i fiers, See. 30l.

soap makers, Paper stain ers, See.ol.:

Small beer brewers, maltsters, See. xol. t

Per Pons in partnership need take out only one licence for one house.

Duties to be under the ma nagement of the commissioners of ex cilc.

The powers

and penalties ijvact 11 Car a C4., C relative to

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. CI

shall respectively forfeit and lose the several and rc(pedivepeal ties herein after mentioned for each offence; that is to

Every corn distiller so offending, shall forfeit the furn" q^jwo hundred pounds:

Every common brewer of strong beer or ale, every y&epr maker, every callico printer, or printer, painter, or twiner of fihcs, linens, cottons, or stuffs, and every glass maker, so of finding, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds:

Every melasses distiller, every rectifier of spirits, every brandy dealer, or felfer of brandy or other spirituous liquors, not being a retailer, every maker of sweets other than mead, every larch maker, and every tanner, so offending, shall forfeit the sum o thirty pounds:

Every soap maker, every paper (lainer, and paper maker, every wire drawer, or maker or gilt or silver wire, called Big*wire, every dresser of hides or skins in oil, and every currier, so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds:

Every common brewer of table beer or of fcnall beer, every mahfter Or maker of malt, every maker of mead, every chandler ot maker of candles (other than wax candles), every tawer of hides and skins, and every maker of vellum and parchment, fp offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

VIII. Provided always, That persons in partnership, carrying on their trade and business in one house or (hop only, shall not be obliged to tdke out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on such trade; and that no one licence which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom the same shall be granted, to make or manufacture any of the commodities herein before mentioned in any other house or place than the house or places wherein he, she, or they did make or manufacture the said respectivecommodities at the time of granting such licence.

IX. Andy for the better coueflingy raising, levying, and faring the duties by this act imposed upon licences as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties

- as are charged upon such licences in England, Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the of and officers of his majesty's revenue of excile in England for the time being; and such of the said duties, asare charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the management of the of and officers of exciseinscttlsd for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth vear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An aflfor taling amik

art

t /&4-.11 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 r 'i

muri \bf' wart and liveriesyahd tenures in'capite, and cp duties,

irvitir, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty, ln

lieu thereof or by any other law now in, force relating to his', in g.

Majesty, revenues of excise or inland dunes, under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled or established, for securing enforcing, managing, raising, levy*ng, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, nr ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for >reveriting, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, bther shan in such cases for which other penalties or provisions arebinescribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, isea, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, evying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, reco^ rering, and paying, the feveml duties hereby granted, as fully trid effectrally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every he laid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal les, 'Forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly epeated and again.enacted in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and l^all be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways,

neans, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or covered and nay be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied. or Jaws of excise, or by action of debt, plaint, or information, n any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or, in: he court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one*noiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him

them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

xll And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that all the money arising by the duties by this act impose to e jpon licences as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and exchequer*lecounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be^aaid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminsterf 'eparate and apart from all other duties; and the said money, Application ro paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be thercqf*

\ Fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such. charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and pay lble pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, in ituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annulw 'ies, and for establishing a lottery.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any adiqn or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of

iny person or persons, for anything by him or them done in

surfuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced

within three' months next after the matter or thing done, and

tiall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defend

[General issue.]

ints in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give

his ad, s^nd the spec^l*matter, in evidence at any trial to be

and thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the de

endant of defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become

t13 r nonsuited

by

6i8 Aiujq viccfutio qjmto Geqrou III C ffc [1784.

nonsuited, or discontinue bit, her, or their aaton Of ptqfaco* tien, or judgement shall be given against hiin, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then fitch defendant or defendants Treble colb. shall have treble costs awarded to him, bef, or than, against such plaintiff or plaintiff.....' .....'

xlil

An act to explain amend and render more effefl$aj* W §& made*the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majest] King George tk Second, intituled An 2& for the more effectual pnni(hmeor d persons who shall attain, or attempt io attain pofleceon oi: £oods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods for the easy redeoiptkm of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in pobtiefc houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pamrmq of goods; and for the easy redemption of goods pawned

Preamble, T WHEREAS, by an act pajfei in the thirtieth year of tk f eign of his late majesty King George the Second, intiiuhi, a&3oge^i. An act for the more effectual punishment of persons who shall C a4. iedied. atrain, br attempt to attain, possession of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; fol the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices, certain rules and provisions are prescribel and established for regelating the manner in which goods and chattels may be talen in pledge or pawn for the repayment of money lest thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds, and dire fling the mode of redeeming such goods and chattels, on payment of principal and interest of the money borrowed thereon xmtb fwh further furri* for charges of warehouse room, as the parties jktdl have Agreed oh at the time of making such pledge or pawn: and whircas several lenders of money for principal and interest of money lent and warehouse'room of goods pledged lately made for the redemption of goods pledged to pawnbrokers, the amount of which interest and charges for warehouse room so tendered, hath been much "telow the amount of the usual and custontary interest and charges see koarehoiife room taken by pawnbrokers in the said trade, and at a rate touch below the necessary expences thereof have lately been canfiml to be fvfficient* and verdicts have been obtained by perfotss mahog such tenders as afoh said against the 'pawnbrokers j and, if the fed business fhduld be carried on agreeably to such verduft* the pfejftts onrif ing therefrom would be so much reduced as to be infuffkient so afford an adequate maintenance for the pawnbroker and whereas fbe fed recited cfl is in other respects (so far as (hefame relates tithe fawb v!g goods and redemption of goods pawriedthe good purpefes thereby intended: may it therefore please your ma yefty that it may be enacted; and be ii.ettfaed; L tn'e: kjag't jr.aft excellent majesty, by and with the a<jyioe and oooorent of -': - - 1 - - the

1784.1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 9

the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present

jparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That r*tx« of profit t shall be lawful from and after the second day of, one allowed to e thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for all persons using talten for the or exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker, to demand, tuture* receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons, applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and Aims vfrhich shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker shall be obliged to rede

Jiver the same vuelictf,

For every pledge upon which there shall havd been lent any '

sum not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence, the sum of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the same for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent a sum above the lum of two Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding five Shillings, one penny:

and if above five Shillings, and not exceeding seven Shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny;

And if above seven Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding ten Shillings, twopence:

And if above ten Shillings, and not exceeding twelve shilling and sixpence, twopence halfpenny:

And if aboye twelve Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding fifteen Shillings, threepence'

'if above fifteen Shillings, and not exceeding seventeen'

Shillings and sixpence, 'three pence halfpenny:

Ana if above seventeen Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding one pound, the sum of fourpence:

And, (b on progressively, and in proportion, for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month in manner abovementioned; which several sums shall be in lieu of, and taken as a full satisfaction for all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

I. And be it further enacted, That in case any difference or Dispute re difpure shall arise between any person or persons pledging or reining to fraall deeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker with whom the same shall have been pledged, re justi'e. y*(pelting the redelivery thereof, or the money to be paid to such1 pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under forty Shillings, shall be settled and determined by same justice of the peace ailing for the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, who is hereby authorised and required, upon application being made

w

Perfooi pledging to take a duplicate.

Provision of farmer at

re i'pt cling duplicates amended.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1784.

to him for that purpose, by examination on oath of the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall appear before him, touching the premises, to hear and determine the same, which determination shall be final and binding unto and upon all persons; and that no such difference or dispute shall be tried, heard, or determined, in any of the fype rior courts of law, or in any other manner than before a justice of the peace as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any person or persons shall pledge with any pawnbroker any goods or chattels, whereupon a sum of two Shillings or upwards is lent, such pawnbroker shall and is hereby required to give a duplicate or copy of the entry made in his or her book respecting the goods and chattels so pawned, which duplicate the person receiving the money lent is hereby required to receive and take; and every such duplicate, where the sum lent shall not exceed fire Shillings, shall be given gratis; and where the money lent shall be more than five Shillings, and not exceeding ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be more than ten Shillings, and not exceeding twenty Shillings, pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same; and where the money lent shall be more than twenty Shillings, and not exceeding five pounds, the sum of twopence for the same; and where the money lent shall be more than five pounds, the sum of fourpence, and no more, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and which duplicate shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he shall be obliged to redeliver the respective goods or chattels, except linen or apparel entrusted to any person or persons, for the purpose of washing, scouring, ironing, mending, or making up the same; and also except goods or chattels which shall have been feloniously taken and carried away,or unlawfully pawned qr pledged; and except as herein after is excepted,

IV. And whereas many inconveniences have arisen to persons ur tying on the business of a pawnbroker, from several different persons claiming a properly in the same goods and chattels, where dupliutes or copies of the entries made in the pawnbroker's booky at the time if taking such goods and chattels in pawn, have been given, as the farmer aft directs: for remedy whereof in future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the faifl second day of August^ in all cases where such duplicate or copy hath been given, the person or persons who shall, at my time after, produce such duplicate or copy to the person or persons with whom the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and hereby is and are deemed apd taken to be, so far as respects the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors, of the said goods and chattels; and the person or persons so using ih? said Ufacje and business of a

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 021

awnbroker shall be, and is hereby directed and required, after eceiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisions of this act, repeating principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chattels o the person or persons who shall so produce the said duplicate r copy to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are lereby indemnified for so doing, tinless he, she, or they, shall lave had previous notice, from the real owner or owners there snot to deliver the same 'to the person or persons'producing uch duplicate, or unless notice shall have been given to him, ler, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been,

rare suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken r obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereof pro eed in manner herein after provided and directed, for the re leeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such duplicate or opy hath been lost, miilaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained rom the owner or owners thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall have had such previous no Provision, in ice as aforesaid, or in case any such duplicate or copy as afore caf of dupli aid shall be lost, nristaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained ^tebeingbft, rom the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels nentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and in ivery such case, the owner or owners of such duplicate, and of the goods and chattels mentioned therein, as the case may happen, shall prove his, her, or their property in such goods and: hatte!s, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace for the rounty, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, and shall il(o make an affidavit of the particular circumstance attending the case, before such justice of the peace, whereupon the pawn 3rokcr shall suffer the person or persons proving such property: o the satisfrdion of fuqh justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit as aforesaid, to redeem such goods or chattels; and [uch proof and affidavit shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a full and sufficient indemnity to the pawnbroker, so delivering the said goods or chattels, against all and every person or persons whomsoever.

VI. And whereas it would be beneficial that all goods Should be ieemed as forfeited, and liable to be sold in less than the time limited m.d. prescribed by the said recited act: be it therefore further enact

rd by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and chattels which, For sale of after the second day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and things pawn sighty four, shall be pawned or pledged, on which any sum ex C seeding ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have peen lent, shall and may be sold by public auction, but not nherwife, by the person having the same in pawn, at and after the expiration of One whole year from the time of pawning the same; and that all persons. redeeming any goods or chattels, which were pawned or pledged before the said second day of August) shall be permitted so to do upon the terms of, and ac. to the table of rates by this act established.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority

641

Accounts of

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1784.

foods.

(tty aforesaid, That every perfott or personi to whom any gcxxi She t°j£d or diattels shall have been pawned pr pledged, shall from urr: in bodes and to time, enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpoi.^ Overplus paid a true and jhft account of the sale otall goods and chattels pawi to persons en ed to him, her, or them, for ten (hillinu, or upwards, whki. Ikied to the (f, abe sold as aforesaid, expressing the day. when, and the ex ney for which, such goods of effects pawned were (bid, togeth: 'With the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by what the same were sold; and in case any such goods or cefedks (hr. be sold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of tuch fade, the overplus, (fall, by ever such pawnbroker, be paid of demand to the person by or cs whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, ber, cr their executors, administrators, or assigns, in case such demand shall be made within three years after such fade, the nece&n cofis and charges of stich fate being first deduced j and fed person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or elias tels, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or afliga, shall, for his, her, or their satisfe&ion in this matter, be pain it ted to insped the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspection the fern of one penny, and bj 'more: and in case any person or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons, who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, to inspect such entry as aforesaid, in any such boot or books, such person or persons, if an executor or executors, dmmiftntor or administrators, or assignee or assignees, at such time producing his,; her, or their letters testamentary, letters of administration, or assignment; in case the goads or effects were sold for. more than the sum entered in any such hook or books; or if apy such person or persons shall not snake such entry; or shall not have, fid, according to the directions of this fold the same; or (hell refuse to pay such overplus,

upon demand, tb the pawner or pawners, hfs, her, or thetr executors, administrators, or assigns, he, she, or they producing such their letters testamentary, letters of administration, or assignment; every such person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the such such goods and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the pesfeh or persons by whom, or on whose account, such gooids or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admintftntors, or assigns, to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fealfc of ai\yrtvo; ustices of the peace for the county, riding, divigon. city, tehm, 'iberty, or place where the offence shall be committed,; and 00 uch offence shall be tried, beard, or determined in aay of the: upelior courts of law, or in any other manner than before tvo justices of the peace as aforesaid s and to the end that justice may pawnbrokers be more effectually obtained in all matters concerning gpoh before them, and chattels received in pawn by pawnbrokers, where justices book e"d Wp k te p6*0 ar authorised to take cognizance thereof by virtue

cates, cp' this or any other atft of parliament, it shall apd may be la

Justices may

urnmon

tsl

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c42.

fqi for any justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him an the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses respecting any" dispute between pawnbrokers and persons having pawned goods, or retpedtsig any felony, or other matter, which n the judgement of such justice (hill make the productions of any book, duplicate, voucher, or other pa^er necessary, which shall or ought to be in the bands, cuaody, or power, of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him, to attend with any book, duplicate, voucher, or paper, which he may have in his custody or power relating to the same, which he is hereby required to produce befote such justice in the (late the same was made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever; and in case such pawnbroker shall neg)e& or refuse Pawnbroker to attend, or to produce the same, in its true and perfect (late, neglecting to such pawnbroker shall forfeit the sura of ten pounds for the use attend, cof the poor of the parish where such pownbroker shall reside, to1orl€lt lou to be levied by dtftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice so rummonine the party as aforesaid.

VIII Jnd, for the better manifefiing by whom the trade and business of a pawnbroker ball hereafter be carried on, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Pawnbrokers second day of Augufc all and every person or persons who shall to« their follow or carry on the trade or buhness of a pawnbroker, shall " r^£ss cause to be painted or written, in large, legible diaraders, over their doors oc the door of each (hop or other place by him, lier, or them re (hops. tpectively made use of for carrying on that business, the christian and surname or names of the person or persons (b carrying an the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the case may be, following the same, upon pain of forfeiting the (um of ten pounds for every (hop or placd N which shall be 10 made use of for the space of one week, without having such name or names, and the said words, so paint -- d or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and sale af the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the txandi and seal of any two justices of the peace acting within; he respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and squired to grant,) upon the confe(bon of the party or parties,

r upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses ipon oath; and the said penalty, when the charges of recover ng the same shall be deducted, shall be paid, one half to the nrormer. and the other half to the ofe of the poor of the pail in yhich the offence shall be committed; and in case suffi uent distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be orthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are sere by required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause he offender or offenders to be committed to the county goal or voufe of cojrretfion, there to remain, without bail or main >rize, for ^oy time nut exceeding three calendar months, nor* less

24

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42'. c*7^4

less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reafoaa ble charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Not to extend

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained takeo°in, fiv0 ex^b<*» or b conftroed to cfcteftd, to any person or per perccenuin e ns whomsoever, Who shall lend money to any person or permet*whomsoever, upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking riny further or greater profit for the loan or forbqaranc^ of such money'lent, 00 any pretence whatever.

X. And for the better m&ntftjling the different rates of sir oft, 15 cluding interest and warebmfe room, which the pawthrdker Pawnbrokers authorised tore erne^be it further enacted, That from and asur to hang up the second day of Augufly one thousand seven hundred and ^heir^r eighty four, all and every person who shall follow and carry on u p*the trade or business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the aforesaid rate of profit allowed by this act, and hang up the same in some conspicuous part or the (hop wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such business.

limitation of XL jlnd be it further enacted, That no action at lavr, where tune for com tenders of principal and of interest thereof, and of charges for wencing ai wgrgjioufe room, have been made by the pawner, at a Tels rate Mwttopkera. lans contained in the aforesaid table of profit and refuted by any pawnbroker, shall be maintainable against any pawnbroker, unless the same shall have been brought and commenced before the said second day of August) and that such tenders shall, in that case;be of no effect whatever, but the goods shall be redeemable, and may be redeemed under the terms inserted in the table of profittet forth in this act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au no see to be thority aforesaid That no tee or gratuky whatsoever shall be taken by ja had, taken, or received, for any summons or warrant, or L Cf done^in " ot^cr proc*ng whatever, granted or made by any justice or execution of justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act. this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or execured in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, vor thing, herein contained, such person or persons may General issue. plead the general issue, And give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plfemtiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants Double costs, shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Publick act.'XIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, without the same being specially pleaded. Continuance. XV provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall

of tins aft. continue and be; in force, from'tfte day of passing thereof, for one year, and till the end of the next session of parliament.

784*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4$,

CAP. xl11l.

fn all for granting to his Majesty ter tain duties on certificates ijficei

with respeli to the killing game,

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, y£>ur majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, leing desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have vo untarijy resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the fe 'eral new rates and duties herein after expressed; and to that nd and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it nay be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excel ent majesty. and with the advice and consent of the lords piritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia From Oft t, nent assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from the fol ind after the first day of ohoker, one thousand seven hundred dude

ind eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and [o his MAID, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for jesty; videlicet.: he. use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates, and duties following; (that is to say,) in Great Britain,

qualified'

That every perlba in Great Britain, qualified in respect to kill game, property to kill game, shall, previous to their (hooting at, kill ng, or destroying any game, deliver in a paper or account in his name and writing, containing the name and place of abode of such per place of a bn, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county, nd if in Scotland, with the sheriff, or stewart clerk of the -vce?&c.and: ounty where such person shall reside, a ad annually take out a Annually take certificate thereof: out a certifi

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or cate '{jf1?0/* piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such (^lojay a*person shall be ingrosted, written, or printed, there shall be ttamp duty of charged a lamp duty. of two pounds, two Shillings:1. as.,

'That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, Every deputa zranted to, any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng tien of a andx shall be regifte^ed with the clerk of the peace of he ga^ej^er*p* county; and every such deputation, by any proprietor of land tidy of a man n Scotland, shall be registered in the sheriff or stewart court nor, shall be sooks of the county in which the said manor or lands shall be; registered»lth ind the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually'tkke out a je c*e!«e0&c certificate thereof: and t beg'ame

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or keeper shall piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person annually take apder any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper shall be out at5emfv ingracted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a lamp fovfbich he Ipty of ten Shillings and sixpence. thu pay ios.

II and 6d.

I

6t6

The duty to be under the management of the cora missioner* of the stamp datici.

Anno vicesimo quarto Geotmti HL t*7tf,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more eflfy&jlal levying, collecting, and paying the said duty herein before granted, the same Audi be under the government, care, and nunagemeiuufthto^minyson* ers for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; wrtio, or the major pai: of them, are hereby required and unpowered to employ the dc ceflary officers under them for that purpose, to allow such fcurks and iikidemal charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new damps to be provided to doiote the said duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as there shall be occasioa, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in exectttioa with relation to the said duties herein before granted, in (be like and in as full and ample a manner as as they, or the sm- jor part of them, are authorised to put in execution any farraf law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after theptf* sing of this act, every person, qualified as aforesaid, who (hah deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his depot, for the county, division riding, or place, or if in Sating with the (herift r stewart clerk of the county, division, seat, stewartry, or place where be shall reside, a paper or account in

*ceo\mto(hh writing, containing the name and place of abode of inch per

Etery qualified person who shall deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, C

name, and place of abode; and every game keeper who shall register his depitta

son; and eve:

every gamekeeper to whom any deputation shall be granted as before, who shall regiftef the same, mentioning the name of the manor or lands, and the person granting the same, and the date thereof, and who (hah respectively require a corti oc Ul, ficate thereon from such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of tiot^nuiott such Itieriflf or stewart clerk, shall be annually entitled ttenoj in the name and such clerk of the peace, or hisrueputy, and such fhefififor otthe manor, stewart clerk, shall thereupon issue a certificate, stamped n annasrif in kran bsk* directed, to the effect or form following that tituvaur

tificate thereon

I A.B. dirt of the peace for the county of C (or as the caferon

Form of cer X happen to be,) deputy eleri of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I*"* A.B. jberijf ir [stewart clerk of the county of C do detkn, theu E. F. bath this day delivered into my qffue a paper, wrung te account, containing bit name and place of fikode, (or, as titecafc may happen to be,) hath this day tegiftertd a deputation, ts be is appointed a gamekeeper by for the manor or lands of which I do hereby certifyt in pursuance of an act, ptf

fed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George IIe mi: as witness my band, this day of

Clerk of the And be it further enacted, That the said clerk of thi

peace, tee. to peace, or his deputy, or the said sheriff dr stewart clerk, aits sign and deli he shall base signed such certificate, shall forthwith ifwe the zzg£? same, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person of requiring the p*1*00* fe delivering in such paper, writing, or account, ortt fams: gifterioj

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IQ. C 43.' €xy

(taring such deputation as aforesaid, and respedivdyur squiring

ie same; and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, bcinr

tied to demand and receive, of and (torn such persect, the fom

'one shilling for b own trouble in that behalf tend in coat an j efiwltar*

ch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff oritawart herein ball

erk, shall neglect or refute to issu to such person or.person? m foi f

oreftid, so delivering in such paper, writing, or account, or* "°*eac*'

giftenng such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate, properly

arked and starqped, as herein-before is directed, every fitch

erk of the peace, or sheriff or stewart clerk, (bail, for ewccy

fence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and oaorcovct

: liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and (uccefibrsythe duty

tyable on such certificate,

V. And be it further enacted, That every certificate, granted Certificates f the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the sheriff or "h "to be ewart clerk, pursuant to this act, shall, if the same be require*"

I by any person or persons before the first day of Qfiobtr, one loufand seven hundred and eighty-four, bear date on ehf day F the month on which the same shall be ifibed, and shall inure and remain in force until the first day of July, next follow tg, and pp longer; and that no certificate shall issue inpurfu lce of this act, between the first day of oqahsz, one thou send yep hundred and eighty-four, and the first day of marl, oaf. louifapd seven hundred and eighty-five: and every such eerti c?te which shall iflbe after the said first day of March, one loufand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be issued between ic first day of Manh and the first day of July, in each year, ad shall bear date on the day of the month on which the same fell be issued, and shall endure and remain in force for the clerk of ths iace of twelve calendar months, commencing from the date of peace, C idi certificate, and no longer; and if any derk of the peace, who fl»tl issue r his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart derk, shall issue any contrary to rrtificate to any person otherwise than above directed, he shall this act, shall irfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds. forfeit 501.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Certain case tail extend to prevent any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or ", h he ay sheriff or stewart clerk, from issuing his certificate to any p^jce&c. amekeeper first appointed in any year after the first day of July ifey ikue cer that year; nor to any person who hath been beyond tificates after 10 Teas, and hath or shall have, in any year, first ariiv Jdy*.

I or come into this kingdom at any time after the first day of ktly in such year, who respectively may be defiroos of obtain lg such certificate as aforesaid; but in every such case the ause shall be specified, either in the body, or at the foot of fitch ertificate herein before, directed to be granted; nor to prevent ny clerk of the peace, or his deputy, nor any sheriff or stewart lerk, within their respective counties, to gramme any such certifi ate, as aforesaid, to any person or persons at any time requir ig the same, such certificate bearing date on the day on which: 1 slued, and being stamped or marked with double the rates and uties herein before granted upon every such certificate, and (o

il

quaum per

ions who, after q61.!, i7*4» hall ihoot at or kill any game, without a certificate, shall forfeit 501.

noto extend to the royal family

Clerks of the peace. See, to transmit annually to the stamp office correct lists of certificates granted by them

on penalty of aol

Lists to be kept at the office, and may be in speed.

In case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, C the former certificate to be void.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii fit; c. 44. £17844

be in fbrde till the first day of July net following the date of Xuch certificate, and no longer. "

VII. And be it further eftafted by (the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of October y one thou send seven hundred and eighty-four, every perffin qualified 'as aforesaid, who shall (hoot at, kill take, or destroy, any pheasant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly calledblack Gome* oracy growfe, commonly called Red Gumey or any other game, or who shall kill, take, or destroy, any hare, with any greyhound, hound, pointer, spaniel. Setting dog, or other dog, "without having obtained such certificate, in such manner as herein b.c. sore is directed, shall forfeit and pay the sum erf fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall make it neceflfrry for any of the royal family, or persons appointed by them to' (hoot at, Jrifl, ta*e, or destroy any game, within their chases, parks, warrens, or royalties, to have the certificate required by this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the (heriflf or stewart clerks in their respective counties, shall, on or before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and in every subsequent year, on or before the twelfth day of Augustin each such year, make out and transmit to the head office of damps in London, correct lists, im alphabetical order, of the certificates so granted by them, distinguishing the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued and, on the delivery thereof, the receiver-general of the lamp duties shall pay to such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to such sheriff or stewart clerk, fer the making out and writing every such list, after the rate of one farthing for the namqofevery such person to whom such certificates shall have been granted, and which shall be inserted in such list; and in case any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart clerk, shall neglect or refuse to make out such lists as aforesaid or shall not insert in fuefi lift a full, true, and perfect account, as herein before directed, of all the persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and sheriff or stewart clerk so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several lists, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the Paid head office of (lamp in London, and shall and may, at all reasonable times, oh paj* ment of one shilling each search, be resorted to and inspected by any person whatsoever.

XI. And whereas deputations or appointments ef gamekeeper granted as before, may be revoked be it therefore ertacted, That it any lord or lady of a manor in England, or proprietor of land in Scotland, shall m, ache any new appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands, in the room of the person already appointed,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C 43.

and shall register such deputation with the clerk of thg jeace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk of the county n which the manor or lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a lew certificate thereon, the first certificate granted shall be, and he same is hereby declared to be, null and void; and the person acting under the same, after, notice to him given of such lew and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties pre 'cribed by the game laws now in being, made for the prelerva ion of the game, and as are directed with respect to persons lot qualified to kill game.

XII And) in order to prevent the evading the payment of the luties hereby granted upon certificates as aforesaid) and to compel the broduflion thereof to persons authorised to inspefl the same; be it therefore enacted, That if any person or persons qualified, or

having a deputation as aforesaid, shall be found in the pursuit ga|*ho if any game with a gun, dog, oi net, or other engine for the Oiall r*fui< t destruction of game, or the taking or killing thereof, and shall produce his be required to shew such certificate by the lord or lady of the certificate manor, or proprietor of the land, whereon such person shall be by any^ho using such gun, dog, or net, or other engine for the destruction rifed person f Df game, or by any gamekeeper appointed as before, or by any to do, other person having obtained such certificate from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy as aforesaid, or by any officer of, the stamps, properly authorised by the commissioners for that purpose, such person shall produce such certificate; and if such person shall refuse, upon the pi; odublion of live certificate of the person requiring the same, to produce and shew the certificate granted to him for the like purpose, or, in case of not having such certificate so produce shall refuse to tell his christian and r to tell his surname, and the place of his residence, and the name of the ufate of county where his certificate was issued, or shall give in any false abode, CC or fiblirious name, such person so offending shall forfeit and pay shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the certificate hereby Certificates

directed to be issued by the clefks of the peace, or their depu an^tr" ties, in the respective counties iengland) or by the sheriff or

stewart clerks of the counties in Scotland, shall not authorise or game at any enable any person to fhoqt at, kill, take, or destroy any game, um«r prohibit at any time or times prohibited by any law now in being, nor tdbylaw^&c. to give any person any right to (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy,

any game, unless such person shall be duly qualified, under and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the preservation ar the earne.

XIV And) in order to prevent persons qualified in their own Certificates

rights, procuring deputations Jrom any lord or lady of a manor, or obtained un broprietor of land) with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed der»utati m certificates issued to persons Jo qualified V be it enacted, That any j*ven°in evi rertificate, obtained under any deputation, shall not be pleaded <jence r killer gwen in evidence, where any person shall (hoot at, kill, take in game out or destroy any game, out of the precinbls or limits of the ma °*the liiaqor> nor or lands for which such depurat on was given. C

Vol. XXXIV U u XV And

639 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

[17s4;

Gaefe relative'XV And whitens then art cilia and

to those coun counties of them/ehes, and of the peace to issuetbt

ties that have certificates herein before directed] bfe It therefore enacted, Thxi tltt"peace. every person redding in such cities and towns that are fcountje's, ^'shall and may deliver in the paper, writing, dt account, hetda

before directed, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of the county, division, riding, or place next adjoining,: who ^qah issue his certificate to the person applying for thfe fartte* % herein before directed, 'in the same manner as if the perfdfr so requiring such certificate fefided in the county of such clerkof the peace; and upon neglect or refuftt to issue such cerrt&sfc as aforesaid, such crerk of the peace shall bd liable to the dune penahies as if he had refused or neglected to iflhetdch certificate to any person applying for the same, refidfent in the county of such clerk of the peace.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afordfud, Person couu That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be stamps'to fuf counterfeited of forged, any seal, (lamp, or Mark, directed or for death aa allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the felons. duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or rcfertible the impression of the (atae, with an intent to defraud his Maidfiy, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed for allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud' his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, 'every person lb offending, and being thereof cenvisted, Stall be: adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death ati in cases of frfotty; without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aferfiid, Provisions of That all powefs, provisions, articles, dauses, and all btfter former act matters and things prescribed or appointed by arty former or stamp latie* parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum,

to be"io force parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect with retain executing tien to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied this act. and pnt in execution for the raising, levying, colloding, andte curing, the said new rates and dutieshereby imposed; according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several iy and respectivelybeen hereby enabled with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

Penalties how

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afdrtmfi; to be recover That all pecuniary penalties imposed on any person hr peiribo* ed and ap for offences committed against this act, shall and may bd fuel plied. for an(j recovered in any of his majesty's courts at fvefimndtr,

for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick tpm Tweed, and in his majestyv court of sessions, court Of justtti ary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences comorittsd in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by sfrion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no essoin, protefhon, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if be or (he shall recover

i any

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43; 63 i

an penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with double code of suit.

JCIX. Provided always, That from and after the said first day Any office of ot ofiehtty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in all h county, in cas where the pecuniary penalty: by this act imposed, doth not exceed the ham of twenty pounds, it shall and may be lawful Ra where the foyatty one or more, justice or justice of the peace of the penalty doth county, riding, Shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, or place, notexetedol. wherein any offence or offences against this act shall be com^and such justice or justices is and are hereby required, fore him, and uppn information or complaint to him or them made, to Turn determine in nn the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on a furamary either side, to appear before him or them; and upon the ap w pearapee of the party or parties accused; or in default of his, her, or their appearance, according to such summons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and ugqa due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcfli oi) of the party or patties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or fen fence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act i directed j and to award and issue out his warrants, under Penalties may his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and leave(' by forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to dlltre"» cauffe sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found suffici or the offender ent to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, committed, there to remain for the space of six months, unless such penalty shall be (boner paid and satisfied; and if such person or Perfom ag perfofls shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judge grievwt may meat of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon, {£rter

fjiving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and, ]ni) upon orfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case giving proper such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the security. peso?*at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, pr. place, who are hereby impowerej to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them (eives (btl) Aerti meet.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Person fiim fons fttau be Summoned as a witness or witnenes to give evi dence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any jpp^'ring to of the osatten relative to this act, either on the part of the pro forfeit 10l. fecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or rpfufetoapyoarat the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without, a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice orjufti cepof the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending;, that then every such person shall '*'

Ho justlcm to proceed foi Conviction of offenders.

Form of conviction.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1784.

offence) the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in (belt jnanner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, flail cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis that is to say;

BE it remembered) That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at in the county of A.B. cams

before me C D. if choir., one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offend was committed, and informed me that E. F of on the day of now last pqfi*

being a qualified person, or having a deputation to kill game, as the case may happen, did/hoot at, kill) take or dejiroy, (here set forth the fa for which the information was laid,) without having the certificate required by law for that purpose; whereupon the said. F. after being duly jummenei to answer the aid charge) appeared before mey and hewing heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence) (or as the may happen to be,) did not appear before me pursuant to toe food summins9 (or did neglect and refuse to make any defence gainst the said chargev but the same being fully proved upon tie oath of G. H. a credible witness) (or as the case may happen to be,) acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manijejlly appears to mt) that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said informar tien; I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge, that be the said. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offences of oresaid) to be difiribntrd as the law directs) according to the form if the fiutuu in that case made and provided.

Given under my band and fealy thee day of

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and leften any such penalties as he shall think fit, reafan able costs nd charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as fetch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lcfs thair a moiety, of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges j anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstandingv

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaw,

u That

17^4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44*63$

That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time cciver°e«ieral being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, of theitamp who shall keep a separate and distinfit account of the several duties, and by rates and duties, and pay the same (the neoeflkry charges' of him paid into raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) exchequer, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book' or provide a book books, in which all the mbnies arising from the said several (he dodesle rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall parate from be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or all others, payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said reapplication ceipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment thereof, of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raifmga certain sum of money by way cf annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, shall, at any time or times, be General issue. sued, mofested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause. or thing herein contained, such person or person shall or V may plead the general (flue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pars for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against futch costs, plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the moneys arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry; and also by a land tax, granted to his Majesty by two acts made in the last session of parliament; and for further appropriating tyre supplies granted in this session of parliament. r

800, 0001. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 800, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to beregittered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to betaken, on for feirure of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment subject to action of debt, or on tpe case, with costs and forfeiture oi office. Auditor, See. neglecting his duty, liable sir damages, C the tike to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, (o as money

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgiliii. 0, 44. *734.

be reserved for the preceding orders Power of affi^fqrnl ua'of transferring of orders by ifidoifcnkiu^ eiuertia m^ic »" office (without fee)., If it shall be judged ipore adnfeahte* tj>ei may raise the said sum by C xchrquer bills instead of loans i —

suchs case to be made in the manner prescribed by the moult act of 1 penalties in the said act of Iaff feffiort,

fioo. All advantages and,

to loans or exchequer bills thereby amhorised to bf made forth, to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to bp paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authority to lend to his Majeny ifceicia of 800, 000b; notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marian th*fom of 105, 8181. 5s. nd. 10. remaining in the exchequers shall be applied towards making good, the supply. 441, 702b sis. 9d. iq. out of using of army fer vices, shall be applied tow aids defraying extraordinary a peaces of land forces, C from Feb. 1, 1785, to Dec. 24, i73y* ^themo ques arising by the malt aft, land tax, lottery aft, loans, £1*500*0901) further loans, (1,000, 0001.) 105, 818b 58. 1 id. iq. remaining an the exchequer and $00, 0001. by this a ft granted out of the furpm&s of the sinking fund; shall be applied (with the refidoe of the moneys aidingfom the sale of French prizes, C to the uses following 3, 153, 86^1^64. to

wards naval services; 181, 141b 6 s. CL for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1783} 429, 008l. ss*7d, for thef charges

of the office or ordnance, for 1789.; 3, 716, 570]. 18s. 76. toward^jaus taming the land forces, Sec. 5 of which, 636, 190b9s. id. for defraying the charge of 17, 485 effective men, including 2, 03b invalids, and also gtcm. agency, Sec. j 284, 1131. 2 s.9d. for forces in plantations. See. for 1714;, 8, 252b 7 s.9d. for advance pay to dragoons and foot io the Baste fcdxs, 6, o$ol. 6s. 6d. for general and general Sais Officers in Great Britain*5, 371l. 17s* 9d. for two Hanoverian battalions of foot 3 67, 5511. 14s. id. to the pay mailer general, secretary at war, C and their clerks, 6a. 5

173, 001 L is. cd.for the pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, 6cc.j 75*1x61. 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces, C further sum or 130, 300l.

for ditto 563b 12a. sod. for officers and private gentlemen of bone guards reduced, C 54, 653b 10s. 6d. for commissioned officers of bn tish American forces; 3, 5441* 14s. 3 d. for officers late in the fenrka of the Bates general; 17, 000b 4s. for widows of commissioned officer 686 b for widows of commissioned officers in British American forces; 4*24^ L ml for two regiments of foot sent from Ireland to Gibraltar; to, ct+btrs fd. for additional to three regiment; of foot; 9, 811b 15s. 6 a. for federal corps to their being disbanded; 21, 419b os. tod. q. far five. battalion 1 of Hanoverian infantry, for 183 days; 6, 291b 7s. for general and ftas officers in North America, for 1784; 110, 369b ns. 7d. for fablfidies to the Landgrave of hefte Caffe), Sec. for 1784; 60, 035b 8s, 46. iq. for 6, 461 hcigans, from May s8, to Dec. 24, 1784; 1, 366b 132. to make good a deficiency in the duke of Brunswick's subsidy, for 1783; 77, 853l. 8s. 7d. iq. for several corps in 1784; 15, 616b 4s. 1 id. for three regiments of foot, for 183 days; 11919, 289b 6s. lid. to for extraordisi ries, cof land forces, from Feb. 1, >783, to Dec. 24, following96o, oooot to discharge the civil list debt; i, oooo, ooool. for paying off the exchequei bills made out by virtue of an act 23 Geo. 3.; 1, 500, 600bidrpafring 06 bills made out by virtue of another act of the same year 36, 841 b 1 s. 6 d issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons; 25, 000b to wards carrying on the buildings at Somerset House; 5, 55.9b ta. for fop porting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 3, 150b fottbe island a

St. John; 3, 950). for East Florida; 3, 100b for Now Brunswick in America; m50l. for Cape Breton; 7, 850b to perfect the purefiafe of the hi

C ____1 r__.l. r ' 'mm

of the Bahama Blands, See.; 500b for the chief justice of Somers Iftandi s 3, 000 b for maintaining forts on the coast of Africa; 9, o0ol for tb of of public accounts; 7, 009b to make good tbfljke foe paid to the secretaries of the said of, See.; 4, 000 l.mraufiiiit the Levant company; 3^00b for the brifhh Mustum; d^ol/vs. id on account of new roads, C in the Highland of Scotland; a»8§rtl. 13* 8d. to make cqropensation to the Rev. Thomas Weefces Dalby, for dr taming the ship Hope, Sec. belonging to Charles Wcekes^ on account

th

15*4.1 < Anno quarto gfedron III C 45. £35

: 'tfaft fvi&iiilutfg office, In 1743 and 1744; 75*75°!.3^ r of

Attterilah' civil officers, firq.; i, si61. 15 s. gd. iq. to make good the like (urn tiftled to dischtfge bills drawn on the treasury by the governor t of k6va Scoria; 3, 587l.9s. 6d. to be paid to Joseph white, esq; for de ' fraying expenses of supporting the bill against sir Thomas Rum bold, hart.

tta'fast Tefiion j 9110l. os. gd. to be paid to George White, esq; for defray'frfg^pertces artending committees inquiring into the causet of the wir in the Camlric, and the condition of the British possessions there, in 1781 and 1781; 1, 779!* 13s. to be paid to Mr. Evatt, for expenses attending fetelf committees in four fcflioris, in regard to the ft ate of the administra tfdn 6f justice in the provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Orissa; 116l. 16 s.

'6 d. to be paid to Mr White, jun. for expenses attending felt commit

1 tees during the last and present session, on the report of the direlwrs of the east-india company to the house of commons, dated January 13, 1784, and their further report presented February 16, list;20l. to be paid to Mr. Benson, for his expenses and trouble attending a committee, to inquire into the illicit practices used in defrauding the revenue, and into tyre most effectual methods of preventing the same; 12, 111). usd. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convilli, CC on the river Thames; 13, 556). as. 7<1. toimake good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. a.; 161, 019l. is. gd. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 18 Geo. 3.; 75, 339l 19s. td. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3.; 107, 9091. 10s. 3d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act to Geo. 3.; 455, 88s 1. 19s. id. to make good the deficiency of a fund Y6? paying annuities granted by an act 11 Geo. 3.; 14, 943). 5s. od. tq. td tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an s 13 Geo. 3.; 36, 114). 15s. 3d. 3q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1783. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the hklf pay: none to receive any thifig who was under sixteen years of age, when the regiment was reduced, nor unless he did altual duty, or having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty; any chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice m Great Britain or Ireland; or any having resigned his commission, and tad no rommission since; nor any except tfiofe entitled as reduced officers; nor any officers of the five regiments of dragoons, or eight re 1 giments of foot, lately drfbanded in Ireland, except those taken on half pay.establishment in Great Britain. By an act3 Geo. 3. a sum xlot exceeding 77, 9851. cs. iod. and a sum not exceeding 47, 500l. were appro '|>riavrtl to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying laid Officers, to be disposed of td officer who were maimed, C in the late wars, or to officeis widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. XLV.

An act to extend the powers of an act, ma in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the United States is america, to the trade and tommerce this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America with resptil to certain articles therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an ail, made in the twenty-third year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for prevent Recital of, ing certain instruments from being required from ship, belong Geo.c. 39. 'ing to the United States of America; and to give to bi Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying oa

636 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46, -[1784- 1

trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's do i minions, and the inhabitants of thelaid United Statesj. it iy+x among other things, enabled, That it shall and may be lawful forte Majesty in council, by order or orders to be issued and pkbtifkedfrmn time to time, to give such directions, and to make such regulations, with respect to duties, drawbacks, or other wise, for carrying am tie trade and commerce between the people and territories belonging ta ie \ crown of Great Britain, and the people and territories 4f the said; States? as to his Majesty in council /ballappear most expedient \ and salutary: and whereas it is expedient, that the powers given n; his Majesty by the said in part. recited act, Should be extended itr itie manner to the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the British colonies an I plantations in America, so far as the same may*relate to iron, hemp, and sail cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baluck, which may be exported fteve this kingdom, may it therefore please your Majesty that k may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parliament attcm majesty bled, and by the authority of the same, That it rtiall and may im^wtteci to ^av"^ for1, Majesty in council, by order or orders to be iaktry*uta° and published from time to time 10 give such diroftions* tiens for°car and to make such regulations, with respect to duties, drawbacks, i V g on trade or otherwise, for carrying on the trade and commerce between America re t", s kingdom and the British colonies and plantations in America, httvvto^on fr as elates to iron, hemp, and sail cloth, and other Articles hemp, tail*the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, which clotd, C may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and salutary; law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance ' If. Provided always, and, be it enacted, That this af and of this act. type powers and authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all orders issued and published in consequepce thereof, shall con tjnue and be in force until the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of tlx teres upon, low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; end for the better regulation of the making and vending British pints, as welt for home corfumption as for exportation; and for defraying all home made end foreign pit its, after the condemnation thereof \ and for vejling in his Mcjtjh the duties of excise within the lands of Kerentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinurng, f or q limited time, certain impojh and duties upon rtem and spirits' imported from the West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by several acts of parliament heretofore made, V and now in force, j'undry rates and duties were granted upon lew wines and Jpints made in Great Britain for home eonfutnption

' and

I

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 637

ndxvbereas* in and by the find acts for granting fiub rates and du ics9 and by several other acts made for preventing frauds and abufis the edlecfionand payment thereof \ diverse provisions and directions ?r*ar in relation to the managing, Jtouring, ofiertaining and colic ct tgtbe find rates and duties were made and enacted: and whereas relit tnmvenienties have arifin from the mode of charging and col 'ding the find rates and duties; and the powers rules and regula idns, in and by the said fiveral acts made provided, or contained or the preventing of frauds and abufis, have been found ineffectual: or Teanedy Whereof, and in order to maintain your majesty's evenues, and to secure a proper and sufficient fund towards paying the several encumbrances on the said rates and duties, vc,your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com nons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, think it will be f

or the advantage of the public to discontinue the payment of he said rates and duties upon low wines and spirits, for a LI nited time, and in lieu thereof,: to grant to your Majesty, for he same limited time, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and also that further regulations Should be provided and enabled for the better collecting thereof; and do there ore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be eftaded j and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for and during the From Nor. f, space of two years, to be computed from the first day of No7*4. the du. yember9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the jujetajidf fates and duties granted and imposed upon low wines and fpi fpjnts for rits for home consumptiop, in and by any act or acts heretofore home con made, and now in force, shall be discontinued, save only and fumption, except the arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the ^alj.bc said.rates and duties; and that, in lieu and stead thereof, the years^rates and duties hereafter mentioned, shall, for and dur New ing the said term of two years, be substituted, charged, and infcad there paid; that is to say, 'of.

For every gal

For every gallon of fermented wort or wasti, brewed or made on, for extracting spirits for home consumption, from any malt, fore corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid trading spirits by the makers or distillers. thereof, the sum of five pence: for home con

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or other wash, or liquor, fuinptton, froii* made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials ex pact, &c' d cept such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture there tybrtc£jf^ witfi, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be paid by from British the makers or disttflers thereof, the sum of fourpence: materials, 4d.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, made or brewed aloi! from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting Wash made spirits for home consumption, be paid by the makers or distr tillers thereof, the sum of seven pence farthing: 'iq.pfrgahon:

And for every gallon of foreign tefufed wine, or foreign cy Foreign refus der, or wash, prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses ed wine, C

and lod.pergauo^u

j Anno vicesimo quartogsoffisk jtt.'cifo. (ij!

slid sugar), or any mixture therewith, fer home confamption, to be paid by the tuabevs'cr tfusmtsi of, the lum of ten pence. i

Penalty on II and.be it further enacted, That no wdk, erst removing or in the psflession of any distiller or motor of spirilb, fldulic moved or taken from hia entered premlfes, br'ccticfelect;

all such wort, wadi, and tilts, and also all Tow'wtn& extra! therefrom, shall be severally nfed and dtftifledby such distl and when andfb often as any wort, Wash, tilts, or 7o»*a fbatl be removed, taken away, or concealed, contrary!: true intent and meaning of this a, such wort, waft, mn,: low wines: shall be seized, forfeited, and lost; addovertod (ides such forfeiture, such distilter, and the person dr peri employed to remove, or who shall receive the same, thiu liable to the penalty of ten Ihittings for every gallon of wadi, tilts, or low wines, for removed, taken away, or met CD respeihvely.

wish.fc. not

III. And be it further enacted, That no wort, wash, "tilt?,

to be removed other liquor, for the distilling of spirits for home cohlumptit v»here^n*it wa^in the ftih, or otherwise removed from the bad fermented, vessel wherein the same was or were fomented, urttil the fir until the offi shall have been gauged, and the duties aforesaid rated the; cerhat gauged by the proper officer of excise; and if any distiller shall, w lu' trary to the directions of this as, put into any ftih, or other

remove any such wort, wash, (tits, or other liqtar, from rl back or vessel wherein the same was or were so fermented, b fore the same shall have been gauged, and the duties rated the Penalty on as aforesaid, such distiller shall, for every such offedet, so feit the sum of two hundred pounds, and (hah aflopayamb duty for all the wort, wash, tilts, and other liquor, so pet in the soil, or removed as aforesaid.

IV. Andy to tit intent that tin officers of txdft mej it tk it" enabled todetefl frauds or illicit of every Hind td it ft

lien; be it further enacted, That every officer of excise, hiriii Officer to any dill or follhouse, or other place uled for the purpefe < Veep an exact making or dfluhing spirits for home consumpsoh, mis h wrtun*aft charge or survey, shall keep.«xa& accounts hi hihwfc (01 C whereon p3*0 of difmtffion, and being rendered incapable of fcftiiqv the new du office under the crown) of all wort, wash, tilts, Wficr ft

ties are im quors, whereon the aforesaid duties are impoftd by ibisfist, ^p°fed* shall in his said books of account give unto the'bhnl r. F, respective difollers or makers of spirits hfc otar1 so flrfrey,

ions of wort, credit according to the following rates dr j ttot i

brewed from to say,

malt, corn, -

ttaii*havle^ For "T one hundred gallons of wortor wyfh, Ihitfcf

wed it for to htewed from mbit, com, grain, or tilts, or anyfnixttrt W gallons of fpi the same, the owner or distiller thereof (bail hire cniit sits, of one to twenty gallons of spirits, of the fhtngth of difcl&woftrty

proof j.

7 8*0 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 0, 46. > $39

For cvcqr indeed; g«lto«9r of cyder, perry, waft), or For «oo g*l

there liquor.s made or brewwd i/som any sort or kind of Sritish ^'brewot* natcrials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture from other with the same, the owner or distiller thereof shall have credit Brinlhmateri foc fifteen galipot of spirits, ofctheflr«ngtli: aforesaid; ato, iisgaiipm

For everyione hpndnttb gallons of wort or wadi, made or browed from molofles or fagar.oritny naixttuetherewith, the owner ordiftiuer thereof <hvl hare eredk for twenty lwogal ion o wott, loqsof Spirits, of the ft rangth aforesaid: brewed from

Apd sot '.very open hundred gallons of foreign refused wine or C

foreign eyder, r of wort or wash made or brewed from any foyeign materials, (except mdafle* aadsugar), or any mixture For ioo'j. ve, itth the lame, the owner or distiller thereof shall have, credit lonsof foreign Sot jtwenty gallons of (pints, of the strength aforesaid. refused wine,

C so gal

V. And be it further enacted, That if, on carting tip be as^foremid* fipek of any distiller or maker of spirits for home confuroption, Jf Ae such maker, not being also a reifier, at the aforesaid strength shall find the of one to ten over hydrometer proof, the officer of excite (hyli quantity of find the quantity of spirits contained in such dock to exceed the pint exceed quantity for. which the distilkr or maker thereof is iotitled to such credit as aforesaid, after deducing and allowing for the mentioned, quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such increase such distiller or maker; then, and in every such case, the in fhaubefirised. create of dock shall be deemed and considered as having been > made from wort, wah, tilts, or other liquor, not duly chatged with the rates'and duties granted by this act, and such increase shall b.c. fieifeci and forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer of ex officer to cite shall gauge all won, wart), and other liquor, after the same fs be put into the wash dill, (whether for home consumption the flul or exportation), and keep in his books true accounts of the dill

gauges of such wah, won, and other liquor respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller or maker ptna]ty on of spirits for home consumption, whether he be a redlifier or distthen who not, shall, before be begin to draw off any low wines from the shall draw off wah still, charge the same with the wort, wash, or other LI the'was quor, on which the duties aforesaid shall have been, rated, in 3m dull have the proportion of not left Shan three parts in four of the whole been properly quantity of liquor which inch iiilj, including the head, is ca charged, pale of containing; and that every distiller or distiller for exportation, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off

ooy low wines from their waft) (till, charge the same with wah, in the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which such wall dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every wah still shall be worked off within thefpaee of twenty hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking the gauge of such still; and that every distiller or maker of spirits who shall begin to draw off. any low wines until the wah still shall have been (b charged as. aforesaid, or after having been so charged, shall not work the same

6ifi Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

If any distill ser (bah keep low wines lore than 14 boors after running off

same offwithin the time hereby limited, shall; in either cases, forfeit and lese the fam of two hundred pounds.

VIII. And for the betur prevention of abusts, or of impe&mtiei to the officer in taking an aecountof the diflillerfs Jbtk % bei? farther enabled, That all ow wines whether tnide by distitet entered for home consumption or expovtation (hab, within the space of twelve hours after the same shall have betrt nmrofffwn' the wad) dill, be pumped or put intb the low wine'tffll, 'at shall, within the space of the neat twelve honrsy tie drawfe off

tb "fk into Spirits; and if any such low wines (halt be kept by ay ^fe^iotper distiuw or maker thereof, more than twenty^four hours after' tow' the same shall have been run off from the wash ititt* every foefe

distilkr shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds by the hour, for every hour beyond the time or space hereby limited, tfbrin?1 which any of such low wines shall be kept or remain witbocc being a second time diddled.

D rt&\c* 1 re

IX. And be it further enacted, That evervrefhfierartd com'

Ui veto draw pounder of British spirits shall, before he shall begin to draw ittg off British ff any British brandy,; compounds, or orher spirits, from hit Spirits, C c|iatgc tie sanae in the proportion of not less thaii three

parts in four of the whole quantity of liquor which fori dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every such dill shall be worked off within fifteen hours, to be note j puted from the time of the officers taking the gauge of the (till; I and every re&ifiec or compounder of (pints, who shall draw off j any British brandy, compounds, or other spirits, from any dill, until the same shall have been so charged, or shall not work off the same within the time hereby for that purpose h tnited, shall, in either of such cases, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.^:

Chufc relative X And be it further enacted, That all perlbrw inritied to r«rooiral, ^, or anc demanding for the removal of raw or unrtdu

brihai^spirks dead British spirits, spirits of wine, compounds, or bruft for bqinscoa brandy, for home consumption, shall, in the request note, specify the quantity of such spirituous liquors, and shall also dtf feribe to which of the aftve mentioned clas the liquor so intended to be removed shall belong, didinguifhtng raw and un je&ified spirits made, from corn, from raw and urare&ified fpi'rits made from mclafles or sugar, or any other materials; m1 also specifying the contents of the feverri cxfksr vessels, and other packages containing the same, and by whatmode of conveyance, whether by land carriage or water carriage, 1 the fimie is intended to be fern 5 and no permit shall be granted on any request note not made conformable hereto; and all spiriiuoe* liquors which shall be removed under any fa Hedeft: ript ion(bak be seized, lod, and forfeited.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every permit to be with the ar ff^ted ty any officer of excise for the removal of any British ticuiars^the fprituous liquors for hoqie consumption, shall be made to cor J rtquest note, respond, in respect to the particulars aforesaid, with the request note whereon the same shall be granted; and every such officer

is

Sumption*

Permits to

correspond

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46, 64

hereby requited' to make out and deliver unto the party call Duplicates to I for and entitled to such permit, two original parts or dupli be delivered es thereof, one of which shall be entitled The seller's Permit, by thegfficer.

1 the other The bujeps Permit, in printed letters $ and that buyer's permit shall be sent and delivered with such spirrtu.*, 5 liquors unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that such spiri )us liquors shall (if the same is not seized in the transit for nt, of lawful permit) be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and i seller rendered incapable of recovering the value or price reof in any court of law or equity; and also, that the seller 11* over and besides the loss of the said spirituous liquor, for; and lose double the value thereof, including the duties, and it the evidence of the buyer, or person receiving the said fpi jous liquors, shall be admitted to prove that the same was ivered without a lawful permit.

XII. Provided always, That when any suit or action shall Disputes rela commenced, or any information brought, wherein the de five to the de ery or non delivery of any. permit to the buyer of any British livery ofaper ritupus liquors shall become a question, it shall be iufficientbuyerbri

the seller to exhibit on proof the permit, intituled, The tiih ipirkt,

!ur's Permit, < for the removal of such British spirituous liquors, ho to he de

d to prove that there hath been a suitable decrease in the fell tcrauutd.

svstock of the spirits mentioned in such permit 5 and, upon

i making out such ptoof, the spirituous liquor in question

ill be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a

tful permit according to the true intent and meaning of this

t,

XIII. Provided also, That no buyer of any such British fpi Buyer not to jous liquors shall avail himself of any such forfeiture as afore avail himself d, unless such buyer shall, within fourteen days next after f such)

) of the said goods, exhibit his complaint or Infor

ition upon oath, before the commissioners of excise, or juf dayvtheet*

es of the peace having jurisdtdtion, and forthwith prosecute hibit hit com

ifanae with effect; and when any such buyer shall, before the plaint on oath,

livery of such spirituous liquors; have actually paid for the

northeast, and shall prosecute the seller, by information, for the remy

of the said penalty of double value, to a conviction

the offence aforesaid j then, and in such case, the said buyer

till and may have and maintain his action upon the cafer at the

mmon law against such seller for the money so paid, as for fa

sch motley received by the defendant for the plaintiff's use 5.

d, upon obtaining a verdict in such action, the plaintiff shall

0 recover his costs of fair.

XIV Andbeh further enacted, That no distiller or maker of Restriaions rits shall felt or send out any spirits whatsoever, of a greater relative to the ree of strength, for home consumption, than that of one to strength of

1 over hydrometer proof; and no redlificr or compounder of ipmtt. rits, whether he be a maker of spirits or not, shall sell or send

t any compdunds, British brandy, or other spirits, of a cater or higher degree of strength than that of one inten un r hydrometer proof; and if any such distiller, maker, refii '*her.

64. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIE C 4$.

[1784.

fier, or compounder, shall sell or send out ay eomponoi, british brandy, or other spirits. to thcinteouof this act, such compounds, Br andothet(f4ritt, shall be seized and forfeited. 1 J.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Thx with respect to jt shall and may be lawful for any rcdlifier or compounder of fp i ipuiuot wme. rjts> or any dealer in compounds, british brandy, or Other rectified (pints, upon condition of their keeping theif wholeaod of spirits of wine Separately and apart from their dock of gather liquors, but not otherwise, to call for and receive permits far sending out spirits of wine of any higher or greater degree strength than that of one inten under hydrometer proof W any person not being a maker, redtifier, or compoundetof p rits, (o that the whole quantity of, such spirits of wine, to bet sent to any one person in the same day, shall not exceed ox hundred and twenty galions; and the officer granting such ps'| mits, (hair therein express the same to be double spirit, and shall debit the dock of such redtifier, compounder ordeakf.l at the rate of one hundred and eighty gallons of for everyone hundred gallons of spirits of wine, for which I such permits shall be respectively granted., 1

Rectifier*, C

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Ttat bauonvof'raw of rna'c'ng unto the rectifiers and compounders of.(pints, hi tpiritt they well for what they shall make as for what they shall purchth shall receive, and receive by permit, a fair allowance for that in creak by are allowed water which is necessary to render their spirits fit for consump

lading out tonne they shall be allowed permits for the sending out arty 140 gallon of number of galions, not exceeding the rate or proportionefooe compounds, hundred and forty gallons of compounds, or british brandy C for every one hundred gallons of british raw or uorqft&d(pi

nts, of the strength of one to ten'over hydrometer proof, which they shall have received by permit, or hu hsvetmfc according to the regulations and directions of this, aft; aey thing herein, or in any other ad: contained, to the oooovy notwithstanding.

XVII. And, to the intent that officers of (xijft tty srf issue permits for sending out a greater quantity of Sxitish

compounds, or British brandy, from the flock of any retifier ff compounder e/british spirits, whether be a mater tj ftiriu or not, than that of one hundred and forty gallons for every i hundred gallons which he shall legally make, or legally Officers to be it further eoadled. That the proper officers of egtdfe ftuii < keep accounts keep an account in their books, with every distiller, gaktr, 1 tedllfier, and compounder of british spirits, as well of iky tifier, Sec. to quantities of all british spirits which such distiller. qnil(eplly prevent their make, or legally receive, as. of all British spirits, coropos/xk, 1 Airing per spirits of wine, and British brandy, for which such oficmbill 1

greater pro rant an permit; and when and so often as any, officer (bilk portion than called upon or required, by any maker, reftifipr, pi coapmfr above mender of spirits, to grant any permit for sending out any com tioned. pounds, British brandy, or other spirits, exceeding the quantity

which

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 6+3

ich stich maker, rectifier, or compounder, ought to have naming in flock, the officer shall immediately examine, or ifc to be examirted, the flock in hand of the person or peris demanding such permit as aforesaid, and whatever ex's shall be found, such excess shall be seized and forfeited.

slvm. And, to the intent that the officers of excise may the ter guard agaitifl and discover any il/icit practises for evading the iet vpm tooris> toa/b, and other liquors, granted by this dfl, be further enacted, That the officers of excise shall, within Officers, once' rty days after the day of the passing of this act, and so astern once in every thirty days at the least, and oftener when coun*of*hc tafion (half require or when directed by any principal or ge Hock of alt ral officer of excise, or by the surveyor or supervisor of the distillers for Irift, take M account of the (lock of all distillers and con. of British spirits for home consumprion, and also of the of the^av" a or tmreftified ftoek of all dealers in spirits'for home con stockot deal nption, (such distillers, makers, or dealers, not being actual ers:

Sisters or compounders of spirits)) if, on taking the same, -5 quantity of spirits in ftoek, added to the quantity for which rtnits shall have been granted since the last reckoning, shall found to exceed the ftoek left in hand on the last reckoning, dead to the quantity since legally made or received by permit Jth ftoek being castor computed at the strength of one ro ten tr hydrometer proof,) the quantity of spirits so found in ex ftfhailbe seized, lost, and forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within thirty days Andalfoof XC after the passing of this act, and afterwards once in every then ftoek sty dayt at the least, the officers of excise shall also take an of reifier count of the raw or unreftified (lock of every rectifier or com Anders and under of spirits, whether he be a maker or not, and also of of their coins ftbok of all compounds, British brandy, or other British fpi pounds, C

8; and if on taking such account, the nocks so taken, added

jho*quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been awn by such rectifier or compounder since the last reckoning, all be found to exceed the former ftoek, and the guantity since ade or received by permit, with the allowance of forty gallons aforesaid on every one hundred gallons so made or received acting or computing such ftoek at the strength of one inten ider hydrometer proof,) the compounds, British brandy, or her British spirits, so exceeding, shall be seized, lost, and for iied.* '

XX*Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Directiona re ijratllfha}) happen to be at work at the time of the officers of lative to soils wfetahim* the ftoek of any distiller, maker, rectifier, or coma w?rk a: wider of spirits to whom such (fill belongs, then, and in f jj5

ery such ease, all the spirits produced from that charge of the*

ill shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of the ftoek,

Itthfi account of the rest of the ftoek shall have been completely test/after which the spirits produced from the charge of the ill (halt see added to the ftoek.

XXI. And fer enabling the officers ef excise the mm readily

to

6*4

Standing cads containing

raw spiritt shall within

30 days alter pairing this act, or before they are used, be entered at the proper office, and gauged. Movable casks to have their contents marked thereon,

on penalty of

50

Movable calks not empty, to be filled up before officers take stock.

on

too

penalty of

Dealers, who are not recti fiers, C not to be allowed any increase upon spirits.

Spirits found in the possessi. on of dealers above the strength allowed by this act, to be forfeited.

Anno vicesimo quarto geor, OU IIL C 4 [1784.

to take the several accounts by this act directed, be it further enacted, That all (landing or fixed casks, wherein any raw or unrectified spirits, compounds, 'British brandy, or other spirits are kept in (lock, shall, within thirty days after the passing of this act, or if erected or setup after that time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper office of excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the satisfaction of the principal or general officer of excise, or of the surveyor or fupcnrifcr of excise for the district; and that every movable cask, used for the purpose of sending out or keeping of raw or unrefti&d spirits, compounds, British brandy, and other spirits, by any maker, rectifier, compounder, or dealer in British spirits six home consumption, shall have its full contents in gallons lfegi bly marked on some conspicuous part thereof, upon pain t&k the owner of any movable cask soused, not being so marked, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such default or omission.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if a previous notice of twelve hours, in writing, be given or left by the officer of excise, of his intention to take any (lock of raw or unrectified spirits, compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, by virtue of this act, the owner thereof shall forthwith fill up, or cause to be filled up, all such of his movable casks as shall not be left empty, except that he may leave one usage of each respective sort or species of compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, to the intent that such officer may be able to take such (lock with the greater case and certainty; and the owner of any such dock refuting or neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no dealer in spirits, not being also a maker or rectifier of spirits for home coniump tien, shall be allowed any inc/ease upon any spirits whatsoever) and if, on taking an account of the dock, there shall be found any rayv or unreftified spirits of a greater drength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or any British brandy, or compounds of any kind, above the drength of one inten under hydrometer proof, (save only and except spirits of wine, which are herein-before otherwise provided for,) the same shall be respectively seized and forfeited.

XXIV. Provided always?, and be it further enacted, That if on taking the dock of any dealer in spirits, not being an afttial rectifier or compounder, any British spirits, or compounds, o British brandy, (excepting spirits of wine received by lawful permit under this act,) or any mixture of British spirits, compounds, or British brandy with foreign spirits, shall be found in his custody, exceeding the strength of one inten under hydrometer proof, the same shall be deemed British spirits illicitly obtained, and shall be seized and forfeited.

XXV. And, to the intent that no allowance may h mode of permits granted, to any person or persons calling themselves reftifen or compounders for faley but not being known and actual reftijfm or compounder s for any increase which such person or persons may make

74-3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. $45

ir their flock by water, be it further enacted, That no dealer, Or Who shall bd other person, shall be deemed to be a rectifier or compounder deemed rec of British spirits within the purvieu or intent of this a, who tifiersorconi rt>all not have an entered dill, capable of containing; in the body rjiercof, exclusive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons at the least, nor unless such dill shall have suitable tubs and 'worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona fide used for xhp rectifying of British spirits for sale.

XXVI Afid9 to the intent that the officers of excise may the mote conveniently examine into and give proof (if necessary) of the firength and quality of any compounds y British brandy or other spirits far home consumption be it further enacted, That it (half and may Officers 1 fc>e lawful to and for the officers of excise, at all times, to take take (ample samples, not exceeding four gallons respectively, of any com °f/^nfforth* pounds, British brandy, or Other spirits whatever, upon pay jamc* ixient after the rate of seven Shillings per gallon for British fpi ritfi* and of thirteen Shillings per gallon for foreign spirits.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no maker, rech In what fixed sir, or compounder of spirits, shall receive into his stock or ve^els* ad possession any raw or unrectified spirits in any call or vessel of & less size or content than that of one hundred gallons at the received by lead; new shall any rectified or unrectified spirits or any com dilhhers, ice pounds, or british.brandy, be received by any distiller, redifkr hfiers, cor compounder or by any dealer in spirits, at any other time than between the hours herein after mentioned; that is to say,

( from the twenty-fifth day of march to the twenty rlintli day of September, both inelusive, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening; and from the thirtieth day of September to the twenty-fourth day of Afarch9 both inclu live, between the hours of seven in the morning and six in the evening; and when and so often as any raw or unredified spirits shall be received in any cask or vessel of a less content or lim than such as is before described, dr if any raw or unrectified (pints, or any compounds, or British brandy shall be received at any other hour than as herein before for that purpose is limited, such Compounds British brandy and other spirits

be seized and forfeited.

XXVIII. And whereas great frauds are daily committed by distillers fraudulently conveying waft) into their stills9 and the officers of excise are not sufficuntly enabled to discover the same, by reason of the nutnbet of pipes and conveyances which communicate with the charging pipe; now the better to enable the officers of excise to detest such frauds in future be it enacted, That no distill After o&.t* Jer of spirits whether for home consumption or exportation,7*4* nodto* shall from and after the first day of October, one thousand ^orethanons feyeri hundred and eighty-four, have of keep any pipe or con pjpc leading veyance leading to his wall (till save and except the known tohiswaflt charging pipe or conveyance leading from his known and en ft*lh tcredwaih back or backs, and which said pipe or conveyance shall empty itself into a fliute, open trunk, or vessel at a distance not exceeding six feet from the (till and of the following Vol. XXXIV XX dirnen

Di mentions thereof.

Penalty Officers may

thepcovi ors contained la

is Geo. 3. 4*;

C

and 14 Geo. 3. c-73i

646 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46, [1784.

dimensions; (that is to say,) at lead four feet in length. feet in width, and two feet in depth; from which (hute, open trunk, or vessel, the conveyance pipe, into the wash U, Qiai be in a straight line; on pain of forfeiting for every ocher pipe or conveyance erected, setup, kept, or continued, the sum of two hundred pounds: and, to the end that thei.officers of ex^ e nay be able to taste, examine, and ascertain the quality of

uke a sample all wah, or other liauors intended to be conveyed iota the II of the wash. or dills of every distiller or maker of low wines and fptrks, whether for home consumption or exportation, such officers are hereby empowered, as often as to them, or any one of them, shall seem expedient, to take a sample or (acnples of the wah or liquid while in fermentation, or during its conveyance to the wah still or (tills, not exceeding twelve gallons at am one time, on paying after the rate of one shilling and sixpence per gallon for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every thedau* fes, provisions, restrictions, powers, authorities, and dirq&iioas, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an act of the twelfth year of his majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise with respect to teayfoapy low wines, and Spirits \ or in and by an act of the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, entitled An aq /; extend so much of an act pqffea in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to distillers or makers of Uw wines and spirits from corn to every kind of difiller; and ft? the more effectual securing the revenue of exci/e arising from low wines and spirits \ for aftertaining the allowance to be made to the manufacturers of wool and linen in respect of tbs duties on soap imported and used in the woollen and linen memxfac tures9 so far as the same relate to or concern the finding, providing, and affixing any locks, keys, or fattening to the fur viding locks nace doors, wash pumps, still head, and charge and discharge furnace doors) c°ck> of arty wah still, and to the head and discharge cock of still head. C any low wine still for the making of spirits for home consumption, and for the securing, locking up, and use thereof respectively; and the powers, authorities, and di red ions thereby respectively given to the officers of excise for the opening and*(hutting of the furnace doors, and still heads, and cocks, and for enforcing a due obedience to the said acts, in respect to the matters aforesaid, under the several pains and penalties thereby respectively imposed and inflicted for any dtfobedieace or neg extended to led concerning the same, shall be, and the famfc are hereby re diitillecs of enacted and declared to extend to all furnaces, wah pumps, soir export a 6* anc distillers and makers of low wines and spirits for

tioa. P*exportation,

wont. And for enabling the officers of excise the bettor to inlitledto^oy & "ard a&atnft an fraud (» the Charge of the wash fill for disallowance for tilling of low wines and spirits for exportation, under a preunu of such charge having been increased by water or other fluid mixed therewith \ be it further enacted, That no distiller os maker of

C r.'spirirs

so far as relates to pro f viding locks

increase of walk io the dill.

1784.] Anno Victflmo qtiarto Georgii IIIl. C 4 spirits for exportation shall have or be mtitled to any allowance, 'for or under any pretence of any increase by water or any other' field mixed with the wash put into the (till; but the whole charge of the (till shall be considered as wa(hf and the distiller or maker shall, in respect of the said charge, produce to the prbper officer the several and respective quantities and proportion of spirits specified and directed m and by an act of the twenty first year of his present majesty's reign, for, (amongst Other things) the better and more effectually securing the revenue off'excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pinns and penalties in and by the said act directed and provided m that behalf.

XXXI. And whereas distillers and mdkert of spirits, having Preamble, remade entry of their fiill houses, have sometimes for illicit purposes di

withdrawn such entry, although their utensils for brewing and fer tiroes\rith - meriting wort, wash, or other liquors, and for distilling of spirits, draw their ea baye been left jlanding, or in such a state as to be readily con tries whilst Verted again to those uses: and whereas there is reason to suspect ^tentils^ that great quantities of spirits have been made in the nighttime, by*

difiilkrs and makers of spirits, without the knowledge of the officers of excise, and that such spirits have been afterward concealed, or elandrfinely removed, and the duties chargeable thereon evacted: and whereas such distillers and makers of spirits, disregarding the [mail and inadequate penalty provided by law for refafing access by night to the officers of excise, have many times excluded and prevented any office? from entering their respective still hottfes in the nighttime, whereby opportunities have been obtained of defrauding his Myefly of a considerable part of the duties upon low wines and spirits: and whereas no provision is made by law, whereby any excise officer can or may, in the nighttime, have access to the entered premises of th maker of spirits for home con jump lion, but in the presence of a tonne stable, or peace officer \ and by means of the frequent difficulty 6f finding any such officer in the night, as well as of toe smallness of the penalty which be incurs by his refuj'al to attend the officer of excise' far such purposes when required, the affifiance of such peace officer i<rn seldom be obtained; be it further enacted, That no distiller, No distiller to or maker of spirits for home consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw his withdraw or discontinue his or her entry of any still house or joufe&fc storehouse vyhilft any duty therein shall be depending, or arty whiift°any utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, shall be startd duty is de ing; and that it shall and may be lawful for any officer pcnjingf or'or officers of excise, belonging to the district, to enter by night, nd as well as by day, by the umal or most accustomed doors or V

paitages, into all entered still houses, and all other places enter ftiu^where utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, are stand houses by ittg, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines and fpi* night, is well rits for home consumption or exportation; and if any person br M da persons shall wilfully obstruct any such officer or officers of excise itotn having free ingress and regress into and from any such en f tered still house or place, cverv such person shall, for every such

X X £ offence.

4$Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and after pay obstruction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such affiry or officers of excise, together with proper assistance, to break open by force, any doors leading or belonging to such entered lill house, or place, or any or the windows thereof, or break, through ai\y of the walls. To far as is necessary far obr piftilfen nay taining entrance thereinto: provided always, That nothin change their herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend jo home con 0* Prevent any difliller from changing his entry for the making.' fumption to spirits for home consumption, to an entry for making of fpstiu exportation, Cotr exportation, or from changing his entry for the making of C spirits for exportation, to an entry for making of spirits for

home consumption, so that every new entry for the respc<3fchre - purposes aforesaid be made on the same day whereon such distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former entry; but if the new entry shall not be made on the same day in which the former entry shall be withdrawn, such former entry shall remain and continue in soil force.

Perfomknow

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person ac logs' - tually occupying any house, whether he or she be the owner or v«tf backer rentcr thereof, shall knowingly permit any private back pr fhll still to be fed to be setup and used in any part of such house, or in any in their'building thereto belonging, by any person or persons whatso houics, (halt ever, for the making of wort, waft), or other liquor for distib penalties as lat, on or of any low wines or spirits, without a due entry being the persons previously made thereof at the proper office of excise, as is by ufingtbefaiae. law required, such occupier shall incur and be subject to that same pains and penalties as are by law directed to be jnfli&ed on the person or persons actually using any such back.or fb'lj. Stints seized

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all arrack and ed »" rum and all home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and lued by such other spirits, of what kind soever, which shall be seizedand persons. See. condemned as forfeited, under any former act or this present as the com al, shall be valued by such persons, and in such manner and mtife'and*v form respectively, as the commissioners of excise, in cases, of customs n seizure made by their officers, and as the of of his spectively flail majesty's customs, in case of feizufe made by officers of the direct; and customs, shall refjwdively direct; and, after such valuation, the

then destroy yamc be staved and utterly defrayed p and that, on die

officer or officers who seized the same producing a satisfactory certificate or proof of such valuation and condemnation, and of the destroying such brandy, compounds, or other spirits. the said of, they are hereby respectively authorised Receiver ge and required to directhe receiver-general of the duties of ex to tovfclwne c'^e» or lhc receiver-general of the customs, as the case may be, ofecer the*Pay out of the duties in their receipt and collections, unto amount of his the seizing officer or officers, the amount in value of his or share of the their (bares of such condemned and destroyed brandy, cotn

value. pounds, or other spirits, according to the valuation thereof

made as aforesaid, axclufively of the duties for the same; any

law Statute, or ufigg to the contrary notwithstanding.

u XXXIV ai

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 64$

XXXIV. And whereas a manufacture of spirits commonly called From Nov. 1,

veil with refyeft to the quality of the liquor as to tbs process by following duty vhich it is made: and whereas the said manufacture requires so for the maid erge a proportion of wash to produce a given quantity of/pints, as to Gwcva ender it impcjjtbu to revive the said manufacture, if the rate of hdty prescribed by this act be collected on each gallon of the wajby e it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of stovembtr* one thousand seven hundred and eighth four, during he continuance of this act, there shall be (Hid by the said For every 71 leorge Bishop, for every fcvetuy two gallons of wafti which he gallonsof hall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, not exceed producing one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of fifteen hill pouoxoy* ngtf, being at the rate of twopence halfpenny per gallon. M malr, C 15s.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for every one six gallon of hundred and twelve pounds of malt, or other corn, soused, the (pints to be aid George Bishop shall be allowed a credit, in the books of also^ed by the he proper officer of excise, of not more than six gallons of fpi

its, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof. jna)t>

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before the said Georgebishop rtorge Bishop (hah make use of any malt or corn, for the pur to give 1*

ofe of making any worts or wash, he dull give twelve hours ^ouj's " «PCC lotice in witing to the proper officer of excite of his intention weigh the o use the same, in order that the said officer may attend to n\alt, C veigh such malt or torn; and if the said George Bishop shall

lcgled to give such notice as aforesaid, he Ural], for every on penalty of uch neglect, forfeit and iofe the sum of five hundred pounds, 50°*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose geargebifboji

f enabling any officer of the district to ascertain the strength Jo provide a if the wail on which theluty as aforesaid shall have been tcj:

barged, the said George Bishop shall provide, in the said distill tt/de 0 - zry house, a small frill, with a worm and tub complete, of a termine the ize Efficient to distill, at one time, twenty-four gallons of strength of vah; quantity of wafti such officer is hereby empower the wafti.

tito take and difrill for the purpose aforesaid, when and 7 often as he shall think fit; and if the twenty-four gallons of vafh so difrilied, shall be found to produce more than two allons of spirks, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer roof, then the whole quantity of wash from which such wehty*four gallons were taken, shall be charged with a duty f ten pence per gallon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such of the Duties to be ates and dutes by this act granted, as fh?il arise and become unde*the«a ayable in England or Wales or the town of Berwick tlport "ff

"weedy shall be under the receipt and management of the com' fionerspf ex

fiirtioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Eng eifein Eng

m.d. for the time being, and that all such of the said rates and;

uties by this act granted, as Sham arise and become payable In

cotlaad, shall be under the receipt and management of the 9

X X 3 com

1c

and paid at such times as the duties hereby dif

650 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 46.

of and officers of his majesty's revenue of excite in Scotland for the time being; and the said of 6f excise, or the major part of them, within their respective departments or jurisdictions, shall be, and are hereby respectively empower I ed, by commission under their respective hands and foals, to I Constitute and appoint under them such officers as shah be necessary in that behalf; and all the moneys to arise from the said rates and duties shall, from time to time, during the said (pace or term of two years, be paid, collected, and received at tech continued are respective times as the aforesaid duties upon low wines and fpi directd to be r; ts made for home consumption, and hereby discontinued, pakl* have usually been, or ought to have been, or are directed n be

Momeiarifing paid, collected, and received; and all the moneys whatsoever aris from the du ing from the rates and duties granted by this act shah, accordingtr d" L* the judscment f the kid commissioners of excise in England app* and Scotland, within their respective departments for the time being, or the major part of them, be by them ordered, appro

Striated, paid, and applied, in a due and just proportion, to and or the several and the same uses and purposes as the said rates and duties on low wines and spirits were, by the several acts for granting, imposing, or appropriating the same, diverted to be appropriated and applied respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, by any art of parliament now in force relating to his Majesty's revenues of excise upon spirituous liquors or strong waters, made in mt. Britain for home consumption, are provided, settled, or efta

Uapphcdin br, (hector during, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, executing this collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the act. rates, duties, or penalties, thereby granted or directed, and for

preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relative thereto, (not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or contmuled by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, adjudging, ascertainim; and recovering, the rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures, herein before imposed, granted, or made payable by this act, and for detecting, preventing, and punching bands relating thereto, as fully and effectuahy, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, roles, directions, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were herein repeated and re enacted.

Limitation of

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any action or salt action. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done, by any officer or officers of excise or customs, or any others acting in his or their aid. In execution of, or by reason of his or their office, under the authority or by colour of this act, such action or salt shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or - tried

Powers and penalties of former acts relative to spirituous liquors for born con

17*40 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii JU. C 4$. 651

|ried in the county or place where the sails were committed,

and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or

[General issue.]

defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the

Special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon;

jlind if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or dif

continue his, her, or their action or fuir, or if, upon a verdicfc

or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover

treble costs, and have such remedies for the same, as any de Treble costt.

fendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where

cofu are given by law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per person ions shall obstruct, assault, resist, oppose, moled, or hinder any obttru&me an officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of the several olfficer in the powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers, by this or any other act now in force relating to distillers, rectifiers, or compounders of British spirits for home consumption, or for exportation, or to sellers of, or dealers in, brandy, arrack, rum, or other spirits or strong waters; every person or persons so offending, shall (except in such case for which other penalties are herein before directed) forfeit and lose, for, every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and Penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act (and not herein before otherwise forfeitures directed) shall be sued for, recovered, and levied by such ways, cowed^and*" means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or applied, may be sued for, recovered or levied, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if the matter mall arise in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdoms; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person to person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the penalties be prosecuted given by this act, shall be prosecuted for the same offence un twice for the <ier any former act j nor shall any person who shall be sued or umc otttnqtm prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, be prosecuted again for the same offence by virtue of this present act, or of anything herein contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall com commence mence and take effect, as to all such matters and things there m*nt oi lbi* in contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is -

hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the,

tenth day of oqohery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XLV. And whereas it has been found by experience, that the laws and regulations established by the several /latutes, made in behalf of the dislittery of com spirits, hay not produced the intended effecty'

X X 4 either

6jz> Anno vicagmo cpartpgs^rg wul. g. A [13

plbtrto the publiei revenueor U the peoph, tvmtin

- dislrifls of the Highlands, that part of Qttai em

Scotland; and that upon account of the inferior auulitytftbc grm produced in the places and limits after deferredy toemuntainnui far face thereof ', and the nature of the fuel: and vfbereai. though fdmi foregoing regulations and provisoes, by tig ptefenx jfa&h woujft be equally defective in their application for or execution in tit said distrihs, as the laws already subsisting have hitherto proved; ] he From 0&. i, it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1784, 0001- after the first day ofoctober, one thousand seven hu, q^r©d, rd In Scot sty four, it mall be lawful to the commissioneru, omhcms ifnd mvim Jor Parl f Them ty pommission upder their hands, of bjtlfa put fdch jesty's excise, in the said part of Great Britain Cjalied % 4lknif pei ions as they notwithstanding the several former a<sls and Statute whijcfado in^rtaln^ 3t prc^nt fubfis in behalf of, or in relation to, the dirtil^ or Highland manufacturing spirits from corn, and also notwithstanding the counties, to provisoes and regulations herein before enacted, to authorise fre& and and empower such number of persons as they shall judge proper

work^ul*. ancj expedient, within the Highland parities and distritt* of the several counties of Orkney, Caitfmefi, Sutherland, fyfs, Inutmju Argyle, Bute, Sterling, Lanark, Perth, Dunbarton aberdeenj&r* far, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, and Murray, towered, keep, ad work (tills, the cubit contents of which, when the heads arc on, may contain twenty gallons of English measurp, and of ca greater size or content,ory>( any number of gallons under the said content, (except, in conference of the population mi quantity of grain in any particular parish or distri^f, it may appear necessary to the said commissioners to licence a (fill orftius from twenty to thirty galions, and of no greater size or content), together with all nccenary implements proportioned to thejiaiej and to distill or draw off spirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the said parishes or districts. one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the date of tty commission or licence, and so from year to year thereafter j and in such Commission or licence to hx and afeeriairi the bounds and limits

Duly io be paid by such persons.

of the particular district within which the licence is to hue effect; which persons so licensed shall, upon delivery of the said'commissions, be obliged to pay into the receipt of the general excise, in the city of Edinburgh, the sum of twenty Shillings for each eng/rjh gallon of the content of such dill specioed by him, for the endurance of one year, in place of all rates or duties whatsoever by this or any former at imposed upon distillers, or upon any materials or produce of distillation.

XL VI And, in regard the said privilege and exemption II bereft granted fer the ptirpefe of promoting agriculture and imprevmnt, for assijung to rear and support cattle, and for accommodating the inhabitants of the said places, parishes, and districts, with pints Awn from their own grain at moderate rates, so as.all pretence for tu cmmijjwn of frauds against his Majesty's revenue may be removed: therefore, in order to prevent all such frauds, and the abuts of the said privilege and exemption be it eriafletj ty the

rity

784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 65^.

ity aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful or allowable to the commission tui commissioners to grant licences under this a to any person r not to r person who are tenants or taxmen, unless such person of snsiimis!^ «rfons' shall produce, with their application a certificate fub qdjefs they zribed by their real landlord or landlords, and also by a justice produce a cer* f peace of the county where they live, recommenoing him, tificate of rc lciy or them, as proper persons to receive such licences.,

JCLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore landlords, C aid, That it shall not be lawful to any person or persons what No oevtr, within any of the places, parishes, or districts so de within the said bribed; excepting those who shall be licensed or commissioned dittrida ex n manner before directed, or distillers regularly entered, accord pt those to ng to the general laws of excise), to extra of distill any low ^der^hii^ vroesor spirits, from barley, corn, or grain of any kind, or aftf ct

her materials, by any method or process whatsoever, or to dittiil any low lave in his, her, or their custody, any worm or still commonly wines or cpi jfed in distilling corn spirits, or any wah, low wines or other rlts* prepared materials for distillation. r

XLVIII. And for preventing offrauds and offences aga'wjl the prohibitions hereby made \ be it further enacted by the authority Any person iforelaitlthat whatever person or persons shall be convidfod ^onvjded of f extracting or distilling any spirits from com qr other mate or havtne

iqls, or of having in Ins, her, or their custody, any worm or any' ^11, 8ccf till commonly used in distilling corn spirits, he, she, or they in his posses-11311 forfeit and lole the sum of one hundred pounds for each n all fr offence 5 one moiety of which shall belong to the poor of the felt 100 # t>ari(h in which such offence shall be committed, and be paid: o the kirk treasurer or other receiver of charities upon their account, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform of, and sue for the same j and further, the still, and also the worm, batch, and whole other utensils found therewith, and belonging thereto, shall be forfeited and seized, and the value thereof divided by equal moieties; one moiety to the said poor of the parish, and the other moiety to the informer or profecu lor, in the same manner as is directed to be done with the said fine or penalty j and further, in case the said person or personsi shall retufe or neglect to pay the said penalty when demanded, hen the household furniture, implements, crop, and cattle, of he person or persons so convicted, shall be taken in execution, m.d. sold for payment of the said fine, the charges of recovery, ind of making good the same, without regard to any right the andlord of other party may have or pretend to have therein, upon any account 'whatpver; and in case no such effects be If the effects, found, of that the effects actually found shall not produce the of the offender, amount of the said penalty and charges, then the heritors of theheri

the parish in which the offfence has been committed, shall be tors of the pa >bliged to pay the whole of the said penalty, or tq make up the rish shall sup jeficiency thereof, as the case may happen; as also in the cases p*/the defici where the said heritors shall be liable or subjected, it shall be cncy* optional to the hoard of excise in Scotland, or to the prosecutor at whose instance execution issued, to sue any threevof

*'$5

V

*54 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46, [1784.

the said heritors they or he may judge proper, for payment of the said fine, or remainder of fine, and charges attending the same; and the heritors making payment shall have recourse and relief against all the other heritors in the said parish, and each of the said heritors shall pay according to the proportions, and in the same method, as that by which the depend of the minister is levied and paid; providing also, that the person who holds the execution or diligence against the said effects and is infilled to levy the said fine, may bring his action, and is to have execution against any three of the said heritors, jointly or severally, for payment of the Turns due; and upon payment thereof, the said heritors shall have recourse against the other heritors of the parish for their respective proportions of the 0n4 lleritort.apon sum; and the said heritors, 'Upon payment, shall have action gayra!5ltiftiail against the person and property of the principal offender; which against the offender upon suffering himself to be imprisoned therefore dull principal of not be entitled to the benefit of cejjfio bonorum, neither shall the trader. burghs be at liberty to discharge the said person or persons, in virtue of the act or the parliament of Scotland, commonly called be Act of Grace, or any other privilege of the law, hut the said persons shall suffer imprisonment as fraudulent offenders against, and debitors to, his majesty's revenue; as also providing that it shall be lawful for thp said commissioners of excise, by the tenor of the licences to be by them granted, to restrict the person or persons, receivers of the same, to retide in such particular places of the said counties, places, or distrusts, as to the fnt of shall seem proper for answering the purpafe hereby intended, the said places being always at the distanceef ten miles, (according to the computation of the country), at licensed per the lead, from any entered or exciseable distillery; and the per fens, 10 days sans so licensed by them shall be obliged, ten days before the before the ex expiration of the current commission, to renew the same, and their'commis to pay t*lc moneys respectively due therefore; providing, that m on, to renew case the persons so authorised shall neglect to take out new commissions as is hereby directed, and continue notwithstanding to distill spirits, such persons shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall not be capable of being again licens ed, and the of shall authorise other persons in their places; providing also, that in the cases where new commissions shall be issued to other persons, upon account of the.negta&of the distiller formerly licensed, such person, if alive, or, if deceased, his heir?, executors, or other representatives, shall be obliged to deliver up the still and other implements belonging thereto, to (he excise officer of the district, upon payment of the value thereof, to be determined by any two of the ncartft justices of the peace resident at the time, one to be named by the officer, and the other by the said person or his rcprefcms tives; and, upon the delay or refusal of such delivery or nomination of a justice, it shall be lawful for the officer to seize upon the said still and implements, and to have the same valued by any two justices of peace in the bounds, and to consign the value

thereof

the same.

On failure thereof, and continuance etdifti1ling, to forfeit 1001.

*55

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

[hereof in the hands of the sheriff clerk, or the ckrk of the 3cacc of the county, to be by them made forthcoming to the ^ersons having right, at their own rifle; and the said still and mplemcim are to be at the disposal of the commissioners of &xdfe.

XLIX. Andy fllll more effectually to answer the purposes before rxptejjhd, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No (pint raa- spirits manufactured by such licensed distifler shall be exported; nufafhired by or carried, or sold, out of the bounds of the several counties, licensed distii disttidta, pantiles, or places before described; and in case any ried Tut of the foctv spirits shall be found out of the said bounds, the same shall raid bounds, be, ipso faflo> forfeited, and are hereby directed to be seized,

nd treated according to the rules of excise in common cases of forfeiture; providing also, that it shall not be lawful to the said nokcensed licensed distillers to keep, have, or use more than one still, or diituler to to remove the same to any other place, contrary to the tenor or direction of their respective licences; as also that it (has! not be or to remove lawful for such licensed distillers to use or consume any other the same, dec. gramme than the growth or produce of the parish or distrilt (to be mentioned and described in the licence to be taken out in manner

aforesaid) where he resides; neither shall it be lawful to him, her, or them, to purchase spirits from one another, or to purchase or receive into their flock, spirits made by any other persons whatever; and in case of any offence against this prohibition, and due conviction thereof, the said persons shall forfeit the lum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the poor of the parirti where the offence shall be committed, and the other*moiety to the informer; and further, that the said distillers, 1 upon such conviction, shall lose the benefit of his, her, or their licences, and be incapable of having the same renewed, and shall also forfeit his, her, or their still and implements, the value whereof shall be divided between the poor of the parish and the informer, in the same manner as the penalty aforesaid; which penalties are to be levied upon the goods of the distillers, and, sailing of goods sufficient for the purpose, their persons are to be imprisoned and detained, without the benefit of cefpo bonorum, or the act for the relief of the royal burghs, commonly called The act of Gracey or other relief whatever: providing also, That if any tuch licensed tenant, possessor, or taxman of land, shall be convitfted of wilfully keeping or working a still larger, or of more content, than is speci head in his licence, or of keeping or working two or more stills, contrary to the foregoing prohibition, then, and in that case, the immediate landlord or proprietor of the ground or place upon which the said fraud has been committed, shall be obliged to make good the penalty or remainder thereof, after the sale of the offender's goods in manner before mentioned, reserving to the said landlords due relief against the persons and properties of their said offending tenants, in the same manner as is herein-before provided for relief of the heritors of parishes against un licensed and fraudulent distillers within their bounds.

nor to par chase (pin tv made by any other person, on penalty of tool.

If any such licensed tenant shall be convicted of keeping a still larger than is specified in his licence, C'landlord of the ground shall make good the penalty, after file of the offender's goods, dec.

vcrin^ censed (tills, or tti'ls of greater content than to galions, CC lntitled to a

65 6 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4^.

[1784.

commhkon L And be it farther enacted by the authority afadatf, en may with that it shall be lawful to' the said commissioners of eiafe to

iuhescre "*» ?11jor any rf th ucen<?mrabled by thrabwtiiy fm tiobt they mall judge proper, or to rcfufo to renew jot continue the same: providing. That if such licences (half be whhdnaitqdv. iftg the currency thereof, without any fauk or oflfende pfwn*upon the holder thereof, he, she, or they, shall be mtftledtd be repaid of a proportion of the moneys advanced by them, cor i respondent to the time which may be unexpired at the notice of such licence being withdrawn $ but the (till and implements are, in that case, to be given up, valued, and paid for, as shore drafted.

LI And, in the lost place, for punishing the negligent, omich tour ageing the diligent officers of excise, within the counties hefmib Officers dhco scribed, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any off onli cer shall discover and (eize unlicensed (fills, or (fills kept by pet d (tills, fofl* licensed of greater content than twenty galions;

mea&rcy or other wise, as is before mentioned, when the beach are on as aforesaid, or more"1than one (f ill in the custody of such person, or give information of such frauds, (b as the offender.

may be convicted thereof, such officer shall be entitled to are % vrar o ioi* wa^j Of tea poun<js (ferling for every (till so seized, or mforms tien given, to be paid him with the next salary due, and the ium of five pounds shall be deducted out of the fahriy of the officer who did duty for three months in the said district prtced ing, and in whose time the said frauds were committed, tad allowed to remain undiscovered.

Treasury to

LII. And be ir ensued by the authority aforesaid, Tfcrttbs order comm if commissionerfc of his majest's treasury, or any threeortfiarcof cife to make or the lord high treasurer for the time Wing, (hah, rm

upcan account mediately after the passing this act, direct the commissibpksfor of the produce managing his majesty's revenue of excise, to cause to be'ttndi of the duties up an account of the net produce of the several and itffce&w *7*7^" duties of excise repealed by this act for seven years, end the years with a fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and cd^hty^hrc^ medium with a medium taken of the same; and the said cootoifidtien

thereof. of the treafary, or any three or more of them, or thebtg'hftt*

surer for the time being, are hereby authorised and rtrjufred (S issue their warrant to the said commissioners of excise, ffireskig and requiring them to cause their proper officers to difftibutt and apportion the moneys which (hah be paid to the receiver-general of excise, for the duties granted by this act, in the fel moneys to be lowing proportions; that is to wy, As the annual medium of paid to the each Jiftridt and respective duty hereby repealed, feptratdy com

rai^b^vutuv Puted on the avera?e f even y* as aforesaid, is to the tots) of this act, of the income of all the duties hereby repealed, competed on

how to be dif the same average of seven years as aforesaid so shall the Ann,ibuted. which shall be applied in each week for each separate and di

vftinft duty of excise by this act repealed, be to the total pip duce in the same week of the duties hereby granted; and the fid receiver-general is hereby authorised, directed, and required,

0

7 #4-5 Aapo vkefirao quarto Georgii III. c. 46.' &57

>1^, the respective foots that wiq arise, according to the pro actions io.be taken a aforesaid, into the receipt of his ma fty's exchequer, to be iifoed and applied to the several funds, C order to make good the several and respective charges, which inlaid repealed duties were directed b jrthe Several a of par ament for granting or continuing, the same, are directed to be storied and applied and die auditor of the receipt of his Ma Auditor of the ally's exchequer, and all other officers and persons concerned exchequer, a - the issuing or applying the said duties are hereby directed said sin ad required to keep the said proportional Turns distinct and apart from ah part from all other duties and revenues, and to distribute, iffoe, other duties, ad apply the same to the respective funds, and to satisfy the and to appjy; vend charges to which the duties hereby repealed were appli manner au thw able, together with all arrears of the said repealed duties in the repealed du lme manner as those duties have heretofore'been issued and ties, p plied.

trill. And whereas Arthur Forbes of Culloden, in county Treasury ini f inverness, esquire, is possessed of an exemption from the duties of powered to

ecift forth of or growing due within the lands of Feriotofh, in the /shurforbes iid county, under a certain lea ft, set, or farm thereof which was upon a com

llanutd by several aits and declarations of the parliament of Scotland pensation to tfare. the union; which exemption bath bun found highly detrimental he made him 7. the revenue of excise, and prejudicial to the distillery in other parts [fan'ftom 3t f Scotland, and it is therefore become necessary that the same Should duties of exr e extinguished and made void, upon a fwtable to be cife within node for the faent to the proprietor of the said lands; be it enacted, certain lands.

That the lords of of his majesty's treasury shall, pjbvhhsl nd they are hereby authorised and empowered to treat, cony > ras. and agree with the said Arthur Forbes upon the amount bnent^thstte f the compensation to be made in Jieu and discharge of the ex nude for fuels rapt ion fp claimed, and at present enjoyed by him; and that, campentation, f he salt lords of of the treasury, and the said Ar thall

bitr.forbes, his heirs or assigns, shall come to any agreement. commutoners oc any such compensation, the same shall be paid by the com of excite in nidtoners of, excite in Scotland for the time being, out of the re Scotland > 'eoues of excise under their collection and management, unto But in case tee he laid Arthur Forbes, his heirs or assigns, in such manner and Part "* 5 or pa as the said lords of shall, m and by any con tl^b*' rack or agreement, or any warrant or warrants under their exchequer in lands, order, and direct; and the said commissioners of excise Scotland, of re hereby required to make such payment accordingly; and on application hat if the said lords of shall not be able to agree ritlx the said Arthur Forbes, his heire or assigns, in respect to, j. may*amount of such compensation, then, and in that case, it din it to be hall, aitd may be lawful to and for the barons of the court of ^.riec? a xchequer in Scotland, upon any application to be made to the a^hc bar^of

aid court after the first day of January, one thousand seven hun their court, red and eighty-five, by motion on the behalf of his Majesty, he. the a iis heirs and focdessors, or by any motion or petition by or on mount f rehalf of the said Arthur Forbes, his heirs or assigns, to award ind diced! to be tried at the bar of rite said court, by a specitl to be made by

jury the crown in

6$9Anno vicesimo quartb georair III <2^46l.

[1784.

discharge of jury of the city and county osedinburghi to be impiqmued the aid ex sworn for that especial purpose, or to award any spectalcom cmptiont mission forth of the said court of exchequer for malting an inquest, by a jury of lawful men of the same city and ceunry to be impanoelled and sworn, the quantum or amount of thetiom* pensation or frtisfaaion which ought to be made and paid by the crown, in lieu and discharge of the said Jease, set, Mor exemption, regard being had to its circuaistances, duration, and and after pay extent, as proved before the said inquest; and that, from ad ment thereof, ascer the payment to the said Arthur Forbes his heirs or affiga^ there Forbe* ot l^c compensation to be paid as aforesaid, the fakf Arthur bit heir, See. Forbes or those claiming under him; and the heritors, pro shall pay such prietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said lands (halt, at duties of ex]!]! thereafter, pay such and the same duties of excise aor persons°ia c*ft, ng> anc hereafter to be imposed, as any other person or

Scotland, persons, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland are

and shall be liable to pay; and that all acts of parliament no in being, or hereafter to be made, for raising, levying, and Securing the duties of excise in other parts of Scotland and for punching frauds and abuses in relation thereto, shall from thenceforth be in full force, and effect with respect to the said Arthur Forbes, his heirs and assigns, or the heritors, proprietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said iahds of Ferintofh.

LIV. And whereas, by an act made in the nineteenth year of tbs Recital of 19 reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for granting to hi

Geo. 3. Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties

under the management of the respective commidinners of the customs and excise in Great Britain, an additional tmfoft or duff, after the rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce andammtt cf all the several subsidies, imposts, and other duties, under the celled ion and management of the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, upon any goods and merchandizes imported into or expect, from or tarried toaftwise* in Great Britain; and alfe* cm additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum upon the predate and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, imposithnss M charges (except as thetein after is excepted) then payable to his mt jessy, and which were charged and collected under the management it the vespective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, urn granted to his Majesty his heirs and successors; and w her/ns* by gather at, made in the twentieth year of his Majestfs reign ixtt 00 Geo. 3. C tuled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upos SS i malt, and upon low wines and spirirs made for home consumption,

and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain tod upon the produce of the said several duties; and for grmatkt? 1 duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading itr, vesd* ing, or selling of coffee, tea, or chocolate; further rsis mi duties were granted and imposed amongst other things) upon jpirir, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, over anaabovti> duties, charges, and impositions by any former act or efts fetor at po/cd thereon: and whereas, by another act made in the twenty ft t, at Geo. 3. C year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting u hs;, 7> Majrih,

784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. s$gr

Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several dates under the management of the respective commissioners of he excise in Great Britain, o further additional duty or charge of tzh pounds per centum was granted and imposed upon the produce ind amount of all the several inland duties, rates, mpositions, and forget payable to his Majesty, and comefted under the management f the iott\miff\oners of exti/e in England and Scotland: and where is by another act, made in the twenty second year of his Majestfn

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional and gco.3< duties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage c«66*

Enetit of the respective of of the customs and excise XI Great Britain, a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was imposed upon the produce and amount of all the ft uaral inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges (except as therein s excepted), payable to his Majesty, and collected under the manage ment of the respective commissioners of excise aforesaid: and whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional imposts, rates, and duties, by the said several recited acts imposed upon rum and other The addition cprrits imported from the sugar plantations of this kingdom in the ai dutirt, by" West Indies be it therefore further enacted, That the feve the recitedat ra] additional rates and duties, in and by the said recited at of 40 Gc<*the twentieth year of his majesty's reign, granted and imposed upon rum and spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the, t8 imported growth prodution, and manufacture of the British sugar islands into Great or (ugar plantations in the West Indies and also the said several and respective additional imposts, duties, or charges, after the esfefumr rate of five pounds pir centum, imposed or granted, in and by islands; and the aforesaid three several recited ats of the nineteenth, the the additional twenty sir ft, and the twenty second years of his majesty's reign, imposts of 5 upon rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture by rhe

aforesaid, imported into this kingdom and all penalties and recited acts of forfeitures, in respet to the said additional imposts, duties, or 19,1, and charges thereby imposed on the rum and spirits aforesaid respect{?« V upon tively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended for the term p irit^and^ll of two years, from the first day of September, one thousand seven ^nalvies in hundred and eighty>four 5 but such suspension shall not extend respet there*pr affect the arrears of any of the said additional imposts, of, shall be rates, or duties, now remaining due and unpaid, or to any pe f

nahies or forfeitures incurred in respect thereof, otherwise than fovsept! t, is herein after excepted. 178*.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all such rum and spirits imported into The duties ou Great Britain, being of the growth, prodution, and manufature rum? of the British sugar islands or sugar plantations in the West Indies, for as shall, on the said first day of September, one thousand seven as shall re hundred and eighry.four, remain under his majesty's lock, and main, on Sept, in the custody of the officers of excise, for the better security of ln

the inland duties which, before the passing of this act, would have been payable thereon, and upon which rum or spirits the to be remitted several duties of customs shall have been paid, according to the to theproprie rate and duties set and imposed thereon before the pawng of thereof.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C*[1784.

this act. tiieseveral inland duties under the flhmwgtart dttt

eummissioners of excue, which are by this act iu(pcarlcjyttal bo, and they are hereby remitted to the proprietors of fioch na or spirits respectively, and they are hereby d&buged (fan tk The number payment thereof) and that the said commissionersofexot of gallon to shall, as fctoh aa conveniently may be after the said first dis# tuecoommif to &pttmber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four^cmitv

fioner* of the to the said commissioners of the customs the number of gill cuioai) of such rum or spirits which, on the said first day

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, So remained its the custody of the officers of excise, and by whom the fimtn who are tera import distinguishing the quantity imported by each pert; pay to the im whereupon, and upon the application of such importer & so said of of the customs shall cause to be repaid n much of the fuc|j importer respectively, so much of the said duties of nil hereby'fuf16 toms ty them respectively paid thereupon, as are by thit id pended. suspended.

CAP. XLVII.

[Preamble.]

from 06h i9 17x4, if any vtlttl shall be found at anchor, or hovering on the coarts, (unless*dirtrefa of weather),

An act for the wort effectual prevention of smugging km

kingdom

WHEREAS the laws heretofore Wade, and now in font, II prevent the clandefiinf importation and running iffrehiiui goods, end goods liable to the payment of duties, into this have not been sufficient to answer the good purpefes thereb % imk, that pernicious practice having of late beenjreat ly inertaftd aim ried on by large armed vessels at sea, and by numerous ganguf faq glers upon land, with great violence in defiance of those bm % Jtw great iofs and prejudice of the publici revenue, the detriment tf te fair trader and the endangering the lives of the officers of the rcmi afling in the due execution of their duty, and it isingkgmtfai and expedient that same further provision Should be made mm tjfi tually to prevent thofa aeftruftive and growing ev'us % for amj whereof may t therefore please your Majesty that it my hi enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent o jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Jspirittui and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from.aiklaftei the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred nodeighty4 four, if any ship or vessel (toll be found at anchor or homisj within the limits of any of the ports of thiskingdimn, orwkm four leagues of the coast thereof or shall be discoveced tt hi been within the said limits or distance (and not proww her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in atftofw avoidable necessity and distress of weather of whisk necturj and distress the master, or other person having or taking iw charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give now and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of customs of any port within the limits of which such ship' fel shall be found immediately after the arrival of such ftp?

»ctit*

ianno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. t 1

vtflh within the limits of such port), having on board any having on brindy, or other spirituous liquors, in any Vessel or cask which hoard any so shall hot contain sixty gallons at the least, (r*cept only for the fc, 8n ule of the Teamen then belonging to and on board such ship bf ft^not^on vessel, not exceeding two gallohs sot each Teaman), or having tain 60 gal on board any wine in calks (provided such ship or vessel having ions, or any Wrtne on board shall not exceed sixty tonnes burden), or having £, nc n caflw»

: On board six pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of uc' coffee, or having on board any goods whatsoever, liable to sot such yefle!, Jciture, by any act of parliament, upon being imported into cargo. Great Britain, then not only all such goods, but also the ship for

or vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former act shall extend, or In any suit be construed to extend, to prevent evidence from being receive forfeiture, ed, in any suit or information brought for the forfeiture of any be received vessel, for or on account of any goods contained therein, in (how, from order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity of the said the small goods, and other circumstances of the case, that the said goods quan^ C were on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and [hauheywere privity either of the owner, or of the matter, or other person on board having the charge or command thereof, and without any witful without the neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty privity of the of such owner, matter, or other person having the charge or ^ftc/rt0r command of such vessel; and in ctcr^ such case, where proof And on of shall be made, from the smallness of the quantity of the said thereof, such goods, and other circumstances, that such small quantity was vessel shall not on board without the knowledge, privity, or consent, either of J forfeited, the owner, or the matter, or other person having the charge or tonj command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of burden, reasonable care, either in the owner, or in the matter or other person having the command of such ship or vessel, then, and intery such case, such ship or vessel (in case the same shall exceed one hundred tonnes in burden) shall not be forfeited for 4

or on account of such small quantity of goods.

JH. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any such goods, which shall be so found Such goods on board any ship or vessel within the limits or distance afore found on said, whether with or without the privity or knowledge of the C

matter thereof, shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in

whose charge or possession the said goods shall be found, shall forfeit treble the value thereof, to be recovered as herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vessels belonging in the whole, or in part, to Certain vef any of his majesty's subjects, called Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, felt herein or fphdrries, (of what built soever), and all vessels belonging described, to, 1$ aforesaid, of any other description, whose bottoms are clench b.c. forfcltc*orkv unless they shall be square Tigged, or fitted as Hoops,

'Vol. XXXIV Y y with any vessel from having on board necessary arms.

66a Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 47. [1784.

with ftaoding boltfprits; and all vessel belonging a afotefed, the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of \ three feet and an half to one foot in breadth*and ah ships or

vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for resistance, (otheraile than is herein after excepted), which shall, after the said M day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be found within the limits or distance herein beforedescribed, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which shall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle and furniture. Not to prevent V Provided always, That nothing herein contained Stall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any fbiporve&l from having on board two carriage guns, of the calibre norex. ceeding four pounds, and small arms, not exceeding two mute for every ten men.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

Not to extend aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be to yeflcu construed to extend, to forfeit any ship or vessel which shall, cn

"rrive f" ay or orc December, ODC thousand seven hundred

Russia before an eighty fous, arrive in Great Britain, from any of the do jdcc. j, 1784. minions of the empress of Russia, for or on account of thcfhuik

of such ship or vefle 1, or for having on board arms or amniu nition.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Other vessels the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at shall extend,

or conruec^ to extend, to any ship or vessel on a voyage from nnf any part of America, or the East or West Indies or Afrka, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the same to forfeiture, fororoa account of her built, or for having spirits, tea, or coffee oa board, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to my ship or vessel in the service of his majesty's navy, viflualiing, ordnance, customs, excise, or port office, for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to any vessel whatsoever, the owner of which shall have a licence, as herein after described and directed for navigating the lame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the coramifikm* ers of the admiralty for the time being, or any person authored by them to grant the same, for or on account of her built, of for having on board such arms or ammunition as (he shall or may be licensed to have, herein after mentioned; norto»y lighters or barges, used solely in rivers or inland navigations; nor to any ships or vessels which shall have on board any arms or ammunition which have been regularly entered anddeard at any customhouse in any of his majesty's dominions, as merchandise, or for the use of his majesty's stores or gamfons, and are regularly (lowed in the hold of such vessels, or are pmoa board for the necessary use and defence of such vessels, by licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or die of of the admiralty for the time being, for or oq account of such arms and ammunition; anything herein beforecoa* tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further tnidd,

Thit

aft shall not extend.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47* 663

that410 see, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received No see to be for any licence granted in pursuance or under the authority of taken for LI this act, or for registering the same. cencei.

IX. Provided always, and tit is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner of every ship or vessel Owners of h which shall be licensed as herein before mentioned, (nail, before censed vessel iich ship or vessel proceeds to sea, or (acts out of any port, har ces to our, or creek in this kingdom, bring luck licence, or cause the proper he lame to be brought, to the collector, comptroller, or other officer at the roper officer of the customs for the port, harbour, or creek, portofexpor* rom which such ship or vessel is about to (ail; which said col lallon*

: stor, comptroller, or other proper officer, is hereby required '

uly to register the same, and shall also produce the same to the ollector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, f any and every port, harbour, or creek, at which he shall rrive.

X. And be it further enacted, That each, and every licence Particular to tall specify the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and describe whe* he specified io ler she is a cutter, lugger, shallop, or wherry, or what sort of the "cence* uiltfheis, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof,

id for what port, harbour, or creek, die is about to sail, and hat quantity and number, and what sort of arms and animation (he is licensed to take and have on board; and the owner Owneritogive id owners of such ship or vessel shall also. give sufficient fecu ^curlty. ty, by hond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in double r the ship e value of such ship or vessel, to be approved of by and to the shall not be tisfaction of such collector, comptroller, or other proper offi employed in r of the customs; with condition that the said ship or vessel c.hc porta all not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea jj^ofteai*foreign spirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, or foreign ntrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any other spirit, or any t, or in the exportation of any goods which are or may be ohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the reland s00* r of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are enter outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or ich are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great itain9 on failure whereof, such licence shall be void and of force or effect; and such ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure prosecution, in the same manner as if no such licence had n granted.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore i, That, from and after the said first day of Oflobey, one From U ufand seven hundred and, eighty-four, if any person or per & upon the Qiore, or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall ^aliciouflf liciously (hoot at or upon any ship, vessel, or boat, belong (hoot at any to His majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or ship belong, ife, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Great J tainy or within four leagues from any part of the coast there* if any person or persons, being on rtiore, or on board or (hoot ar, ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or ^r0d^cranyfly i£erou(jy wound any officer or officers, of his majesty's navy, officer of the

664 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

navy.cullomt, or of the customs or exercise, whether attetnpwnpg to' go on orttafe, whert board, or being On board, or returning from 00 board any execution of ip, vessel, or boat, or otherwise acting in the doe exeentior bit duty, of his or their doty on shore, or within the tonka of aoj port, harbour, or creek of Great Britain, or within faarkagac of any part of the eoaft thereof or shalt mabcioufty fooootat, maim, or danger oufty wound, any personerr persont aiding tot assisting such officer or officers in the execution of hisbr dm h ffialt fuftr duty as aforesaid; every person so offending, aniattand felon.*every person being aiding, abetting, or affifttng therein, stall, being thereof lawntlly convicted, be adjndged guilty of fekojr, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy. V XII And, for the more and bringing tit

fenders against this ali to, be it enacted by the authorir

If any person aforesaid, That if any person or person r shall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, made felont bj faicemadefe ra before any one or more of his majesty's justicet ofdw lony by this peace, or before one of his majesty's justices of the conn of aft, before a king's bench, if the offence be committed in England or

for. or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or withio four court of king's, of thereof; or before any one oftht lords

bench, if in w justiciary, or the judge of the high court of ad minify, or England, or any judge ordinary, or judge admiral, deputy, or fabfhtme, in bk 1 j>ne?f Scoflandy if the offence be committed within stotla/tdj orwithio juridary.&c. the any port of that patt of Great Britain ctlw Satis

in Scotland' W, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, by inform by information of one or more credible person or persons, upon oath, to h°n of one him^them to be subscribed; justice of the peace, or juf* son upon oath, iee of the king's bench, or any lord ofjusticiary, or judgtot Such Justice of the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, or judge td judge shall cer mini, deputy, or substitute respectively, before whom folia tifyandreturn formation shall be made as aforesaid, shall forthwith catfr, tien to one of un<*cr hand and seat, and return such information to ok the secretaries the principal secretaries of state of his Majesty, hit hen of date: to be dr successors; is hereby required to'lay the same, as fan laid before Ufa as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his heirs or fa coundt, n n his or their privy council; whereupon it tali' and

who may or may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or foceeflbrt, to mb <ler the offend his or their order in his or their bid privy council, thereby stertosurrender quiring and commanding such offender or offender! to fail? e'lof1 render him or themftlyes, within the foace of forty darysafos tss orlortof^fist publication thereof in the London Gazette, to the fa j officiary, C chief justice, or any other of his majesty's justices of ftecodt of king's bench, or to any one of his majesty's justicet of d peace, if the offence be committed within England or t within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within ft leagues of the coast thereof; or to any of the lords of jd(bcia| or judge of the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, judge admiral, deputy, or substitote, in 'be committed within, or within the limits cf a

port of that part of Great Britain ifawilbfafa

- leagues of the coast thereof; who is hereby required, opo

1

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47:

och offender or offenders Amending him or themselves, to tottimu him or them, without bail or mail)prize, to the county nut iu* 'aol, or to the gaol or prison of the place where he or they, ball fb furreader, to the ctid that he or they may be forth omirtg to answer the offence or offeneef, wherewith bey shall stand charged, according to due oourse of law j which 9,

*dtr the clerks of his majesty's privy couofel shall cayfe to i^ed in ft,e forthwith printed and pubwhed in two successive $ and woxattts, and to be forthwith transmitted to the sheriff of tjbe tr*lpitt*oumy where the offence shall be committed, if the same shall 'J1*"ene

committed in any county; and if the offence shall not

ie committed within any county, but within the limits of any

rort as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coast of any part

if Great Britain, to be transmitted to the sheriff of any county

tear to the place where stich offence shall be committed j which ch^tlklame

espective sheriff shall, whhin fourteen days after the receipt to northeast, r

hereof, cause the same to be proclaimed, within the hours towns.

sten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the

narker places, upon the respective market days of two market

owns in the same county in which, or near to the place -

there, such offence shall have been committed j and a true

Dpy of such order shall be affixed upon some public place in.

uch market towns: and in case such offender or offenders shall pffe"d*r*. not

tot surrender himself or themselves, pursuant to such order of {hetnfel'eil^o

tit Majesty, his heirs or successors, to be made in council safer death

is aforesaid, he or they, fi neglodting or refuting to surrender as felom, C

limfclf or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such fur

ender, shall, from the day appointed for his or their surrender

a afowrsaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted

nd attainted of felony, and shall suffer pains of death aa in

afea of a person convicted and attainted by verdict and judge

rant of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be

barged to have beat committed within England or Walts, or

within the limits of any of the porta thereof, or within four

eagoes of the coast thereof; and shall be adjudged, deemed,

nd taken to be convicted of a capital crime, and shall suffer

he pains of death, and confiscation of movables, as in case

if a person found guilty of a capital crime, and under sentence

or thefaahe, if the offence be charged to have been committed

within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coast thereof j and thatut shall

ic lawful to and for the court of king's bench, or the justices

if oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or great fefliona c0tion Sgunft

or the' county or place where such person shall be, to award such offenders

xecution against such offender or offenders, in such maimer in like manner

s if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said J convict

ourt of king's bench, or before such justices of oyer and ein the famj

erminer, or general gaol delivery, or great sessions respectively, court, Set,

f the offence be charged to have been committed within Eng

and or Walts, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coast thereof j and that it shall

alter.

shall, on conviction, be guilty of felony, and be t ran (ported for seven yean,

666 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

[17*4.

be lawful for the court of justiciary, or the lords of judiciary in their circuits, or the judge of the high court of admiralty, to award execution against such offender and offenders, ia such manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the said court of justiciary, or in the circuit court respectively, if the offence shall be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof.

Any person

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That barbouring a]j ancj every person and persons, who shall, after the timeap atter Uic use pointed as aforesaid for the surrender of any person or persons, appointed for so charged upon oath with any of the offences aforesaid, shall their furren be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour der. andocing such person or persons, knowing him or them to have been wkhtn^year charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves by such order or orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such order or orders, belrig prosecuted for the same within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be transported as a felon or felons for the space of seven years, in the same manner as felons are or shall be appointed to be transported by virtue of any act or acts already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the transportation of felons $ and if any such offender or offenders shall be found at large within Great Britain before the expiration of the said term, without lawful cause, he, she or they, shall suffer death as felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as person's attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy. Not to prevent

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That j»nyjmlge, jjuf nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or ppreheoding hipder any judge. justice of the peace, magistrate, officer, or tuch offenders minister of justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending, and bytheordina securing, such offender or offenders, against whom such information shall be given, and for requiring whose furremfcr such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary course of law; and in case such offender or offenders, against whom such information and for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured, in order to be brought to justice, before the tine shall be expired within which be or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves by such order in council as aforesaid 5 that then, and in such case, no further proceeding shall be had upon such order made in council against him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he or they shall be brought to trial by due course of law; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand few hundred and eighty-four, if any officer or officers of his majes ty's navy, or in the service of the custow or excise, being

ea

ry courts of law.

Persons ob strutting officers oi the

x784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 667

on (bore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning f»avy» &c' In from on board, any ship, boat, or vessel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coasts thereof, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty by any person or persons whatsodyer, either in the daytime or night; all. and every person or persons so hindering, opposing, roaybecarried ©bftrudiing, or assaulting, the said officer or officers in the due J? a execution of his or their duty, and all such as shall act in his9r their aid or assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed; and such justice or justices shall, if he or they see cause whomayeom commit such person or persons to the next county gaol, "dttheni. there to remain until the next court of oyer and terminer,

f; reat session, or gaol delivery, or until such person shall be de ivered by due course of law; and in case an indictment shall be found against him or them, he or they shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the same, as is usual in cases of misdemeanors; and being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Penalty on order of the said court before whom such offender shall be conviction, convicted, be sentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable, river in that part of Great Britain called England for any term not exceeding three years, according to the directions of an act passed in the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend9 gco the laws relating to the transportation) imprisonment, and other C 74 punishment, of certain offenders) and as is by the said act directed for the punishment of persons convicted of grand larceny 5 or such court may order such offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any term not exceeding three years.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case persons charg any person shall be brought before any justice of the peace, d with ob being charged with having hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, contra o^ncetaluc ry to this act, and it shall appear thtit the offence with which within the such person is charged falls within the provisions of an act provisions of passed in the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, entitled,

An act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious practises committed of smuggling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying persons who until the next have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and quarter fef excise) upon the terms therein mentioned; it shall and may be "BS' c lawful for such justice, if he thinks fit, instead of proceeding against such offender, according to the provisions of this act to commit such offender to the county gaol until the next quarter sessions of the peace; and in that case every such offender shall be tried and punished as by the said last recited act is directed, and not otherwise.

XVII And) for the speedy and impartial trial of any offence which by this act is inland to be a felony or misdemeanour) be it

Y y 4 enacted.

663 Aoooo viccfiny) quart Grough UL c. 47.

[17s4.1i

Offence corn That every such offence, to case tke same soil

Und anding"otnmiued within England, fva}es* or the town of /

Wales where Tweed, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof be tried. within four leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, hall

may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined, before any court or courts of oyer and terminer, great faffioo, orgsoi delivery, in any county within that part of Great Britdktnm Englandr, or the dominion of jvatei, in such manner as if tfe fa had hcen actually committed within such county; any law, qsage, or custoro, to the contrary in any wise ratwito (landing.

pirefkon* re

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any offence, vfckk

Ucivt to of by this ais declared to be a felony or m&fcmeamt, ftutt ted^scot ^appen to* committed in that part of Great Britain atted land.* Scotland, or within the limits of any port thereof, or vritbin four leagues of the coasts of the same, information of feebof fence may be given to any justice of peace, judge ordinary, or judge admiral, depute or substitute, redding nearest the plats where such offence may have been committed; who ifht shall see cause, may and shall grant a warrant for comtnkftag the person or persons complained of to the common pal of the county, city, borough, or place, there to lie until be is liberated in due course of law; and such person or persons shall and may be tried before the court of justictary or circs pourts, or before the judge of the high court of admiraky at Edinburgh; or in case the offence be only such at is putudi able by hard labour or imprisonment, the same may be tried before the judge ordinary of the county or place w lucre the warrant was granted. f

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bcfscvju^ were any oerson or persons shall, by virtue of this pee

tics for 2 mtf font abe ariefted and taken before any one of his Majesty's demeanour, 'net justices of the peace, for any offence against this denned to he admitted a misdemeanor, such person or persons shall in ho case bead iphaii, with to bail, unless he shall first enter flito a recognisance,

with two fuffrcient sureties, to his Majesty his heirs and foe cessors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said fore ties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that fock person or persons shall appear at the then net ensuing court of oyer and terminer; general gkol delivery, or great feffiww, to be holder) for such county for which the justice before whore he shall be brought shall act, and answer and plead loan? indictment which may be found at or before such court for. such misdemeanour; and such recognisance shall forthwith be Uransmitted to the clerk of or other proper officer of the

court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, for such county as aforesaid.

Ko personae

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any sech apa kmemdrui' demeanour is committed in Scotland, or within the limits of my Scotland, to Port thereof, of within four leagues of the coasts of the same, bt admitted the person or perfoax accused thereof, and taken before tnf J o ', justice

omt entering inio a recoj. nizince fr r >tirapp< f. aiice, C 1

" ogle.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 669

uftiae of the peace, or other Judge competent In Scotland, to bail, ualefa halt not vbe. admitted to bail, unlei's he enter into a recog heen "F "*°* lizarux, with two sufficient ftfreties, to his Majesty, his heirs Od. fuccdsors, in the Aim of two hundred pound, and the aid.ibaties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that ltfhalhiand trial, in the way tod manner directed by this id, and according to the forms practised in that part of the irngdom.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers and n all cases where any officer or Teamen, employed in the fer.

of the customs and excise, shall be kilied, maimed, or ttkc of wounded, in (he due execution of his office as aforesaid, it the customsshall and may be lawful for the of of his majesty's and to: ustoms and excise respectively, to make such provision for he officers and Teamen so maimed and wounded, or for the sc widows and families of such as shall be kilied, as they shall be authorised and empowered to do, by warrant froth the lord ligh treasurer, or of of his majesty's treasury for he time being.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Commission

e lawful for the of of his majesty's customs, in of customs England and Scotland respectively, to reward every such officer ^1

r officers of his majesty's navy, customs, or excise or peace offenders

ifticer, who shall arrest or take any offender or offenders against against this his aft, with such sum or Turns of money, as to the said com*" respectively shall appear sitting and reasonable, out

if his majesty's share of the produce, a riling by the Tale of any roods which have been, or may be seized and condemned.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority if suspected aforesaid, That in case any ship or vessel, liable to seizure or vefltls shall examination by this or any other act of parliament in force, it br*8 "1 shall not bring to, on being required so to do, or being chased wmv cutter ay any cutter or other vessel in the service of his majesty's mtbefemce navy, having the proper pendant and ensign of his majesty's of the navy, ships hoisted, or in the service of his majesty's revenue of the hav tt, e customs or excise, such cutter or other revenue vessel having a ^an^hmfted pendant and ensign hoisted with such marks thereon as are C rfmw* now used and worn by vessels in the service of the revenues of mander may customs and excise in a blue field; it shall and may be lawful m into*or the captain or master, or other person having the charge or them command of such cotter or other vessel. In the service of his

majesty's navy, customs, or excise, to (hoot at or into such

hip or vessel which shall not bring to, after such colours (half

dc fd hoisted as aforesaid, and a gun shall have been fired by

such cutter or vessel as a signal; and such captain or other

officer, and every person acting in his aid and assistance, or by

Iris direction, shall be, and is hereby indemnified and discharged a(mj; f be

rom any penalties or actions for damages for so doing: and prosecuted ui

n case any person or persons shall be wounded, maimed, or conf<que»ce

tilied, by orb means of such firing, and the said officer or

rffieers* or other person arming in Ms or their aid or assistance, shall be ador

miucdtobail.

G7G

I.

vesselt not in the service of the nary, or customs or excise, not to fcoift such pendant, on penalty of 5001.

From 0 & 17S4.the nalriet and re ftri&ion in an 8 Geo. 1. and in 19 Geo. j C 89, re fating to certain boats, Arc. extended to other boats, 4c.

Matters of reillls arriving at any port. Sec. in this kingdom, or going outwards in ballad, shall make a true report of their vessels, and anfnrer questkms relative to the voyage. Sec. put to them by the proper officer) on penalty of 1001,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47*.

[1784.

or by his or their direction, shall be fyed> molested, orproic* cuted, or shall be brought before any of his majesty's juilkes of the peace, or other justices or persons having competent authority, for or on account of such wounding, maiming, oi killing, as aforesaid; and every such justice or justices, pc son or persons, is and are hereby authorised and unpowerd, enjoined and required, to admit every such officer and officer?, person and persons, so brought before him or them as afore&k, to bail; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary nottitii* (landing.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any brit(/b ship or vessel, not being in th; service of his majesty's navy, or his majesty's revenue of tbs customs or excise, shall carry or hoist any such pendant or ensign as is herein before mentioned, the matter or person having the charge or command of every such ship or vessel shall forfeii the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several clauses, penalties, forfeitures, and restrictions in an made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King gy the First, and in another act made in the nineteenth, year oi his present majesty's reign, for the more effectual preventing ih pernicious practises of smuggling so far as they relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, or other vessels, rowing or built to row with more than four or six oars respectively, shall extend to all boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, ad other vessels, which shall exceed twenty-eight feet in length, from the forepart of the stem to the afteriide of the ftempoit aloft, and the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; fob jedl nevertheless to the several provisoes and exceptions in the said recited acts particularly mentioned, and not altered by this act.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of one thousand seven hundred, and eighty-four, the matter of every ship or vessel, arriving at any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, in ballast, shall, if called upon by the collector or comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, make a just and true report of such ship or vessel, both inwards and outwards, and answer upon oath to such questions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel, as shall be put to him by the collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, at the port harbour, or creek, where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall depart, tinder the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every neglect, omiffioo, or refusal so to do 5 which oath the said collector, or other proper Officer of the customs, is and are hereby authorised and required

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 6yi

lircd to administer: provided always, that no matter, or other jrfon having the charge or command of any ship or vessel in tllaft matting report as above required, shall, in respect there, be liable to the payment of any fees, other than such as ch ship or vessel was subject to p^y, previous to the patting this adh

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Wine import oresaid, That, from and after the said first day of October,<j|in any vef le thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any sort off*actons" ine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into b^then, shall y port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship, vessel, be forfeited,#

boat, which shall not exceed the burden of sixty tonne, every also the vdfel'

ich ship, vessel, or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, ana

parel, and also all such wine as shall be imported or brought

herein, together with the calks and package containing the

ime, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prose -

by any officer or officers of the customs, and condemned

nd disposed of as herein after is directed.

XXVIII. And whereas the masters of/hips and vessels trading rom several foreign parts in Europe to this kingdom, do frequently. ring great quantities of prohibited and other goods, which ore liable 7 high duties, for the purpose of smuggling such goods in this king om, and if they are prevented, by the vigilance of the officers of the evenue, from landing such goods before they arrive at the port or lace of their discharge, such masters do then report the bales and ackages of such goods, contents unknown, to be exported again nd carried hack in the same ship or vessel^ to gain an opportunity of unning the same on Jlore in this kingdom, or unjh'tpping them into mts and other vessels for that purpose, in their passage outwards, to he great prejudice of the public revenue and the fair merchants: m.d. whereas goods are often found on board such ships or vessels, of which the majur hath not made any report; for remedy whereof, t is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Goods reportfrom and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven CD contents lundred and eighty-four, where the matter of any ship or vef nay (^0^. el shall report any bales, or other packages of any goods, con ed/&c4 ents unknown, for exportation in the same ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his majesty's customs o open such bales and packages on board such ship or vessel 0 reported, and examine 'the contents thereof, or to bring hem on shore to his majesty's warehouse at the customhouse 'or the port where such report is made, if it shall be necessary, and such officer shall be, and is hereby indemnified, and shall not be liable to any action for so doing; and in case it shall an<l?f appear on such examination, that such bales or packages, the g, acon contents of which shall have been reported unknown as afore tained therein, said, shall contain any goods which are prohibited to be im they shall be ported, or are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this forfeited, See. kingdom by any law then in force, all such goods, and the package thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be so prohibited, such goods shall be chargeable with

&ji Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 5.47.

the duties.due thereon, and shall not be permitted to bt exported or delivered for that purpose before the legal duticrir* regularly paid for the same, without the particular km id direction of the commissioners of his majesty's cbftomi^dr am three or more of them, in Btfgland or Scotland respectivety} ad all goods found on board any ship or vessel, of which art port hath been made by the matter as aforesaid, shall be fadeih CD any law, custom, or usage to the contrary nocwitbftroding.

XXIX. And whereas by an act made in the twentyjfir ft ynnf bh Alajtfly's reign and aether subsequent acts of pdfliemmt mil feru* the (ffiiers of exiife are empower od to seize tea end jpt* removing without permits and the vessels boats horses, anittu tattle or carriages used in the removing thereof tommy 0 A fmi acts s and it is expedient that his Majesty's officers oftbeaftm Jbemld have the like power; be it therefore further em&ed bj Ofljcertofcuf the authority aforesaid, That any officer or officers of his M toom to bare jptty's customs shall have the like power to seize and profaste the like power any tea or spitituous liquors, removed or found removing cos awltkk^re 10 directions the sod recited act or to any othci moving with t noa in force, and though vefms* boats, horses, and other ca out permits, at tic and carriages employed in removing the same, as h gutted the officers of by the said recked at, or any other at or adit in foroe, to any officer or officers of eacifc; anything therein contain to the contrary not wirhftan ding. .' 7 14

xxa. And whereas all horses, boats cattle or carfiagn*nak use of in the removing, carriage or conveyance of other ghd^.tm trary to the provisions and directions of arum other offs of petit mm for preventing frauds in the revenue of customs hr mb up respectively made and provided are also liable to fbrfestm\.m porfes and carriages are sometimes of mail value, and the exftm of keeping and maintaining such herpes from the time bp fetxmtd they can be condemned by the common coarfr of proceeding a dm more than they are worth by which the officers an and my kip outraged from mbking fteeb feiznres* to the prejudice of the ftiii revenue i for remedy whereof, be it further eita&ed bvtkm thority aforesaid, That alt seizures of horses, can am wagons, boats, and carriages whatsoever, for being dead in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of any goods,

Seizures of Wka, boats,

Jfcc* for re

tomable* any other cause of forfeiture, contrary to this or any other a goods, cof parliament relating to or for preventing frauds in therm shall be deter nue of the customs, shall and may be examined into, proceed bmed bytwo t(j upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by and bdoreany |atices. WO of his majesty's justicei of the peace refidihgaearthepke where stich seizure shall be made, iir such manner, and by fadi and the like rules, as (he seizure of any horses, cattle wot riages, liable to forfeiture for being used in remeving, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may hemeis CD into, and proceeded upon, beard, adjudged, and determioed by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any a of parliament in force j and stich judgement which (had tegiren in pursuance of this act, are hereby declared to be taken mi '*f*a<h"j

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

judged good, valid, and effectuil in the law, and final to all itents and purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any appeal, r any unfit or writs of certiorari j any law, (btture, or usage to he contraty notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Part of ad ac foresaid, That so much of an act of parliament, made in the 6*°* a verity first year of the reign of his present majesty King George ie third, or any other ad now in Force, which enads, That 11 tea, which Stall be seized and arrested by any officer of the ustoms for any eatife of forfeiture, in any part of England ominion of Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed or tritbin that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent nd deposited in some warehouse or warehouses, to be appoint d for that purpose by the respective of of the tuf oms in England or Scotland, within the city of London or ein ntrgb respectively, in order to be there publicly fold^/hats be, ind the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be awful for the said respective of to cause all fuels tea, so seized and condemned according to law, to be sold pub iickty to the bed bidder, at such places as they shall think pro'in the same manner a they might hare done, if the said recited act, or any other ad requiring such tea to be sent to London or Edinburgh for that purpose, had not been made $ anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day Of October one Officers mafc thousand seven hundred and eighty four, if any officer of his f30*"

majesty's navy, customs, or excite, shall make any collusive seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any agreement to de not e liver up, or not to seize any ship or vessel, or any goods liablfc any ship or to forfeiture by this or any other act of parliament, or shall di good, or redly or indirectly take or receive any bribe,gratuity, recoup pence, or reward, for the neglect or nonperformance of his D duty, every such officer therein offending shall, for each and shall forfeit every offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and $00, ' ad* incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or em locapaattted* pioyment, civil or military; and if any person or persons what and every per soever shall give, offer, or promise to give, any bribe, recom so giving or pence, or reward to, or make any collusive agreement with, any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, to do, conceal, or* j connive at, any ad whereby any of the provisions made by this or any other act of parliament relative to his majesty's customs or excise, may be evaded" or broken, every such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, (whether the same offer, proposal, promise, or agreement, be accepted or performed or not), forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds. Vessel and

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority by thl adw aforesaid, That the ships, vessels, boat, and goods, forfeited or by f9 Geow by this act, or by the before mentioned act, made in the % cap 69. nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall and may may be iei&ed be seized by any officer or officers of the cufidms or excise;

and £xciftr# mi

3 Geo. 3. C u.

Condemned vessels, if fit for his majesty't service, may be sold to the officers appointed by the admiral

y

ji

Recital of 13

eo. 3. C 70.

N All the regu* Jation* in the recited act touching C

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

[17^.

and the same, and the several forfeitures and penalties heccia before inflicted, shall be, one moiety to his Majesty, his hen and successors, and the other moiety Jo any officer or ofictn of the customs or excise who shall sue and prosecute for the same; and shall and may he sued for, prosecuted, condemned, recovered, and applied, (except otherwise directed by this act), in the manner directed by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the father improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for tin cs couragcment of officers, making seizures; for the preventers: j the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dfe nions) \ and all such ships, vessels, and boats, shall, upon cra demnation, be broken up or destroyed, or used and dispoiedot in the same manner, and shall be subject to the same rules and restrictions, in all respects not altered by this act, as ships & vessels of the burden of one hundred tonnes, or any leffirr burden, are subject and, liable to by law.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, in case any ship or vefkl, liable to be broken up or destroyed, shall be ixcceflary and lit for the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may be lawful for the of of customs or excise respectively, if they think proper to cause such ship or vessel, inrtead of being broken up or deftrbyed, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the of of the admiralty, or of of the navy, (or that purpose, and to direct one moiety of the produce of such sale, after the charges of condemnation and other charges arc deducted, to be paid into the exchequer, to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the officer who sued and.prosecut ed for the same.

XXXV. And whereas, by an act made and passed in the maty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituleds, An act for the morfc effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a flop tq the private distillation of bn tish made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectifya mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions againstofi cers of excise acting in pursuance of the authority given byes cife Statutes)) regulations are made for the more effefind inventing vexatious suits against the officers of excise, and their tf fjlantsy acting under the authorities and powers to them given h the several Statutes made for securing the duties of excise and island duties; which regulations ought to be extended to officers tj the customs, and their assistantsy acting under the authorities XI powers to them given by the several Statutes made for feiurini the duties of the customs; be it enacted, That all and every clause, matter, and regulation, in the said act contained, touching and concerning any action to be brought against

ary

784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

ly officer or officer of the excise, or against any person tionttobe persons ailing by his or their order and in his or their brought d, for anything done in the execution of, or by rca against excise n of his or their office, or any proceeding thereupon, mall be (tended to all actions to be brought against any officer or Offi extended to rs of the custpms, or against any person or persons aaing by officers of though s or their order, and in his or their aid, for anything done cudoras, C the execution of or by reason of their office, and to all pro edings in every such action, in as full and ample manner as the officers of the customs had been named and included in le said act.

XXXVI. And whereas, upon seizures made by officers of the floms and ex rise, which are returned into the court of exchequer,

Qtcndlefi and vexatious claims are frequently entered in fiftttious

imes by persons who have not any property in the goods, whereby

)e public revenue and the officers making such seizures are put to

reat expense in the prosecution and condemnation thereof \ for remedy

hereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, prom f,

om and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hun 17*4, no claim

red and eighty-four, no claim shall be permitted to be entered to bqeotered

any ship, vessel, or goods, seized for any cause of forfeiture

nd returned into his majesty's courts of exchequer in England CD and re

Scotland respectively, unless fudi claim is entered in the turned into rue and real name or names of the owner or owners, or pro the exebe irietor or proprietors of the ship, vessel, or goods so claimed, eferibing the place of the refldence, and the business or pro names of the tfiion of such person or persons; and if such person or persons owners or hall reside at London or Edinburgh, or within the liberties proprietors hereof, oath shall be made before one of the barons of the said ourts of exchequer respectively, that the ship, vessel, or goods ^ade by the 0 claimed, was really and truly the property of him, her, or owners before hem, at the time of such seizure; but if such person or persons a barrrni of the hall not be resident in London or Edinburgh, or the liberties exchequer, hereof, then, and in such case, oath shall be made, in like or by the^nanner, by the agent or attorney, or solicitor by whom such ar t0o': laim shall be entered, that he has full and legal authority and the property iirections from such owner or proprietor to enter such claim, thereof, ind that, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, such ship,

/eflel, or goods were, at the time of the seizure thereof, bona Hde, and truly, the real property of the person or persons in 1

whose name or names such claim is entered $ which oath shall be respectively endorsed and certified on the back of the indenture of appraisement upon which such claim shall be entered; and on failure thereof, the ship, vessel, or goods, shall be absolutely condemned, and judgement shall be entered thereon by default, according to the usual method of proceedings of the court, in the same manner as if no claim had been entered thereto; and every person or persons who shall be convicted of penalty cm making or taking a false oath to any of the facts herein before taking a falft dirdted or required to be sworn, shall be deemed guilty of per oalh* C jury

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 47.

[17(4.

jury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjure.

XXXVII. And whereas by an ail, made in tie tbb^yearefk Recital of Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the further improvemw Geo. $. C u, of his majest/s revenue of ctrstoms; end for the eucoun^ meat of officers making seizures; and for the proremkn of & clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dt minions) it is, amongst other things, enabled, That every perk upon entry of any claim in the court where any fazure jbeuktp fecuted, ball be obliged to give security in the penalty offixttpmh to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim: and wherm tk penalty of sixty pounds, in many cases, is net sufficient to axfwtnb aofts occasioned by such claim, and the persons who enter into nop ranees as the securitiet for fitch cojls, are very often hired firth purpose, and are not of Juylance or ability to answer and eefts for which they are security, and frequently abfeoni and enu to be found, so that no part of the cofis can be recovered from thm to the diminution of the publici revenue, and to the great left etu if couragement of officers making such seizures; for remedy whereat Prom Oct. if it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from tot 1714, every after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred ta eighty-four, upon the entry of any claim to any ship, boat, 01 goodvfeiaed other vessel, or to any goods seized, for any cause of forfeitorr gf resident in the person or persons who shall enter the claim as theowoer< Great Britain, or proprietors thereof (in case such claimant shall reside in tfo itadl be bound) kingdom of Great Britain,) shall be bound, with two od*f ties, iita pc" sufficient securities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, w nalty of tool answer and pay the cods occasioned by such claim; and if kh to pay costs; owner or proprietor shall not reside in Great Britain, then, i but, if not rein such case, the attorney or solicitor, by whose dirctsfoms faefa ftaube c*aiin^cntcrc<*> shall, in like manner, be bound with^two other sufficient securities in the like penalty, to answer and

manner. pay the costs occasioned by such claim any law, cute, or

usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the awhorityaforc* Penalties and said. That one moiety of the several penalties and forfeitures in forfeitures this act mentioned shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs cortnan^m anc ^uccc^orss another moiety shall be to the use of to plied person and persons as shall inform, prosecure, or sue for tiw

same, (except in such cases where any other appropriation 01 distribution of the said penalties is made by this act, or by ani other act or acts;,) and that all the same penalties and forfutures shall and may be prosecuted and sud for, and the cause and controversies arising thereupon tried, heard, and dew mined, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wefhmtfr or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, (acq* where any provision is made to the contrary by this or in? other law or Statute now in force,) wherein no essoin, prow tien, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, flub bellowed.

j1784j. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.' 677

XXXIX. h is hdreby further erta&td by the authority limitation of aforesaid, That if any £ftion or Am shall be brought or com action, noticed against any person or per tonnes, for af matter or rhing by him or them done or executed by virtue or or in pursuance wf this sd, such action or salt shall be commienced within three months next'tfter the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in thoproper county; and the defendant or defendants in such ac horror salt shall and may plead thegeberai issue, and give this act General issue wd the speciat matter in evidence at any trial to be had theta on and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, or difeominue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendant shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against Treble costs facb plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL. And whereas many persons, r having incurred heavy penalties by reason ofoffences commuted against the laws for colliding end fnuring the revenue of customs and excise, are deterred front renouncingit heir evil ceurfos, through fear of being discovered by some of them asskiates, and thereby subject to prosecution; and other per ftns are confined in prison for penalties and fines Jet upon them in eenfoquence of their having been convicted of such offences, which they Ore unable to pay; and manys to avoid such penalties and forfei uertsy have withdrawn themselves into foreign parts and proeefs of outlawry may have issued against some of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the n0 profecd ef resold circumstances \ be it therefore enacted, That no prose tiontobe cution by bill, plaint, information, or action of debt, shall be commenced commenced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, incurred by j1°ran^j: tu" reason of any offence committed by any person or persons "n^cdb/ against any of the provisions of any act or acts for cblleding offences a, and securing the duties under the management of the commis gainit the (toners of the customs or excise, committed before the twenty cust»itj*or fourthday of Junes one thousand seven hundred and eighty committed (burr, but that the said penalties and forfeitures shall be wholly before June pardoned and released \

XLI. And be it further enacted, That as to ail penalties or His majesty's fines now due on any former conviction, upon any of the acts 0, ares al aforesaid, or which may become due in censequence of proses" r^cru*on attitms now carrying on, the same shall be pardoned and dif visions, discharged, so far as regards the share or interest of such penalty charged, orftntfgiveitto his Majesty; and that all persons against whom personsout soyproeefs of outlawry hath been sued out for the majterslawed qfoseiaid, may be 3t liberty to apply, by motion, to the court a^!^rtcourt tout of which feck process issued/to let aside or reverse the tojiavethe

sans. process re vers

xlrll And be it farther enacted, That if any person or persons who shall claim the benefit of this act, shall, alter such If any person, claim, 'bring, or commence, or cause to be brought or com after C a'inm?

menced,

the benefit ot

67ft

this a, Hull bring an action against any officer of the navy, See. for anything done on occasion of the offences intended to be released by thit ad, such officer may plead the general Mue, and recover costs of suit.

No to extend to offences for which the of fender is liable to corporal punishment.

Other matters to which this act shall not extend.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

meneed, any action, plaint information, or other profeoudoa whatsoever, against any officer of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, or other person who shall haw aided or assisted any such officer, for or concerning any id, matter, or thing, done or committed by them, or any of then, on occasion of, or for or by reason or means of any of the offence, frauds, misdemeanours, or other matters or dung intended to be released and discharged by this act, such diimis and shall be deemed to be an absolute discharge and teleaft t such officer or other person of and from all am every such actions, suits, and prosecutions; and such officer and other person may plead the general issue, and give the fecial matter evidence $ and the said officer or other person shall recover hit costs of suit against the person or persons so bringing or commencing such action or prosecution.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thatnothiag in this act contained shall extend, or be conftrtied to extend, a discharge or release any indictment, outlawry, or other proctfc, for or by reason of any felony, or other indistable offence gainst the laws for the protection of the revenue of theculiomt or excise, or of the officers employed therein, for which the offender is liable to corporal punishment, and not to a pecuniary penalty only.

XLIV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or release any seizure of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, ot of ships, vessels, or boats, or other thing whatsoever, or any prosecution now depending for the forfeiture of such goods, wares, or merchandise, (nips, vessels, boats, or other thing, under any act or acts of parliament now in force; nor to acquit, release, or discharge, any judgement or judgments uhen the moneys, or other things recovered, have been aduailylon ed or taken in execution before the making of elis aft) norm acquit, release, or discharge, any information which has ben already entered against any person or persons for the ncosery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offoce committed by him or them agakift any law now in force made for the fecunty of the revenue of customs and excise, ot soy vendift or verdicts obtained, or judgement or judgments recorded thereon, in respect to such part thereof as belongs to, or b been ufoally allowed and paid to the officer of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, (at whole in fiance the prosecution is or was carried on,) according to th mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been commenced and carried on; but such information, verdict ot vend ids, or judgement or judgments, shall and may be proceeded upon in the name of his majesty's attorney general, as originally enretd and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon such information, verdict or verdicts, or judgment or judgments, for the recovery, in due course of law, of such pvt of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has beta

ufmllv

17#4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47, 639

ifually allowed and paid to such officer of his majesty's navy,

rin the service of the customs or excise, (at whose instance: prosecution is or was carried on,) according to the mode in which such salt or fails hath or have been carried on.

XLV. Provided allb, That this act, or anything herein'this act not rontaihed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to ac to'xten^to. uit, release, or discharge, any person or persons whatsoever

the payment of all customs, duties, and urns of money, {, the lawful lue and owing to his Majesty from such person or persons, for importation r upon the lawful importation or entry of any goods, wares, f merchan r merchandizes; nor to any debts or turns of money due to dlze* lit Majesty from any person or persons upon any bond, obli; atioa, or other contract or agreement whatsoever, touching or bonds heraw oncerning the lawful importing or landing any goods, ware?, mentioned j r merchandizes, or the customs or other duties due and pay: ble for the same; nor to any bonds given or entered into for he exportation of any goods from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to prevent the relanding of the same in this king lorn; nor to any bonds given for landing any goods coastwise within this kingdom nor to any bonds or obligations given by my officer or officers of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, to his Majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to any other person or persons for the use of, or in trust for his said Majesty, or his predecessors; nor to any debts, dues, nor to debts or demands, due or owing to his fsid Majesty, for or in re relative to dp. sped of any Aim or sums of ihoney by him, or any of his royal b?nture'« predecessors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or: ertificate was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatsoever; nor to any other debts, dues, or demands, for or in respect of the customs, excise, and other duties chargeable on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, concerning which tlyere is any action, information, suit, or prosecution now depending in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XI*VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained Not to exrsnd shall extend, or be construed to extend, to acquit, release, pr lifeharge, any commander, captain, or other officer employed ^m^j, u in the service of the East India company, or to any tradesman, fervfce, manufacturer, or shopkeeper, having a known residence in this kingdom, from any penalty or forfeiture which he fnay be iable to by virtue of any law how in force for any offenee committed in the course of the trade or manufacture in which ses concerned, contrary tq any act or acts of parliament made for security of the revenue of customs or excise.

XLVII. Provided also, That all persons who have com wunded with, or agreed or offered to pay, any sum of money u y way of composition or charges to his Majesty, or to the lords good, or the ommissioners of his majesty's treasury, or to the commission i*rt*e* ?s of the customs or excise for the titpe being, Majesty's

ZZ2 fehalf, tw, ft.

f8o

This act may be pleaded in discharge of any thin pardoned thereby.

Persons taking benefit of this act, who have commenced any actions against: officers of the navy, C release such actions, and stay all proceedings thereon.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4?. x17^4*

behalf, for or in respect of any of the abovementioned offences or sot the forfeitures or penalties arising thereby, (htrtl'mikfe good such cotnpositions, agreements, and offers, as have tteeh by them respectively made, or in default thereof, eh and cv«y such persons shah be excluded and deprived of and from all benefit and advantage of this act. —

XLVIII. And belt further enacted, That any person or ersons may plead this act for h is or their discharge ofbrhforimj thing that is by virtue of this act pardoned disthahgijl'or granted; or shall and may apply for such discharge in a ftafrmary way, by motion, to the court of exchequer; which roar Than make such order touching the Raying or discharge of atay such suit, or of any person imprisoned by reason thereof, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall take, receive, or be inthled to any benefit or advantage by virtue of this present act of indemnity, either by phsrtfvtlg or infifttng on the same in any court of justice, or oefotie iny of the barons of the court of exchequer, in a summary way; ' or otherwise, and who hath or shall (before, he, she, or they mall claim the benefit of this present act) have brought, commenced, or prosecuted any aftton, plaint, or information, iridift mentor other prosecution whatsoever, against any offic^f of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or against any person or persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any such officer, for or concerning any matter, cause, or thing, done or committed bjr such officer, or by any person or persons aiding or affifiing him, on occaffiod or for or by reason or means of any of the offerieesi vtefpaf fes, frauds, mtfdemeanors, or other matters or tnihes by this act intended to be released and discharged, fhifl, wore such time as h, Ihc, or they shall be admitted to makhfoch plea as aforesaid, or to take any benefit or advantage tsftftis aft, absolutely release and discharge such aftiort of asti6hs* discontinue and cause to be stard all proceedings in am ants every such informations; indictmentsj and other prosecution and prosecutions, brought or commenced as aforesaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for better Ji curing the duties on far eh an i Jiaju

Preamble;

Act 10 Anne,

C. 6.

WHEREAS the fraudulent prarice of mating starch h jm entered plates, without paying the duties imposed the+ea by law, has very much imrenfed of late to the great Ufs of tie revenue, and to the injury of the fair traders: and whereas by (Ok eft made in the tenth year of the reign of our late fovereirn £$ufen Anne. amongst other things, for laying new duties on forth, aft maters. 9} Jiarch in Great Britain are required to give notice in tvritbg, at the office for the duties on Jiarch next to the place where f

I

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. 68*

arch shall be made, of their respective nanus and plans of abode,

nd of every workhouse, storehouse, room, and other plate by them

fed tn and for the making, drying, and keeping of forth, or of

'our, meal, or other materials proper to be made into forth^wt

er a penalty of fifty pounds: and whereas by an act made in, go. 3. C

he nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better 40.

curing the duties on ft arch, every maker of starch is required to

diver to the officer who surveys his starch house, an account in

writing, containing as well an exact description of every room and

late by him made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of (larch,

s dlfo of every vessel or utensil used by him for the making of (larch,

fore he presumes to use the same, under a penalty of fifty pounds:

nd whereas the said penalties have been found ineffectual, and not

Iffidtnt to prevent the fraudulent and secret making of Jlarch, by

ll disposed per Jans in obscure places, without paying the duties for

be same: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's

noft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and oonfent of

he lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Prom Sept.

rom and after the twentieth day of September, one thousand ^rchmaker

even hundred and eighty-four, no maker of starch, within to erect, alter,

!treat Britain shall erect, setup, alter, change, enlarge, or make or use, any

use of, any workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place, for the 'workhouse,

naking, drying, or keeping of starch, or for the keeping any C o^kee -

lour, or meal, or other materials proper to be made into starch, ! of starch.

ufc any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or other vef or the mate

CL for the making of starch, without first giving notice in writ rial thereof,

ng thereof, and of his or her respective name or place of

ibode, qr unless such notice thereof shall have been before given out giving

n writing at the office for the said duties oa starch next to the proper notice

)lace where such starch. shall be made; and if any maker of to the next

larch within Great Britain shall erect setup, alter, enlarge, or office;

nake use of, any workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place,

or the making, drying, or keeping of starch, or for the keep

ng any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into

larch, or shall use any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or

there vessel, for the making of starch, without giving such notice

hereof, and of his or her. name and place of abode as afore:

: or without delivering to the officer who Airveys his or her

tarch house, an account in writing, containing as well an

: xza description of each and every room and place by him or

her made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of starch,

is also of each and every vessel or utensil by him or her made

use of for the making of starch5 then, and in every such case, on penally ot

the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the L

Turn of two hundred pounds.

II. And, in order to deter persans from assisting the proprietors of Private and unentered jlarch houses in carrying on their fraudulent iraftices, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, prompt rom a nd after the said twentieth day of September, one thou fons^ffitting^ and seen hundred and eighty-four, when any officer or offi in making

z Z r cer$ starch in un

vj k?lc

Officers may hrreft such persont, and tonvey them before a justice, dcc.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [U

entered cers o excite shall discover that the making of (larch is carried houtts, to on in any private worldioufe*, room, or place, whereof no such

tortcit jol. Wtice as aforesaid has been given at the next office for the

duties on (larch, and shall at the same time discover in the workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, where such private making of (larch shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or any ways concerned in carrying on such private making of (larch, every such person or persons so discovered ft ail forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker of such (larch shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the officer and officers of excite, and all other persons ailing in their aid, to (lop, arrest, and detain, all and every the person and persons so discovered in.such workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, and to convey the said person or persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and It shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace refoecllvely, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath 01 one or more credible witnessor witnesses, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately 00 such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein after dire died; and on such offender or offenders refuting or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty, pounds, the justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid shall, by warrantor warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and teals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectivety, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be dischargd until he, she, or they shall have paid the said tom of thirty Penalty on a pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months; and in second offence. case the person or persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any workhouse, "storehouse, room, or place, where the making of (larch shall be so privately carried on, assisting, or otherwise concerned in scarrying on such private making of (larch, he, she, or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction - manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during, the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid. Prom Sept, 20, IM dndy for the further preventing the daniestine mchta if 1784, the Jlarch % be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from name of every and after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand fc to be painted vcn hundred anc eighty-four, every person who shall make over the door, arc within Great Britain shall cause to be painted, in large ron the legible letters of at lead three inches in length, over the outwanj

n t d°°ri

If offender refuse to pay the penalty, he may be committed.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48s 63?

door, or in some conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch front of bit house, the christian and surname of such starch maker, with the jferch house, addition of the word starch maker; and if any person shall make C starch within Great Britain without having nis or her christian and surname, with the addition of the word starch maker so as aforesaid painted over the outward door, or in same conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch house, he or she so offend on penalty of ing shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds., h

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September one From Sept. 10, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, when any starch, ex7*4* n0 ceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, shall be jn^, s poamit removed or carried by land or by water, the word Starch shall shall be re be painted or marked in legible letters, of at lead three inches moved, unless in length, on every chest, calk, sack, or other package wherein he wo, [d such starch shall be contained j and any starch, exceeding the ^bly marked quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, which shall be found n the pack removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by land or by age; water, in any chest, calk, sack, or other package, not having the word Starch so painted or marked thereon, after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be forfeited, together with the chest, calk, on penalty of sack, or other package containing the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other carriage, the^ttleand made use of in removing or carrying the same; carriages, CV

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one Dealers re thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any dealer in, or ceiving more seller of starch, shall at anytime knowingly receive into hi custody any quantity of starch, exceeding twenty-eight pounds Jardi not weight, not having the word Starch so as aforesaid painted or marked at marked on the chest, calk, sack, or other package containing aforesaid, for the same, he orb so offending shall forfeit the sum of two/cila9°h hundred pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one starch make thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker of starch ersohftrua shall obstruct or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon starch in the execution of any of the powers and authorities 1 c1, 0q. given to him or them by this or any other at for the ascertain inj or securing the duties upon starch, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the laws now in farce for securing the dutier on soapy many frauds are still frequently prafiiftdy to the great loss of the revenue and to the injury of the fair trader, and some better regulations in the manner of carrying on the soap making business are fill wanting; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twen fromsepm*, tieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*officer. all and cvqry the officers of excise shall at all times by

ZZ4 V dayentciu*

684 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4*.

[1784.

house, boil day or by night, and without waiting for the prtfcncc of a con houte, C stable or peace officer, be permitted, tfpon his or thdr request, t or ny fuap to cnjer into the house, boiling house, warehouse, or other; take^an ac place whatsoever, belonging to or used by any maker or makers*C uit of the of any soap whatsoever, and, by gauging or weighing of the leap rude, soap, or otherwise, as to such officer shall seem moil proper and ami alto of the convenient, to take an account of the just quantity of the soap making here w*lic^ shall have been made by such maker or makers of (bap of S from time to time; and also to take an account of all materials for the making of soap, in the possession or custody of such maker or makers of soap; ami all and every the officers of excite (halt be permitted to stay and remain in such house, boiling house, warehouse, or other place, belonging to or used by fufch maker or makers of soap, or in any of such places, so long as suchofb* cer or officers shall think fit.

VIII. And for the better preventing the frauds frequently cam V mitted by diverse makers $fsoap, be it further enacted by the at from Sept. 20, thorny aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentierh day 1784, 00 soap cf September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, co n keonvenvc ma^er f°*p have or cep any P*PC* conveyance anceto o" ^r001 or to any copper or pan made use of in the boiling or make from any cop ing of soap, lave and except one movable pump for taking out per or pan, salt or spent lees, which pump shall be taken out of such copper movable or Pan before topper or pan shall be locked down by the pump) officer; and that no maker of soap shall have any cock or pcf or any cock Nation or hole in the side or curb, or bottom or cover of his or hole in the or her boiler or copper, nor shall have any part of the curb side or curb, movable, nor shall use any syphon, crane, or trinket, but (h*h cu*take out all lees soap, or other ingredients, contained in the said copper or boiler, by a pump, or by a ladle only; on patn that any maker of soap, having or keeping any pipe or other conveyance from or to any copper or pan made use of in the boiling or making of soap, save and except such pmtip as ak said, or having any cock or perforation or hole hi the fideor ct.rb, br bottom or cover of his or her boiler t copper, or haig any part of the curb movable, or using any syphon, crane, or on penalty of trinket, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum 500l. of five hundred pounds: provided always, That it shall be hw

[Proviso.]full for every maker of soap to have, in the cover of his 6r her copper or boiler, small holes, not exceeding one eighth bf an inch in diameter, for the (team to escape through the same.

IX*And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeiri, fromsept.ap, That, from and after the said twentieth day of Sepfrfokrry onfe 1784, the co, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, thecovts iwid furnace nace doorr" oor an door of cvety copper, pan, or othfck uteiffll

C to be kept used by any maker of hxrd soap for the boiling or thkkmgdf locked by the soap, mall, and they >a*e hwfcby teqtuvfed to be securfclylocked, officer, except fastened, and sealed down by the btfteet dr officers of Recife C y01*' who survey such trader, fetfcll times, except when such copper,

pan, or other utensils, shall be at work, or shall be opened for repairing the same, or for the inspe&iorvof w officer or officers*of

etc. or ms boiler, nor use any syphon,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. 685

f cxctfe; and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary Locks and artenings* for securing and sealing the said covers and furnace keys to be m.d. afit hdc doors of every such copper, pan, or other utensil, r[°7urvebo shall be provided by the respective surveyors and supervisors of &<?. a/the ea rxctfe of the respective districts or divisions in which such make pence of the rrs of soap shall respectively reside, at the expense of the re makers, petfiive makers in each division or district; and whenever such maker of soap shall be desirous of opening such copper, 'pan, or n her utensil, or the fomace ora(h hole door thereof, and shall lave: given to the officer of excise of the division of dtstrict, welve hours notice thereof, if such maker of soap shall reside within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or wenty four hours notice thereof, if such maker of fottp shall efide in any other part of Great Britain, then the officer of ex rise shall attend to open such copper, pan, or other utensil, or: he furnace or ah hole door thereof; and if, by any means, Any person art, device, or contrivance whatsoever, any person fhalfopen clan<!cft, northeast, F iny such copper, pan, or other utensil, or the furnace or ash coppers C bole ddor thereof, after the same shall have been locked and or damaging Gfecured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked such yaften m.d. openbd by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully damage or fr

burse any such lock or other fattening, every such person shall, tei 100*sot every such offence respectively, forfeit and lost the sum of one hundred pounds.

X*And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one soap makert housand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker or make uwtructing rrt of soap shall obstruct or hinder any officer of excise in the fcitc^j° execution of the powers or authorities given to him or them by: his or any other act for the ascertaining or securing the duties upon soap, the person or persons offending therein shall, for svery such offence, forfeit and lose the ftim of fifty pounds.

XI. And, for the better preventing the clandestine making of soap, From Sept, so, without payment of the duties for the same; be it further enacted »7*4» officer by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twen count, asoften tieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty a they think four, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of excise to sit, of all ma: ache an account from time to time, as often as he or they shall terials for think fit, by gauging, weighing, or otherwise, asto him or the maker's Jicni shall fetm most^proper and convenient, of all tallow, Oil, possession. rosin, and grease of every kind, and of all materials for making soap maker oap, which any maker of soap shall at anytime htfve in hispof to provide ession; ind futh maker of soap shall provide proper feales and fcafes* heights, and assist the officer in weighing and taking futh ac courts on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds: and in case such weighing, 6c. officer shall find anydecreale of any such materials for making on penalty roand <h*h not receive a fetisfaaory account thereof, fufcho(*t>l« r>f!icbr (halbcharge such maker of soap with duties for such de Dufies tole rrcafe, according to the rates and proportions following; "tb ro say.

t, m decrlafeof the following materials.

For

686 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48.

[178

Oils For every fourteen hundred weight, or two hundred and a

gallons of oil, so missing, such officer shall charge any maker hard (bp with the duties on twenty hundred weight of hsj soap:

Rendered For every thirteen hundred weight of rendered tallow \

tallow; missing, such officer shall charge any maker of hard Ibap

the duties on twenty hundred weight of such bap:

Kitchen stuff For every thirteen hundred weight and two quarters; and tallow: kitchen fluff and tallow so missing, such officer shall charge ad

maker of hard soap with the duties on twenty hundred weg of such soap:

Tallow rosin, For cvcry fourteen hundred weight of tallow, rosin, and 0] C 1*so missing, such officer shall charge any maker of yellow, brow

or rosin soap, with the duties on twenty hundred weight; such soap -

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

soap makers That every maker and makers of soap, before he, me, or th: to give proper shall charge his, her, or their copper or boiler with any matt officer before man f so*pt shall give to the officer of the divifecj

theyccharge ?r p^cc where such (bap is intended to be made, notice in writ their copper, ing of the particular time and hour when such maker of soap intends to charge his or their copper or boiler, as herein after i What shall be mentioned; (that is to say), If such soap is intended to be mad deemed pro at any place within the limits of the bead office of excise in Laper notice. <&#, then such notice shall be by the space of twelve hours nexi before the time of charging such copper or boiler; and if Aici soap is intended to be made at aoy other place, out of the iimio aforesaid, then fych notice shall be by the space of twenty-four hours next before the time of charging such copper or boiler; On faiture of on pain of forfeiting and losing the sum of one hundred pound giving such at every time when any makes of soap shall begin to charge his notice, to for or ber copper or boiler without first giving such ^otiqe as afore tit tool. occ. an(j fuc|a ma^er of soap shan not begin to charge his or her copper or boiler within the space of three hours next after the particular time or hour mentioned in such notice, then such notice shall be vpid; and every maker of soap who, after the expiration of the said time, shall begin to charge his or her copper or boiler, without haying first given a hew or other Lie notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 8o*pmaker to That every maker of (bap shall, before charging his or her cop weigh, in pre per or boiler with any materials for making of soap, weigh, in fence of the the presence of the officer, all the rosin, tallow, great or other the<materials materials with which such maker of soap intends to change his with which be or her copper or boiler, and all such rosin, tallow, great, or intends to other materials, shall be put into the copper or boiler in the charge his presence of the officer; and in case the quantity of bard soap, copper, C aftcrwarcj$ produced therefrom, shall be found by the gauge in

the frames to be lets than ought to have been produced accord

0 ing

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgi/iii. C 4tf.

g to the ratfcs and proportions herein before mentioned, then ie deficiency therein shall be charged with the duties there up 1, according to the rates and proportions herein before men oned; provided always, That if any maker of soap shall have larged the copper or boiler with rough fat or rough kitchen 'ease, then eight pounds of rough fat shall be deemed equal to ven pounds of tallow, and five pounds of rough kitchen reafe shall be deemed equal to four pounds of clean kitchen reafe.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"hat no maker or makers of hard (bap shall, after the twentieth No foapmak ay of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, er cpu ill any hard soap but in the (hape or form of cakes or bars, or 'hat is commonly called or known by the name of Ball Soap; soap but in the nd that all feraps and parings of hard soap shall be returned (hape of cakes ito the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer immedi of bar tely after the soap that has been put into the frames from any aw / "P northeast boiling shall have been cut up for sale; on pain that every shall^be1* [taker of hard soap, selling any such hard soap in any other form turned into han as aforesaid, or not returning all feraps or parings of hard the copper, fa oap into the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer, pjjfence of the mmediately as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred on 'ounds for each offence., o<t 1

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid /

all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, The powers nethods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and thing, ?°^penaj^et which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of'king Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for taking away relative to ex he court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights cife duties, # rervicey and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty*!*

: thereof /, or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or; stablished, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all finep, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, lorfe, tu{ means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or csrewl and" may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied.

698 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49. [1784.

Or hw$ of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, ormfor mation, in any of his majesty's courts of record at West'mbrflet} or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety ts him or them who shall ipform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaij, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced again!:ions. any person or persons for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or dc general issue. fendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, 2nd give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or proheu' tien, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Treble costs. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown sum ported into Great Britain, end upon lead exported from Great Britain into parti beyond the seas; and for allowing a drswkti upon the exportation of/illsy and stuffs mixed with sill,

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

TTTE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty't public. expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates, duties, andim* portions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech

Jour Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Ling's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and aeon lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the bmc, From Sept. io, That, from and after the twentieth day of September, one thou 1784, the fol fcmi seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, le t?onal^duties vie collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his to be paid to heirs and successors, for and upon the goods herein after mentis Majesty; tioned, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, ai videlicet, ready imposed thereon, the several and respective duties tallowing; that is to say,

Raw Clk im For every pound of raw silk, each pound containing twenty

- ^jund'four ounces imported or brought into the kingdom of Grtti pouft the sum of two Shillings apd nine pepee;

4, U


1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49. €89

For every pound of thrown silk, each pound containing six Thrown (ilk teen ounces, imported or brought into the kingdom of grazf^s. per pounds Britain, the sum of two Shillings'*

for and upon all lead, cast and uncast, the fodder or Lead expect tbn, containing twenty hundred weight avoirdupois, which shall edit. is. the be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the seas, tonne the sum of one pound, one shilling -9 and after those rates for ny greater or less quantities:, '

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi Duties liable tional impostor duty of five pounds per centum and five pounds to the addi per centum thereon, in the same manner, and under the same ^c0nntg*t^gr regulations, as the said duties were imposed by two several acts imnpo4dcby°n# of parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty second years 19 Geo. y C of his majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties5» and* upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the re Gco# C*

of of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

II And? to promote and encourage the silk manufactures in this Hingdom, and the exportation thereof into foreign partsf it is expedient that a further premium or bounty shouli be allowed thereon, in From March proportion to the additional duties granted by this cdt on the importa b^«n

tien of raw and thrown silk; be it therefore enacted, That, from tjcs to^au and after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred lowed on ex. and eighty-five, over and above the former bounties allowed on portationyf the exportation of the several articles herein after specified, there shall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof, British maau*

failures t

For all ribbons and stuffs of silk, (except gauzes), made in silk ribbons Great Britain, the sum of two Shillings for every pound weight and Huffs, is. avoirdupois: per pound:

For all silks and ribbons, made in Great Britain, of silk mix jl, ks anded with gold or hiver, the torn of two Shillings and eight pence with gold!see. for every pound weight avoirdupois: xs. sd. per

For all silk (lockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, pound Hitching or sewing (ilk, made in Great Britain, the sum of one Silk stock ffishing and nine pence for every pound weight avoirdupois: ings, See. it.

For all stuffs of silk and grogratn yarn, made in Great Britain, stufftoffilk*the sum of sixpence for every pound weight avoirdupois: and grogram

For all stuffs, made in Great Britain, of silk mixed with incle 6d. per pounds or cotton, the sum of eight pence for every pound weight avoir Of silk and dupois: cotton, $ d.

For all stuffs, made in Great Britain, of silk and worded, the pr pound: sum of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdupois*and in ^orftiad^d. those proportions for any greater Or lesser quantity: perpouaj.-

Which said several allowances shall be paid in the same manner and form, by the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, under the same securities, and subject to the same penalties and forfeitures, as the former bounties granted on the like articles are paid and allowed, and are subject and liable to by any a

or

Duties to b

Under the management of cornraif sioners Of customs;

and levied and recovered in the same mao ner as the former duties.

A book lobe provided by the auditor of the exche

suer.in which ae duties shall be entered separate from all others. Application thereof.

If the duties grated by tn\s and other acts of the present session shall not be sufficient to pay the an mnties granted by the lottery aft.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.

[17fa

or acts of parliament in force, except where any akemkn is made by this act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted shall be uqda the management and direction of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and Audi he paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawn back upon the exportation of such foreign goods as paid the duties'hereby granted upon the importation thereof; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the same manner and form, and under the like restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and allowed (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties hereby granted, shall (the necessary charges of management excepted; be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, except so much thereof as is herein before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this (efliotiof parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for mpngourt tain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery,

V. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of Uie several duties granted by this act, together with the several other, duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of parljir ment, for the payment of the several annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and of five Shillings and sixpence per centum, in respect of six millions borrowed is purfugnee of an act of this present session of parliament, inti tufed. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of anmtuu and for establishing a lottery), (hah not be sufficient to pay and difefiarge the several annuities of three pounds per ceatitm % and

of

y84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49; r

f foor pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of five fillings and sixpence per centum, to continue for seventy five years nl six months, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven*undred and eighty-four, and then to cease, together with the thdr charges and expenses attending the said respective annui es, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the end of any r either of the half yearly days of payment at which the same re directed by the said act to be paid; then, and so often and the deficiency every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may, UJ£

supplied out of any of the moneys which at any time or times thefinkinx

ball be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur fuad,

lufies, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues compos

ng the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such

ndnies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any par

icular use or nfes by any former act or acts of parliament in

hat behalf) $ and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall

m.d. may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly;

ind if at any time or times before any moneys of the said fond

0 be established as aforesaid shall be brought into the exchequer

is aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for pay.

ng the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually in:

: and grown due at any of the half yearly days of payment

before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the mo

lay so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of

he sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued ap

ardingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said which shall be

sinking fond, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out

of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament suppliss.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority foiesaid. That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder Surplus, if of the moneys arising by the said fond, after the said several and h.?^to respective annuities, and aho the annuities granted in respect of M pp wa the money due for bills payable in the course of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, and also for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in pursuance of an act made

in this (eflion of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for paying the interefi of the remaining navy bills, and for payment of the ordnance debentures, as the same shall respectively become due and payable; and also for the payment of any annuity or annuities which may hereafter be created for the discharge of the said navy bills and ordnance debentures respectively; and the commhtioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Gyt Add vjoeftno quarto swioltflt. C 5«, 5 f. {^4.

CAP. L

Asst id to retire and continue (evcral laws, relating to the aflewi^ tk exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and otter articles, to &* Many's sugar coionka in Americas and to the «ho*u*g a draafea of the duties on ram shipped as (fores, to be roo/urarri os bosri wa chant Uiips on their voyages; and to extend the proviso*of aasas the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, relative to the^remoral wine ia cades, to wine removed in bottles and other packages

80 much of aft 16 Geo. j. C 37. as relates to the exportatsoo of where, C to the sugar colonies, revived, and continued until May a 12^ So much of an act 19 Geo. 3. C si. as relates to a drawback on rum &£> ped as ft ores on board merchant ships, revived, and continued ootil Apni i, 1716. Act j Geo. 3. c. 76. recited. From Sept, so, 7x4, ilieiftirt aft, so far as it relates to the removal of wine without a certificate, Jc. shall extend to the removal of wine in bottles, or other packages

CAP. LI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences te ht taken out by persons vending bats by retail; and also certain dutx on bats sold under such licences; and for laying additional duties: i all hats and caps imported into this kingdom

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

Majesty's most dutiful and lojnl subje&x, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most eafv means, the necessary suppjirs which we have granted to your Majesty in this fefltoa of p*rhi ment, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant onto yew Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it coa&ed by the king's most excellent Majesty, bf«and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

aed commons, in this present parliament assembled, tod From Oct.?, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fir dy 1784, the fol of October9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there tctbe^ pridto* racy collected, and paid, throughout the king his Majesty; dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his viz.9heirs and successors the teveral rates and duties following; lhai

All retailer "of felt or beaver hats, Sec. All persons uttering or vending, in Great Britain, by retai!, in Great Bri any ^ats$ commonly called or known by the name of a/ror out alkence Stuff or Btovtr Hats, or any leather or japanned hats,

annually: shall annually take out a licence for that purpose in manner

For which herein after pre scribed:

fliatl be paid, And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail such within the hats as aforesaid, shall reside within the cities of London and tality orbo Westminjitr, or within the distance of the bills of mortality, or rough of within the borough of Southwark in the county of, there Southwark, shall be charged a lamp duty of forty Shillings;

4#, .« And

i'784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51. 693

And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail any And in cities uch hats as aforesaid, shall reside in any city or market town, ^jns^fth nher than the cities of London and Westminster, or borough of out t^c Southwark in the county of Surrey there shall be charged a $: -

lamp duty of five Shillings:

And where the person, uttering or vending by retail any such And in other uts as aforesaid, who shall reside in any other part of Great lhe.

3ritain9 not being a city or market town, there shall be charged m' 5$'* 1 lamp duty of five Shillings:

every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or For every self apanned hat, not exceeding the price or value of four Shillings, r hat, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or per ceeding^" in ons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a lamp value, d: luty of threepence.

every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or Fronts. to apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of four Shillings, and a(, uty°^ iot above the price or value of seven Shillings, which shall be 6 ittered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out uch licences, there shall be charged a lamp duty of sixpence:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or From to apanned hat, above the price or value of seven Shillings, and Uty

lot exceeding the price or value of twelve Shillings, which shall e uttered, vended, or sold, by any person taking out such LI ences, there shall be charged a damp duty of one shilling:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or And above apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of twelve Shillings,

which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a stamp luty of two Shillings:

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more Duties to be: 0fcdual levying and collecting all the said duties herein before jj*r tj^cnt granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and s^hvcom inanagement of the commissioners for the time being appointed missioners of 0 manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, s parchment, damps.

r paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that )urpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as nay be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote he said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do ill other things necessary to be done for putting this all into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein be ore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as hey, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in xecuiion any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From OH. f, lay of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, j ?* io person whatsoever required by this all to be licensed shall, bereiaw inless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, mentioned itter, vend, or sell, aoy felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or withoutalu

You XXXIV A a a any

94 Anno vicesimo quarto georsii IIL C 51. [1784.

any leather or japanned hats, in Great Britain, upon pas to on penalty of forfeit, for every offence, the sum of fifty pounds; to be reco $ol vered and applied as herein after is directed.

Any two com

IV. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the mi (Goners of passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty's coatfl& persons "oners» appointed for managing the duties arising by dampsm pointed try vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly wtho them, may rized by them, shall grant licences to such persons who Anti grant licences, apply for the same, to sell felt or wool, stuff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence firm the said first day of October, one thounnd seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before tit day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person arper tonnes after the said first day of 08obtry one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day of the date of Licences to be every such licence; and all and every person and period who renewed an hall take out such licence for selling hats, shall take out afirtih nually. licence for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or foe shall continue to sell hats by retail; and shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the stamps on such licence, as long as be of the shall continue to sell hats by retail.

Every licensed V And be it further enacted, That every person vending or retailer to expofine to sale hats by retail, and who shall have taken out s^licence For that purpose as herein before is directed, (haflcask inua'ts by Re l^c words Dealer in Hats by Retail, to be painted or written in tail, over the large and legible characters, either over the door, or in foot door or on the visible place on the front of his or their house, (hop, or wase boh kouse, at the respective place at which he or they keep such bats u C for fajc< to denote that such person or persons is a dealer in hats, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to sell any hats, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending ttr exon penalty of posing to sale any bats shall, for every hat so sold, forfeit and os. for each pay the sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered and distributed hat sold. as herein after is directed.

Unlicensed

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons persons put. shall cause the words Dealer in Hats to be affixed or put in 6c wordspto°te ^ront hcr» or tier houe or P or warehouse, without

forfeit job being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And whereas doubts may arise what person or perfmsoeayk

ionfsdered a retail dealer or dealers in bats within the wiftnosfib*

Who shall be this afly be it therefore enacted and declared. That0 persons

deemed re who shall sell any less quantity than one dozen of hat ak one

tailers of hats. tjme to any onc person shall foe deemed a retailer of bats^and shall be liable to take out a licence for that purpose.

Stamped pa

VIII. And in order to ftcure the duty aforesaid be it further

enabled, That every person uttering or vending by retail, or ee taxed to a txptfag

i by

*84«] Anno vicesimo quarto geor6rl fit. C 51; expolfing td file, any h*ts liable to the duty hereby imposed, shu apply to the coimriissioners of stamps, or to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, stamped with the several and fcspective duties hereby imposed, to be parted or affixed, by the perfect or persons so uttering or vending by retail such hat or hats as aforesaid, to the lining in the inude of the crown of(tlch hats, in such manner and form as the said of shall direct; and every felt or wool, stuff or beaver hat, or any leather or Japanned hat, uttered, vended, or sold, by arty period or periods taking out the licence required by this act, shall have affixed thereto such stamped ticket, mark, or device, and in fcwh manner and form, and in such part of the inside thereof, as the of of his majesty's stamp duties shall from titrte to tirtie direct.

IK. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 'ftfcll v*nd, utter, fell, or expose to sale, or shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any hat or hats, subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed and marked and stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have ny ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a stamp or mark of Jess denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed 5 every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such hat so sold, uttered, or exposed0 foie, or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is di rtfted.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shall soil to any other retailer of hats also licensed, any hat or hats, although the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same mall not be affixed and marked and stamped as by this act is directed.

XI. Andy to prevent the mark Or stamp hereby directed to be used9 which bds been affixed to any haty prom being made use of again to affix to any other hat be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any mark or stamp, in tefpeft whereof or by which any duties are hereby payable for any hat, or shall fraudulently affix or paste on in any hat, uny ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the same having been once inude use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall hereafter sell, utter, or expose to sale, any hat with such ticket so fraudulently cutt from, taken off, or removed; then, so osten, and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offend 'ing in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the fom of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. And to prevent persons, so licensed as aforesaid, from selling Vtoi taping any ttekets which have been before made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed and for preventing such

the fining of the crown of hats,

agreeable the directiortf of the commissionerl.

pefforts feu ling, Sec. anf bat liable to the duties, without a prof per damp.

to forfeit rob

Not to extend to orte licensed retailer Telling to another.

Persons fraudulently tearing off. or affixing any stamp already used in any hat, Stc.

shall forfeit aol

6g6 Anno vicesimo quarto geor« UI. C

Na person to frauds; be it enacted, That if any person shall, from and sdeter

ticket ^alread^ pa^ln8 l^ls ac sell or buy any lfekct» in order to be used, cy again made use of to be affixed to any bat liable to the duty

on penalty of sou

Either buyer or seller who shall inform against the other party,

shall be indemnified.

shall make a separate charge for the (lamps.

hereby imposed, every such person so offending shall, for evefy such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either buyer or seller of any such ticket, or of any hat not haying the proper ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, shall inform against the other party concerned in buying or selling (ucji ticket, or such bat not having the proper damped ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, the party so offending shall he admitted to give' evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred. Retailers deli

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any person or perk118* licensed in pursuance of this act, shall deliver in any to the duties, 6 hill or charge for any hat or hats (subject to the duties hereby '*imposed), such person or persons shall make a distinct and separate

charge for the (lamp or (lamps which shall have been affixed to the hat or hats so charged in such bill.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Persons coun That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark directed or allow (lamps, with c(j to cussed by this act, for the purpose of denoting the fraud his Ma duties by this granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the jesty, to suffer impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, death as fe his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall ln privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, direct

CD qk allowed. to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provision of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat fatincrto^src" ters anc h, nss prescribed or appointed by any former act or kamp duties, as parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, to be in force parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with rein executing jation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be ap this act plied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and

securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new fates and duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforecud, Penalties, sued That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided for within six and distributed (it sued for within the space of six calendar

tobe^divided monl*ls from re time f any such penalty being incurred) in'manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuctefiors, and the other moiety thereof, with full

costs

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51; 697

costs of futt, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid' '

all pecuniary penalties which shall exceed the sum of Penalties extwenty pounds, iraposed on any person or persons for offences ceding to I. committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and rer

covered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminsterfor offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwicl upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences Committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

xfx. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the Informers not penalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and entitled to any restricted to the prosecuting for the same within the time penauiesun herein before for that purpose limited; and that in default of |efs fuca for*such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or in within six formers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such months, ^penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh any justice of the peace residing near the place where the of booring juf fence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary fences where penalty not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds; which said the penalties justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon do not mwd any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fast; upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness orwit nestes, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, so adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be persong ag. sooner paid and satisfied: if any person or persons shall grieved by find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such deternri* such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving fecu nat, I may jity to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, ^rtwfcf A a a 3 together Sons,

by

Anno vicesimo quarto gsoroit TO. CI together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace Wt the next general quarter sessions for the cotmty, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon witnessfes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay coftfroo cafioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ptrfoiu fina* That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a wftstefs§ wit or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or jufkcerof foall Tia peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either to\ppear* on l^c Parl prosecutor, or of the person or person XC

Without area cussed, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time d fopable ex place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable cure, to forfeit excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to

s

Justice may mitigate pe

' fromdft. i, ill, the fof jovring additional import duties to be paid to his Majesty VI

lowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty flihk lings; to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means V as herein before directed as to other penalties: provided nevef theless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said iuf fice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any mch penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always ahowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this at, or any other a St of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty foiir, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following $ that is to say?

forhats, Ire. For all hats or caps (except night cap) made of felt, dr

made of felt, manufactured wholly of meep or lambs wool, the sum of six 6d. the pieces. J

V pence the piece:

For every hat For every bat made of, or mixed with, beaver woof, or with

made of bea hair, or other fur or wool of whatever kind, the sum of tiro

verwool, Sec. Shillings

to be And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi addtt^nalim imppft or duty of fivp pounds per centum and five pound

poftof5pe? ptr untum thereon, which were imposed by two several6*

made

i.2&4 t aboo vieefitrw quarto Georgii III. c. 5r. \ ^99.

idad? in the nineteenth and twenty second years of his Majes cent.and jper ty*s xeign, /flr granting to his Majesty additional duties upon that j^rofedby"* product of tot several duties under the management of the respective.l9\3to. f commissioners of the tujloms and excise in Great Britain. C51 and 1*

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority geo c 66 aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the import duties importation of such hats shall be under the management and to be under direction of the commissioners of his majery's curoms in eng land and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready commission xnooey, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and ersofeustoms, shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the same goods $ and drawn and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, col bajjll pon.ex* 1 fected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and P on form, and under such rerrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, and to be collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where ar.y al evi«d and retention is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and pur fa^anne* poses, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties ate former and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating the re duties, C to, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of " efent act.

Andy for encouraging the exportation of hats into foreign parts, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Hats, two to and for any person or persons, Licensed in pursuance of this down in one ad, to export any number of hats, not less in quantity than f^e^rted^ two dozen in any one package, without having the Ramp without hav ticket affixed thereto as herein before is directed, upon giving ing theftamp notice to the dirributor of Ramps living nearer to the place"* affixed where the person so exporting such hats shall reside, and ob there, t C taining from him a certificate thereof, which he is hereby directed to give, without fee or reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid dt?^e* from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for j^ver gene the time being of the duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, rai of stamp and paper, who shall keep a separate and dirinct account of duties, and by the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary pd 5nto charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being the exc "etluer* deducted), into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be pro Auditor to vided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys aris provide a book tog from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said monks receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from separate from all other moneys paid or payable to his majery, his heirs or all others, successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money Application so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be thereof,

fund for the payment of the several annuities and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable.

Aa a 4

pursuant

and recover treble costs.

O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53* [17)54;

pursuant to an act of this present session of parbamem, {wti tilied, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of extmpvei, and for establishing a lottery).

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jvfendant* That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, ir.av plead the molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them doneor geacral issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or ma? plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict (bafi pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plain! become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants (baste have treble costs awarded to him or them against such pbintifi or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

- i

An act for raising a farther sum of money, by loans or exchequer Wh 1 for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty*four.

Commissioners of the treasury may raift i, o©o, oooo1. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1785, in manner as by the malt act of lift (fefloa is prescribed, See. The dautes in the said act relating to loans or bills, (Exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be re Reived again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1785. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid mt of the next parliamentary aid; and if fuf&cient (applies be not granted before July 5, 1785, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys fot&ied to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to jd. yancf the said sum on the credit of this act; a a aft 5 & £ Gul. Sc Maii^ notwithstanding.

CAP. LIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold andfik ver plate imported, and a)so certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the supply granted to your Majesty in this fec flon of parliament by ways the least burdensome to your majesty's subjects, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the respective duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly bcfrech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament at sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of December', one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all gold apd silver plate which shall be imported pr brought iqtb* - 'the

Preamble

From Dec.?,

178+, the following duties Uppn gold and fi I wer plate ro be paid to his Majesty; viz.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.^ 701

the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all gold and silver plate to be made or wrought within the same kingdom, the several and respective rates and duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all gold plate which, at any time or times affor gold plate ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and imported intq eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom Great Britain of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought within the an additional same kingdom at any time or times from and after the said duty of 8 s. first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty per ounce; four, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other duties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of eight Shillings for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater or less quantity:

And for and upon all silver plate which, at any time or For Giver plate times after the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the grwtbrisiin kingdom of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought an additional' within the same kingdom, at anytime or times from and af duty of 6 d. ter the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred Per ounce ind eighty-four, and which shall or ought to be touched, iflayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other luties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of six >ence for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater r less quantity:

To be paid by the importer, or makers or workers thereof espectively, as in and by this act is directed and prescribed.

II And) for the better and more effectual raising, levying, tol tfiitig, and payings the said duties her ein bej'ore granted, be it fur

her enacted, That the same, as far as relates to gold and i! The duties on er plate made or wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the Plate n|*!eln; overnment, care, and management of the commissioners for ^imder* he time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his the manage Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on damped ment of the ellutn, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part commission f them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to ers oi stamp # to appoint and employ such officers under them for that >urpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary; and to do all other acts, matters, and hings, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, mh relation to the said duties on gold and silver plate made r wrought in Great Britain, in the like, and in' as full and mple manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is uthorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being oncerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said duties by this ie duties on ft imposed upon wrought gold and silver plate to be imported, d to be nmicr lall be put under the care and management of his majesty's the manage

1. V of ment of the

C'ole

70? Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $3. [1784.

commissionert commissior*ers of the cu (loons in England, and Scotland ittyc* of customs. tively, and shall be raised, levipd, recovered, and paid, and J

be brought into the exchequer, (tq and for the.uses and purposes in this act expressed), by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and upder such penalties and forfeitures, and in sod manner and form, as the duties upon gilt and fibre wire imported, imposed by an act of the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any act of parliament relating thereto, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid.

From Dec. V WAND be it further enacted, That every working mid smith and silversmith, or other manufacturer of gpld or like shall send to whatsoever, who shall, at any time or times after the laud fid the a(tay of day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, fice, with, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, an; gold a ^eryi5arce' vcr ve^> pate or manufacture of gold or fibre whatfccrer, fitver a^rit recluir^d to be touched, allayed, and marked, by the cocnpaoj ten note; of goldsmiths in London, or the company of goldsmiths in Eh burgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by tin wardens and altayer or assayers at York, Exeter, briffiu Qxjbr % Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, shall from time to time send, with every parcel of such gold or silver, to the office of the said respective companies, cities, and places, a prticulara to note or memorandum fairly written 5 containing the day of the be specified month and year, the christian and surname of the worker or therein. maker, and place of his or her abode, and also all the (peats in such parcel of plate, and the number of each species, with the total weight of such pareel, and also the sum of moixj payable for the duty upon the total weight of such parcel j and also shall from time to time send, deliver, and pay, with every such pareel, to the officer belonging to such respective ify office who shall receive such parcel of gold or fibre solent to be touched, allayed, and marked, the duty by this act directed to be paid upon every such parcel of gold or silver h required to b? touched, assayed, and marked.

Plate bow to V And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their be marked, deputy assay mailer, weigher, or other person appointed by the said respective companies or allay officers, shall mark with the following new mark, that is to Cay, with the mark of the king's head, over and besides the several other marks dkefod by law, all and every such pieces or parcels of gold or silver Duties to be plate so sent to be touched, marked, and allayed $ and (hill, paid previous previous to the touching, marking, or allaying such gold ei so the mark jyvcr pja^c V manufa<fturc> alk, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and firot the person or persons whose property is io required to be touched, marked, and allayed, the lum of eight Shillings for every ounce of gold plate, or manufacture of gold, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be brought to the said respective allay offices to be touched, marked, ua. assayed as aforesaid j and alfq tfec sum of fixpvw for ever;

Goc.

7^4*f Afltio vicesimo quarto Georgii Iff. C 53- 7°3

umde^fitfver plate ot manufacture of silver, and foin pro

>ortiotf for any greater or less quantity, which shall bt brought

o tfietafd respective assay offices to be touched, marked, and

rflayed as aforesaid 5 and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid to

6 the person or persons bringing such plate or cnanufedure or

rid in default of receiving such duty, in manner aforesaid, such

tfyective companies or assay offices so touching, marking, or

tflaying such plate, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his

\z\t9 and successors, for the said duty, as if the same had ac

ually been by them received.

Vt And be it further enacted, That the assay matter, Assay maflerfc ewher. or other officer of the said respective companies

n. n r r__________duties and de

Weigher,

r assay offices, who shall, from time to time, from and after h^citthe note! he ftia first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and they receive, sghty four, take and receive the said moneys and duties, with daily, to the he said notes or memoranda, shall daily, as soon as he shall cjerk or acme entered the same in the book or books of the said respectcgttntont»

: ive companies or assay offices, deliver the said notes or memo "atidums, and pay the said sums of money and duties so by aim received, to the clerk or accountant 01 the said respective companies or assay offices, who shall file the same notes or nemorandums, and enter the same, and keep a true and faith.

il account in writing, in books to be kept for that particular lurpose, of the duties received by him under and by virtue of: his aft \ which said account shall at all times be open for the hfpedion of any person or persons duly authorised, under the tends and seals of the said of of the stamp duties,

>mhe major part of them, to insped the same.

VII. And whereas gold or silver wares, when sent to be marked vtd ajfriyedy are sent in so rude and rough a Jiate that the same in be finishing are greatly lessened in weighty be it therefore enacted,

That the person appointed by the said companies or assay ossian allowance

fcs to take and receive the moneys and duties by this act di of the

ested, shall, where such plate is sent to be marked and af j^sefer

'ayed in the same rude and rough state as heretofore has been goodt sent tn

usual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weight, and an be assayed in

illowanfce of one fifth part of the duty hereby imposed, to the rou£h

>erson or persons bringing the same; and shall, at the bottom

)f the note or memorandum herein before directed to be kept

ind filed, express the dedudion from the weight, and the al

owance of the duty accordingly: provided always. That

lothing herein contained shall extend to any allowance being

ttaefe on any quantity of silver plate or manufacture, less in

freight than one ounce troy, nor to any fradional part of ap

)unce. Gold or diver

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the aid fist day of December, one thousand seven hundred and n hghty four, no goldsmith, silversmith, or other person what be sold or ex roever, making or selling, trading or dealing in, gold or fil changed, or ttt wares, shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, in Great «p°rtdt '* Britain any gold or silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold Sy rts aft

or directed

on penalty of 50l.

and forfeiture of the goods.

Particular wares to which this act shall not extend.

it Geo. 1. f. 16.

Duty to be returned for all gold and Silver defaced for being coarser than the standard if no intended fraud shall appear).

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. [1784.

or silver whatsoever, made after the said first day of Doaskr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or export the same out of the kingdom of Great Britain, until such time u such vjeflel, plate, or manufacture of gold, (being of thdstand ard directed by law) and such vessel, plate, or manufai&uft of diver, (being likewise of the standard directed by law) (has be marked with the new mark herein before directed, (that if to say), The king's head, over and besides all other touts already directed by law to be marked or impressed thefcoo, upon pain that every such goldsmith, silversmith, or otherper son so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pa; the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and disposed of 2$ herein after is directed; and for default of not paying dqwntk penalty upon conviction, shall be committed by the court, ia which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place where convkted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of one year, por less than six months, pr until payment be made of the said forfeiture; and also upon pain that such gold and silver vessel, plate, and manufacture of gold and silver, which shall be sold, exchanged, or exposed to faje, without having the mark thereon as by (his aeft is directed, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's Majesty^ his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall sue for the fatlie.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this aeft contained shall extend to any jewellers works, that is to say), any gold or silver wherein any jewels or other stones are or shall be (et (other than mourning rings), norm pny jointed night earrings of gold, or gold springs of Sockets, nor, to compel any of the wares of gold or silver to be slipped or marked with the stamp or.mark directed by this aff, which are particularly excepted in the a made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An a fi for lit Infix preventing frauds and abufs in gpld and fiver wares.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when any parcel of gold or silver shall in any of the respective assay offices aforesaid be found to be of a coarser allay than the respective standards, and shall be cut, broken, and defaced, then, and in such case (and where no intended fraud shall appear) the duty granted by this aff, and which shall have been paid upon every such parcel upon the delivery thereof to be astayed, shall be returned to the worker or maker by the companies or assay offices who shall cut, break, or deface suck gold or silver work or manufacture so brought to be touched, aflaved, and marked j and the said companies and assay offices mall make an entry in the books herein before dire^j to be kept by them of the species and weight of each parcel so cut, broken, and defaced by them, and the names of the persons to whom such gold and silver ^iatp did belong, and the amount of th; duty so returned.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53: C J

XI. And in order to prevent any injury to the manvfaflwrm of New duties old and silver plate and for the better encouragement of the expor Pai<* for plite ation thereof be it enacted, That, in case any person or persons back on^11 whatsoever, shall, at any time or times after the said first day of portadon December one thousand seven hundred and eighty four during thereof, he continuance of the duties by this act imposed upon wrought late, or manufactures of gold and silver, export by way of nerchandize for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or (liver wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by this, alt s charged or chargeable with the said respective duties of eight billings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same shall ppear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the aid first day of December, one thousand seven hundred an ighty four, and the duty hereby directed shall have been paid hereon, and shall give sufficient security before the shipping hereof for exportation, that the particular quantities bf such, or manufactures of gold or silver intended to be extorted as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall pot be reland*

; d or brought again into Great Britain, and shall make proof, ipon path, that the same gold or silver plate, or manufactures were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first lay of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,

which securities flh^ll be taken in the King's name, and to his ife, and the fiudpaths shall be administered, by the customer ar collector of the respective port for such exportation; and and shall also produce and deliver to such customer or collector a certificate, under the hand of, the person to whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and silver were consign id, certifying that the same have been received, and mention ng the weight and particular species of plate so consigned and -

eceived, the name of the person consigning the same, the,

lame of the vessel, and the name of the captain commanding such vessel, and the port of Great Britain from which the said vessel was cleared, and the port to which such vessel was bound; and shall also, where the drawback shall amount to five pounds and upwards, authenticate such certificate by a notprial all in writing; and where the same cannot be done by a notorial all, then the same shall be authenticated under the hand and seal erf

he chief magistrate of the city, town, or place where such wrought plate or manufahure ot gold and silver shall be received; that then, and in every such case, the said customer or collector shall give, to the exporter thereof a debenture, expressing the true kinds and quantities of such plate and manufactures or jold or silver so exported, or Shipped to be exported; and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty on plate, upon the said debenture so certified being produced to him, shall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight Shillings for every ounce troy, and proportion ably for any greater or less quantity, of such plate or manufahure of gold, and after the rate of fixpenice for every, o ounce

Jo 6 Anno vicesimo tpurtcr gcolttnrhf. e.

cone troy, and proportionably for any greater or 1«& quawfev, of such plate or manufacture of silver, out of the money of tie, said duties on plate or manufactures of go Wand silver then hi the hands of the said receiver or collector, without fteertel ward 5 and if the said receiver car collector shall not have moon I in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the receiver gets enl 1 of the lamp duties for the time, is hereby required to pay, er cause to be paid, the said debenture out of atiy of the duets arising by this act, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And, toe better to prevent thefraodulent relan&ngefer plate in this kingdom after the drawback bat been paid and atkwti for the same, it is hereby further enacted by the authority afmt wrought, That, all wrought gold and silver plate which shall be ia pltte intended tended to be exported from this kingdom into any fortig! for expomti parts, before the same is shipped for that purpose, shall be brought by the owner or proprietor thereof to theafdw office, olice and y an^stamped or marked with the figure or a Thu marked withstannia, in order to denote that such plate is entered msd'io a Britannia, tended for exportation, and to be allowed the drarwbad thereon.

Gerk See. of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk or account the go'ldtiniths eat of the company of goldsmiths in Lotiien dull, on the company, twentyrfifch day of December, one thousand seven hundred and within two eighty-four, or within two months after, deliver to the fiid*g( of of stamp duties, or some person or peribas to deliver to*' authorised by them at the head office to receive the same, tree the commifli copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept, for the eros ft amp quarter which (lial I be completed before such day of deli very, and acmuntsfojf the same time shall pay all such sum and sums of money which (hs8 the preceding have been received oh account of the said duties before thefiud quarter; twenty-fifth day of December; and from thenceforth shall, foae, f time within two months after the twenty-fifth day of Added,

thenceforth be twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of septen within two ber, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, or at months after such other times, after the expiration of the said; two month!, every quarter as may be appointed by the major part of the said commhsoft <uy, Kc. erj^stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days, or more, by advertisement in the London Gatstttt, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said commissioners, er to the person or persons appointed by them far the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office of the said commifioa ers, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such derks or accountants of the said respective companies or assay offices, for the quarter which shall be completed before and shall nay^delivery, or notice, as the case shall be; and, at the moneys 'the same time; shall pay such sum and sums which shah appear due thereon, to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time to the receiver being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer appointed to receive the said duties; for uac* use of Majesty, his heirs and fcccdlbrs, at the said head

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5$? joy

office s upon pain of forfeiting, for every default in not deli rering true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred ott

pounds; and for every default in payment of the moneys due on fitch accounts, double the amount of the money so due and payable at the time of such default.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their wardens, or ieputiesj or the clerk or accountant, or other person appointed other person o receive the duty hereby imposed, by the goldsmiths company appointed by it Edinburgh, or by the companies of Birmingham and ^tnnlnvalt

r the respective assay offices at Tori, Exeter, Edinburgh,

Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, or other cities or places C within where any assay office shall or may be established, shall, on the tw0 months: wenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ^i'efi*: ighty four, or within two months after, deliver to the head vertothe liftributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and head distrf: or the city or county in which such companies or assay offices bn for of shall be established, or to the person or persons duly authorised m.d. commissioned under the hands and leals of three of the said accounts for torhmissioners for lamp duties to receive such accounts, and the preceding: he money due thereon, true copies of the accounts herein be quarter;

[ore directed to be kept by such companies or assay offices re pedfively, and which shall, on the said twenty-fifth day of Dernier, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or within [wo months after, be otitstanding, or to be accounted for under his ad, and shall, at the same time, pay all the moneys which hall have been received by them respectively on account of the aforesaid duties, before the said twenty-fifth day of December; m.d. from thenceforth shall, sometime within two months after and from he twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June,

; he twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of Months December, in every year, or at such other times after the exacter every piration of the said two months as maybe appointed by the quarter day, iiead distributor, or the person or persons so to be authorised to C

eceive the said duties, giving a previous notice of fourteen lays or more, by advertisement in the London, or in

he newspaper, it any such there be, published in and for the; ounty where such head distributor resides, deliver, or cause to ae delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or persons aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein before direct: d to be kept by such companies or assay offices, for the quarter which mall be completed before such day of delivery, or lotice, as the case shall be; and, at the same time, shall pay to jfl(j fta|j __ bch head distributor, or other person or persons so to be au the monin homed as aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to due thereon, e due upon such accounts; under the penalty of forfeiting, for to the receiver tvery default in not delivering such accounts, the sum of fifty samp*duties, pounds; and for every default in payment of the moneys due penalty on n such accounts, double the amount of the said moneys due default.

n the bid account at the time of such default.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said receiver gene An allowance ral of the stamp duties, at the bead office, and the said head to be made to

distri

r

M

the cleik*4cc« for their trouble

From 1784, any pc^ton who shall counter feita&y Ibmp to be used in pursuance of this act;

j&opq wccgmo quarto giorjgjixlf. f

distributor of stamped vellum, parchment, and pag?r» pr arias person or persons duly appointed by thd major part dc the cud of of lamp duties to receive the duties by this act; imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every th derisj accountants, or other person or persons so appointed by such companies or assay offices respectively, for their trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out fgch account at is herein before directed, at and after the rate of sixpence mite pound out of the moneys by them regularly accounted paid to such receiver-general, or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the dke&ioos herein before contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore That if any person whatsoever, from and after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, (hast cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to he cast, forged, or counterfeited, the mark or (lamp used, or directed to be ufrd in pursuance of this act, for the marking or damping of gold or silver plate by the company of goldsmiths in Lonisn of burgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, or by the wardens, or assayer or assayers at York Exeter, brijiolx Chefor, nor wichy or Newcastle upon Tyne or by any maker or worker 01 gold or silver plate, or arty or either of them; or shall call, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be cast, forged or counterfeited, any mask, (lamp, or irrtpression, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, (lamp, or impression, made or to be made with any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in lcn3&u, or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield company, by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any

or

or fkalt fbrmp arty wrought plate, Stc. with any counter felted stamp;

of shall remove from one piece of wrought plate, see. to'another, any stamp to b used by the said companies or aifay* ers, C

by

maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any wares of brass or other base metal silvered or gilt over and resembling plate of gold or silver, with any mark or (lamp whlqh hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at arty time either before, on, or after the ford first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in imitation of, or to refenhbfe any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed From one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metaj as aforesaid, any mark, (lamp, or inipression, made or to be made by or with any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldfrnitbs in London or Edinburgh. or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; of shall fell, ef '

change

orexpofeto sale, or kxport out of this kingdom, any*'^' Vrrbught

a«no vicesimo quafto g&ofcgti III d jr "

wrought plate of gold pr filler, or any vessel of such base metal r Atll fen or" as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, (lamp,

7t icnprctson thereon, or any mark, (lamp, or impression which ^vuch hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other counterfeit aiece of plate, knowing such mark, (lamp, or impression, to be stamp thereon urged, counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid j or halt wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any mark or tamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in mitatipu of, and to referable any mark or (lamp used or to be ifed as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham and Sheffield companies,

r by the said wardens, or a(tayer or attayers, or by any maker or voider of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; every shall fusses uch person offending in any such or either of the cases afore death*Wing thereof lawfully corivisted, shall bfe adjudged guilty*lon. if felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit ofrgy.

xvii i\hd be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe Penalties lahies hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in man to be divided, icr following 5 that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong

0 his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and iho other moiety hereof, with full colls off suit, to the person or persans who hall inform or fur for the same, in any of his majesty's courts t Westminster, for offences committed, in England, Wales, or hr uni upon Tweed, or in his majesty's court of exchequer in Gotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

'herein no essoin, protection, privilege wager of law, or more lan one imparlance, shall be alowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be "hat the duties herein before granted shall be paid from time paid to the) time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being fthe duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who duties, and by tall keep a fe pa rate and distinct account of the duties, and pay him paid into le same, the necessary charges of raising, paying and account the exchequer g for the same being deducted into the receipt of the exche uer, at such time, and in such manner as the duties now larged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direct

1 to be paidj Sind in the office of the auditor of the said re Auditor to ript there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in provide a hich all the moneys arising from, the said duties, and paid into book, in

ie said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart om all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs entered id successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said mo separate fro»u: y so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore all others, id, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities. Application id alt such other charges, and expenses as are directed to be there°h tid and payable, purfuam to an of this present session of rliafnent, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by ay of annuitiii, Qpd for establishing a lottery, 'Uefendants

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per may plead iiu Vet. XXXIV B b b fons, serai iilw,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.' [1784.

Ions, bodies politic or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be (ued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them date or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any claafe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIV.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign oft King William the Thirds intituled An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties i and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the eleventh mi twelfth years of the reign oft his late majesty King William the 1*C i*4reck ttird) (entitled, An act to enable justices of peace to boiw and 4 9$*repair gaols in their respective counties,) it is enacted, That it

jhau. and may be lawful for the justices of thepeace, or the greater number of them, within the limits of their commissions, upon projernment made by the grand jury or grand juries, at the affixes, great feffiuif, and general gaol delivery, of the insufficiemy or tnconveniency of their gad or prism, to conclude and agree upon such ftm or Jims of money ss, upon examination of able and efficient workmen, shall be thought nr eessary for the building, finishing, or repairing a publici gad or gaols belonging to the county whereof they are justices of the peace, and to charge such sum or sums of money upon the several hundreds, or other divisions of the county; and whereas it has been found difficult to carry the said act into execution; whereby the gads, in many counties, divisions, ridings, cities, towns, liberties, or precincts, have eaktmued ra very ruinous ft ate fora confederate time, and have become prejudicial to the health of the prisoners and insufficient for the safe custedy of them; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mok excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par fromsept, i, lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ttiat, 17*4, the juf* from and after the first day of September, one thousand ferax tices infer hundred and eighty*four, it shall and may be lawful for the hons, through justices of peace in and for every county, riding, division, and Wales) clty, town, liberty, or precin&, within England 5hd Wales, at upon present their respective general quarter feisons of the peace, oc thetna ment by the jor part of the said justices then and there assembled, such major grand jury, part not being in number less than (even, upon prefernmen:

rountygaols made ty the grand jmry or grand Jurics* at the

to be rebuilt sessions, or general gaol delivery, held for every such county,

er enlarged. riding

V -

7x0

and recover treble costs.

[Preamble.]

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 711

riding, division, city? town, liberty, or precin#, of the in sufficiency, inconveniency, or want of repair, of any gaol belonging to such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, 'or precin#, to contract and agree with any person or persons for the building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, or enlarging such gaol, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof, and adding such other buildings, and making such conveniences as shall be adjudged requisite by the said justices, at a certain sum, payment, or allowance for the same $ or for ere#ing any new gaol, upon any fcite or ground within any distance not exceeding two miles from the fcite of the old gaol, and in that case for selling the old gaol, and the fcite thereof, and land thereto belonging, or any part thereof respectively, and also the materials of the old gaol, for the best price that can be procured for the same; such contractor or contractors giving sufficient security, for the due performance of their contracts or agreements, to the respective clerks of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin# aforesaid.

JL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That justices to the said justices of the peace, after such presentment made as give pubilck aforesaid, shall, at the next general quarter sessions to be held n.ot*ce Pre. such county, riding, division city, town, liberty, or pre takinvpre* cin#, give notice, three times at least, in some public paper or fentments papers circulating in or near such county, riding, division, city, into confi town, liberty, or precin#, of such presentment having been der^tien>&c* made, and of their intention to take the same into consideration at the next ensuing, or some following general quarter sessions*after such consideration shall have been had, the said justices shall give notice in such public paper or papers as aforesaid, of their intention of contracting with any person or persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, qr enlarging suck gaol, as aforesaid, and of every other matter or tiling intended to be done in consequence of such presentments; and such contra or contracts shall be made and entered into at the most reasonable rates, and with the most responsible persons; and every such contractor shall give sufficient security for the due performance of his contra, to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#; Contracts to and all contracts when made, and all orders relating thereto, be entered m shall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk of the peace, a book. who is hereby required to keep the same, among the records of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, to be inspe#ed at all seasonable times by any of the said justices, or by any other person or persons contributing to the rates of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, without fee or reward.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Justicfsmay shall and may be lawful for the said justices of he peace to build a new build any new gaol in any part of the county, riding, divssion, stof the city, town, liberty, or precin#, in case (in the presentment county sc B b b 2 made

7 it Anno vicesimo quarto Georg nih. C 54. ^1784.

if the pre made of the inconvenience of such old gaol) it be expfefshtprv

tvntfnent fertted, that the place wherein the old gaol is situate iyimpjo

points out the an(j that the said gaol ought to be removed to same other aiu>n°of thcu* Part county, ^rfding, division, city, town, liberty, or pre m one. cinct; and in case three fourths in number of the justices aflein bled at two successive quarter sessions (notice having been given three rhymes at least, in some public newsp3per circulating as aforesaid, of the time of the holding, 'and of the place to which such gaol is intended to Be removed) shall approve of such removal, but not otherwise.

New gaols to V And be it further enacted, That the kid justices 0? the

to pcacr> as well in the choice of the ground, as in determining

vnti apart*the plans for building, rebuilding, enlarging, or altering meats. such gaols as aforesaid, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof,

shall, as far as conveniently may be, pursue such measures, and adopt such plans, as shall provide separate and distinct places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, in which the several prisoness of the following descriptions respectively maybe confined, as well by day as by night; namely, prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge or suspicionof felony; prisoners committed for, or adjudged to be guilty of, misdemeanors only; and debtors; the males of each cfafs to be separated from the females^and a separate place of confinement to be provided for such prisoners as are intended to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of any indictment for felony; and asso, separate infirmaries, or sick wards, for the men and the women; and also a chapel, and convenient warm and cold baths, or bathing tubs, for the ale of the prisoners, in such manner as is directed by an aftmadein 14 Geo. 3. C the fourteenth year of the reign of his present^majesty, intiru 59' led, An act for preserving the health of prisoners in gad, cni inventing

the gaol distemper; and care to be taken that thcprilbn ers shall not be kept in any apartments underground.

V. And whereas the gaols within and belonging to fn % eral (suniiti, ridings, divifons, cities, roums, liberties, and precinth, end tit yards, courts, and outlets thereof are very final!, CL ft, and csnfiud and such gaols are thereby rendered very unhealthy, from the impcfr bivvy of accommodating the unhappy per fans confined therein with; fuffiiicnt supply of fresh air, water, and other necesshry e&venimti] justices may be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices unds^h* f (aer preferment made as aforesaid) shall have full povyerand C toren authority to purchase any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, Urging and hereditaments, ways, waters, and watercourses, for the purpose accom.nouat of building, enlarging, and accomodating such gaols; and to inggaou. direct the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditament, easements, and privileges, which (half have been so purchakd as aforesaid, to be conveyed to such person or persons is the said justices shall rhink fit, in trust and for the tjfes and purposes aforesaid; such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when enclosed and added thereto, shall be deem

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54* 71$

ed and token to be a part of such gaols, and to be part of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, cr precinct, where such gaol is situated, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoners may

tkat. when ever the said justices of the peace, in their said ge Ud

neral quarter sessions assembled, shall deem it necessary that the ane felons, debtors, and other prisoners, shall be removed, cither gaol, or re for the purpose of repairing their old gaol, or using the materi pairing the als thereof in building a new aol, on giving sufficient notice to Won.

the sheriff of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, qt precin#, it shall and may be lawful for the said sheriff to re

such felons, debtors, and other prisoners to the house or houses of correction belonging to such county, riding, division, 1

city, tow, n, liberty, or precin#, or such other place or places of confinement as the said justices so assembled as aforesaid, with the conlenf of the said sheriff, shall approve of, and to confine them there during the time such new gaol shall be building?, or old gaol repairing or enlarging, and that when such gaol shall be made fit for the reception and safe keeping of such felons, tlefitors, and other prisoners, then it shall be lawful for the said fhetiff to remove thither all such felons, debtors, and other prisoners as shall then be in his custody; the expense of such removal or removals to and from such place or places of confinement, and the expense which may be incurred by the said sheriff on account of the safe custody of such prisoners in such boufeof correction, or other place or places, shall be allowed and paid by such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty,

or predin#; and such removal or removals as aforesaid shall, otto^ova nqt.he deemed or taken to be an escape; provided that nothing deemed an herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to dil escape charge the sheriff or gaoler from being answerable for the au escape of any prisoner in his custody.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quarter ftfl» that the justices of the peace, in their respective general quar may ap ter sessions assembled, are hereby authorised to nominate and appoint one or more justice or justices of the peace of and for county gaols, their respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns, liber ami to report, ties, or prccincls, to visit and superintend the gaols thereunto tjj* belonging, and from time to time to make a report of the state thereof to the court of the said general quarter sessions; court is hereby authorised, upon such report, to order and dire any sum or ftims of money, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds in any one year, to lie laid out upon the repair or repairs of such gaols, as thejf shall deem requisite, (notwithstanding such want of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury or grand juries, at the assizes, great sessions, pr general gaol delivery, for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, as aforesaid)'; and if it shall at any Accidental time happen that the said gaols, or any of them, by any breach damages m y being made in the same, from attempts of prisoners to escape, order^ota by jr quver casualties or accidents, shall be rendered unsafe for the justjcc,

B bb 3 custody

7*4

Expenc?* of rebuilding or repairing county gaols, bow to be defrayed.

11 Geo. «. C

Anno vicesimo quarto gso&aii HIO. 54; f 1 ffy.

custody of the prisoners therein confined, between the fiscal times of holding the general quarter feffioas, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, to order the damages occasioned thereby to be itpmedi^fely so far repaired as may be oeceflary and fufikient for the safe custody of fodi prisoners and such justice or justices shall report the same to the next court of general quarter sessions to be holdea for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, which court is hereby authorised to order the payment of such sins or sums of money as shall have been necessarily expended in such reparation or reparations as aforesaid.

VIII. And, in order to defray the expends of buildings rebutii* ing, finijbingi repairings or enlarging such gaols s and the yards, courts, and outlets thereto belonging as aforesaid, and of purebufing houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, orpri vileges, and other the expenses necessary for the execution of this cq; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such cases where such gaols are repaired at the expetice of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, 10 which the same belong, the justices of the t>cace, at their general quarter, sessions, may and shall cause such sum of money as shall be necessary for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same manner as rates are di reded to be raised by two acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the

*9, ijgto. 2. reign of his Jate majesty King George the Second, for the more c'i?* easy assessmgs collectings and levying of county rates.

IX. And whereas the expenses of buildings rebuilding, enlarging or removing and sitting up gaols, may in same cases become very r thenfome on the occupiers of land, and other the contributors to the county rates, in case the said expenses Should be raised in the manner herein-before. mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That wheo it shall appear that the amount of any estimate approved by the

iur uu.iuiu justices for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing enlarcing"&c. and sitting up any gaol or gaols, upder the powers of this act, shall be very shall exceed one half of the amount of the ordinary annual afieff* high, the juf* ment for t|)c county rate for any county, riding, diviuoa, city, rn^y morr^ge town fiberty* or precind, (such ordinary assessment to be taken the rates, con a mean proportion of the said rate for the last five years preceding), that then, and in such case, it shall and may b lawful for the justices of the peace, within the respective limits of their commissions, so assembled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take up, on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by instruments in the form contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like effect, any sums not less than fifty pounds, nor exceeding>ae hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as tp them, or the major part of them, (such major part not being less than five), shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid; and to secure all and every suck sum and sums of money so borrowed, upon the credit of the rates to be raised

upon

When the amount of any estimate for building,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.' 715'

upon firth county, riding, division, city town, liberty, and prectrta respectively; and the said justices foassembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any person or perform for the loan of any such sum or sums of money, and by their order to confirm and establish every such agreement as Agreements. aforesaid; and every such agreement so established by such or by order erf the der, and signed by the chairman and two or more justices pre Jby the#chsr sent at the time of making such order, shall be, and the same man, See. " is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the person or to be aneffec*. persons so advancing any sum or sums of money, his, her, or tua security. their executors, administrators, and assigns, all and every such sum or sums of money, with interest for the same, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respectively shall be for that purpose stipulated; copies or extraas of all such agreements or securities shall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the custody of the re cords of the quarter sessions of such county, riding, division, city, sown, liberty, or precina respectively 5 and all and every person and persons to whom any such security or securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby secur edj is and are hereby empowered (by indorsing his, her, or their name or names on the back of such security or securities) Securities may to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their right to be^transfer the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any rcd# person or persons; and every such assignee may in like manner transfer the same again, and so toties quoiies; and the person or persons to whom such security or securities, or any such assignment thereof, shall be made, and his or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be creditors upon the said rates in an equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respea to the priority of any moneys io advanced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said justices are 1*0 whatex hereby authorised and required, not only to charge the rates rfnt the iuf* to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, chargttl liberty, or precina, with the interest of the money so borrowed county rates, on such securities, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at Jeaft to the sum so charged for the interest of such securities; which said sums (halt be assessed on such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precina, in such manner as county rates are direaed to be assessed by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direaion of the said justices, in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such money will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which such securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; the said justices are repaired to fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessments m due time, so as to provide for the regular payment A regular ac thereof and they are hereby required to appoint a proper per ^tcrcctiaa

B b b 4 son

\6 Anna vicesi*rk>quaitd<xeo

hook ofur« son 1q keep an exadk and regular account ofam the rectapw* ia^menta un g'ft^ u*der die auttwriiy of thi* a boofcnoc

dtrtliuaq* books, separate and, apart from all other accoami, and tb*same to adjust and feule in such manner that it^msiy eafilybe / faen what interest is growing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and what remains due; and the said hoek Or books so adjusted and settled, to dulirer into court ateverjp general or quarter fejcoot to be held for any such county, which shall he riding, civilian, city, town, liberty, or precin&*zmftfceind impeded by justices aye required, at every such sessions, carefuljyttrinfpetk every^fessioni such accounts, and make orders for carrying the feveraipur 4c. y9pose of this aci into execution, in such manner as to thcor thaii kern meet; and if at any time it shall appear to the said jmi ttoes, that the person so appointed has neglected the ibid ureter, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the moneyriohis hands to the purposes hereby directed, such person jfr?4i forfeit double the amount of the money which shall not have keen applied to the purposes of this act; andrthe said judices, fa assembled in session as aforesaid, shall direct in what order suck securities shall be thfeharged, by drawing Jots, or otherwise^as vthey shall, think fit, 'hrft discharging all such securities which (frail bear the highest interefh: V r

Money bor -

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted That the [hu aato be juices the peace, in their respective quarter session, (hath paid withm a and they ate hereby required to make provisians by meanrrtf touted time, the rates (which they are hereby authorised to tnake), and by*their erders and directions (which they are hereby authorised to give), in such manner, that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of tins aft (had be fully paid and tid charged, within a time to be, limited, not exceeding fourteen years (ropi the time of borrowing' the same.

Bodies poli XU. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may. be f«n*ai^con^hwful for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs wad. foe yeylands, C ceflors, and forabodies politic and corporate, and aitofar*all guardians, committees, husbands, truiiees, and zttomw,

of any person or persons being? infants, lunatrcks, idiots*mdc* (overture, or any other disabihry, and slfo foratt other persons who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in; any froufesv buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafementt,

or privileges, which shall bp deemed necessary for the purposes f this gcj, to ccfutraisk or agree for, and to sell, convey, and a fibre such houses, buildings, landsr «teheinealt hereditaaienis, eafenents, and privileges, unto such person or persons asfbau be named by the justices, in trufl, and for the purpose of eieding new gaols, or enlarging the oki gaols and the yards, (ourts, and outlets thereunto belonging; and all such controls, agreements, foies, conveyances, and afluranefcs, shall be valid qnd cffcdlqal in law, to, all intents and purposes whatsoever* any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the totttrary notwftfc* Purclnfe mo standing.

XIII. And be it further eq*<9ed, That ah fuou of akxjpf

i 7«4.f atoa<pv^efi«e^t)*rtot5ioil<sli III of.54. which ihafl1 bd agreed to e aid tatty corporation, guardian; £ the). to cotrinmtee^r|imitand, 'trustee, 'WP ahorney, for or on behalf of any Infants, Itmaiicks, idiots, femes coverr, r cestuique trust, |part(j, # &cr prto my other person or person whose houses, buildings, lands, subject to the tenements; hereriitarmrtts, easements, and privileges, shall be same uffcs. See, banted in Arid settlentent, for the purchase of any such lands, tenementse, and hereditaments, shall, in case such sums of money (halhexceed. the sum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by. _ such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or qttorraes, or any person or persons seized of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri tileges; so limited in drill settlement, as soon as conveniently may be; in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in see Ample, to be conveyed to or to the use of such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attoranes, and to and for such person or persons, and for such estate and estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such uses, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the housesj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respell whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited; settled, and allured, at the time such purchase or contrail shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effect; the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the other expenses relating to the gaol; and And until wtthe mean time, and till such purchase or purchases shall be such purchase made, such money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed ar the (urn of one hundred pounds, shall be laid out by such cor u^out in go potations, or other persons for the time being irtterested therein, vernmenuc uvfbme government securities, in the names of two persons curitiei* one to be nominated by the party or parties for the time being imerefled therein, and the other by the justices aforesaid; and the interest anting from such securities shall he paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the.rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, caiements, and privileges, in case the lame hard not been sold, or tboedd for the time being be entitled to the tents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such corpora If the parties lions, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attor ^u^ctolrcatt lues, or any person. or persons for the tilde being interested in C any such house, buildings, lands, tenements; hereditaments, ealemepta, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposefs of building or enlarging any such gaol, and other the purposerof this all, upon notice In writing to him, her, or them, given, or left at the house or houses, or other place or places of abode of such person or persons, 6rof the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or left as aforesaid fecglea pr refttfe to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as

71? Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 54/ [1784.

shall be offered by the justices or (heir agent, or shall othenrifc not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tene meats, hereditaments, eafemenrs, or privileges, or if, by redbn of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and in every such case, the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions, or any two or more the value to of them appointed for that purpose, shall cause the value of be ascertained such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, case by a jury, ments, and privileges, to be inquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, diviftoo, city, town, liberty, or precinct, wherein the same shall be situatedj and to that end shall Summon and oall before such jury, and examine upon oath ( which oath any one or more of such justices of the peace is and are hereby empowered to administer) any person or persons whomsoever j and such justices of the peace, or any (wo of them, shall, by ordering a view, or otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of themfchres and of such jury in the premises; when fadi jury shall have inquired of and ascertained the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and priii legcs, the said justices of the peace shall thereupon order that the fora or sums whiph shall so appear to be the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in such manner as is herem betorc directed touching the money to be paid for such houses, busings. lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for tale whereof the person or persons interested shall contract verdict of and agree in manner aforesaid j which verdi or ii^uifiboo, &c«tobc and order, shall be fifed of recast! by the clerk of the peace, or other officer having the custody of the records of the said corn ty, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or predndt, and shallba final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against all parries and persona whomsoever claiming, or to claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, these heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, tana ticks, idiots, and persons under coverture, or any other disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, hot bands, trustee?, and auornres, or any other person or perfeos whom soever.

XV. And far the summmng and nturning fmb juritj, be it further enacted, That such justices of the peace, or any tvs of them, may issue their warrant or warrants to the (henffor bailiff of any particular county, riding, division, xity, town, liberty, or precindf, within the limits of which the houses, build ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, j shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, furnmon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty-four persons, qsoii&d w serve on juries, to appear before the said justices or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrantor wamntf shall be appointed; and such sheriff or bailiff is and ace hereby required to impannel, furnmon, and mum such number of

How the jury shall be sum atoned.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 719,

persons accordingly, and, out of the persons so impanelled, sum loned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear poa such summons, the justices of the peace, or any two of lem, shall, 'and they are hereby empowered and required to raw by bailot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men,

'hb shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and, in de

urit of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the said

rcriff or bailiff shall take such other honed and indifferent men

f the by sanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend

bat service, to make up the rtumbefr twelve; and all persons" Jurymen may

oncerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of thet be challenged.

lid jurymen When they come to be sworn: the said justices justices may

f the peace, or any two of them, shall have power from time fine the he

3 time to impose a fine or fines on such sheriff or bailiff, or his riff, baihff.&c,

eputy or deputies, making default in the premises, and on any CF

the persons who shall be fammoned and returned on such jury, nd who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be worn on the said jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or hall not give a verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully iegle<ft his or their duty therein 5 and also on any person who, ring summoned and required to give evidence before the said jry, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall re use to be sworn or to give evidence, so that no such fine be nore than ten pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on nyone person for one offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any jury shall Expenses of; ive in and deliver a verdict for mote money, as the value of jury»&c how jch houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease t°bcdefrayed. rtents, or privileges, so to be purchased, than what shall have

een offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the feacfc, or cheir agent, to any person capable of contracting for he same, the costs and expenses of summoning and maintain ng the jury and witnesses shall be born and paid out of the ame fund as the expenses of the buildings to be creded therein; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no nore, or for hrfs money, than the money which shall have been a offered by such justices of the peace, or their agent, then the V ofts and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury nd witnesses shall be born and paid by the person or persons nth whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of ach houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease nents, or privileges, shall arise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of On payment be money so ordered to be paid, for the purchase of such houses, of purchase uildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri

ileges, or (upon refusal or inability to receive the same) leav justices may ng the same in the hands of such personas the justices in their take possession [uarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thereof, ititled thereto; or in case of the said party or parties not being 0 be found, then, upon notice to be published in some paper or papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, division,

city.

fto

divided into several rid

ingh

Anno viptsimo quarto qeor^ii IIL C j^i 7$*«

city, town, liberty or precinct, where suchgaoj is to he tuilt or enlarged, of the payment or investmerit of Inch putchifc mbney, the said. lands, tenements, hereditaments, ^etoavs, and privileges so purchased, shall vest'in the perfoa or^!er(aiu

1; who shall be authorised to take and hold the same by yxrrifc cf

V this 2&9 for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawfolfot

- >*the justices, or any two of them, their workmen or aggats;

tp enter upon and take possession of, and make ue of (bcb houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments* eafetneot>, artd privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all facii

Serfbns and parties who were the'owners or occupiers thereof, lall be deeded of all t ight and title in and to the same, ard every part thereof.

XVIII. And whereas, in several counties in England, there m fiveral and fijlinfl commxffions of justices of the peace for the ffvcri ridings or divisions into which such counties are divided, and feverd and difiinll courts of sessions of the peace are held for each of fine ridings or divisions respectively and in such counties there are net am courts of general or quarter sessions held for the whole count] ct Claoferelative large; be it therefore enacted, That in all such counties as afore tothoje coun fa^shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace in ties which are nj for such Several ridings or divisions respectively, and they are hereby required, at the general quarter sessions which shall beholden next after such preferment of the gaol fhatttiave been made as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint three or wor$ Justices of the peace in and for such riding or division for whkh such general quarter sessions shall be held, which said justices of the peace, so nominated and appointed by each of such ridings or divisions, are hereby authorised and required, within one Calendar month after such nomination and appointment as aforesaid, (due notice thereof having been previcrufly given ta such justices, by the clerk of the peace of such dtvifibns rdpec lively), to meet and assemble at such gaol which shall hive been so presented as aforesaid; and the said justices of the peace, or the major part of them, then there assembled, (such major part not being kfs than five in number), shall hold a special jeflion; at the said gaol, for the purpose of receiving plans, and ctrn tradling for the building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering, such gaol, and the yards, courts and outlets thereto belonging, under the like restrictions, and subject to the like regulations, as are herein-before by this at made and provided for such counties as are not divided into such ridings or divisions, in manner as aforesaid; the said la ft meat toned justices of the peace shall make their report to the general quarter fiflions of the peace of such ridings or divisions respectively, of the several plans, estimates, and contrails, which (halt mt been made and entered into in manner aforesaid, and alfor a report of the sum or sums of money necessary to be Caised and levied on each riding or division, as their quota of proportion of the expense to be incurred on the several accounts aforesam; jyhich said sum or sums of money shall be raised and levied on

784.i Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5'4« il

ach tiding ordfyifion, in like manner as county rates are now aised ^ndjcvied. r

xijc Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no nojuftieca# jfticeuof jbe peace who (hal), under the authority of this ain under this o.any matter pr thing in the execution hereof, shall be capable inanr

f, having any beneficial interest or concern whatsoerery either coatra#) icet histovyn name, or in the name of any other person in trust if him tp any contra or agreement to be made under the uthorijy of this a, or shall, for any defiga or plan he may eliyqr or produce, receive any benefit or emolument whatever.

And whereas the preventing gaolers from selling any liquors, r deriving fifty profit from the Jale of liquors, may be a great means f preventing drunkenness, riots, and other dxforders in gaols, and of reserving good order therein; and it may be proper to give sufficient wuer and authority to the justices of the peace in their sessions, in ertain cases, to allow salaries to gaolers, in lieu of the profits which ire now derived from the sale of liquors; be it therefore cna#ed,

That, from and after the said first day of September, one thou From Star,

and seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful Justices,

Of the justices of the peace of any county, riding, division,

nfy, town, liberty, ^or precin#, within that part of Great Bri gaoler, in

\oin called England, or the principality of (Vales, at the general fieu of profit

juarter felons of the peace, or forae special adjournment of

lie same held for such express purpose, and they are hereby [ ors

tuthorized and empowered, if it shall appear to them necessary

r proper, to appoint such salaries or allowances to such gaolers

tnd their assistants, in the several gaols within their respective

urifdi#ions, and to vary the same, from time to time, as to

hem shall seem meet; and to order and directhe said salaries County tics

m.d. allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the trea farer to pay

hirer of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or the salarie,

precin#, upon a certificate, signed by the chairman of such

quarter sessions, specifyixig the salaries and allowances so directed to be made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not Chairman of De lawful for any chairman of any quarter sessions or adjourn the Mien mept thereof, to sign such certificate for such salaries or allow

ances to be granted under this a, unless such salaries or allow an^fuc^piw woes shall have been settled at some general quarter sessions of m/nt, unleu: he peace, or some special adjournment thereof, and notice shall the Hilaries lave been given fourteen days at least before the holding such h*veheenieu 'eneral quarter sessions, or such adjournment thereof, by two ncrafq^fter several advertisements inserted in (ome newspaper printed and feflioiu, &€ arculated in the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty,

r precin#, in which such gaols are situated, and where such fa aries or allowances are to be granted to the gaolers, of an in ended application for the granting such salaries or allowances;

vhiclv said advertisements shall be signed by the clerk of the jeace of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, or his deputy, for the time being.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. c.fy.

[178^. From Jane 14,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after At closer to fuf twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ra tippling " eighty-five, no gaoler, or any person or persons in trust for cr hr gaming, employed by such gaoler, "shall suffer tippling or gaming in such or to sell u prison; or shall sell or dispose of, or permit or suffer to be sold lot^son^ or ^ifposed f or be capable of being licensed to sell or dipole*of, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors; or have any beneficial interest or concern whatsoever in the sale or disposal of any liquors of any kind, or in any tap house, tap room, or tap, on penalty of under the penalty of ten pounds for every such offence, to be 101. to be re recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chai diitref«d by te^s' warrant uncjer the hands and seals of any two justics of the peace acting for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, ot prccins, within which such gaol is situated, (which warrant such justices are hereby required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any witness or witnesses, upon oath, (which oath such juflico Application are hereby empowered to administer); and the said pen alt), thereof. after the charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, dull be paid one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to On failure of the use of the prisoners confined within such gaol j and in cas distress, the sufficient distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful fa offender may such to commit such offender or offenders to the hoof:

comma C^conrc(c^jon for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, fa any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless such penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Howjustice* XXIII Aqfl be it further enacted, That all justices of the to proceed for peace before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence offenders? asa, na shall an may cave the conviction to be drawn'pp in the following form, or to the like effect; that is to say,

Form of con County. \ IE it remembered, That on that jajif

viaion. C Q J " in the year if iti

reign of his Majesty A.B. is csnvizd

before f his Afajeffsjujhuuj

the peace for the aid county, or riding, divifrn, city, tm, Jiberty, or pfecinft^ [as the case shall be], by virtue CIV act of parliament made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, iniitul*,

5 here set forth the title of the ad, and specify (he or ence, and the time and place wh$k and where the same was committed.]

Limitation of actions

X

Given under our bands and seals, the day and year oforejal

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or fat shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months

1784.) Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54* 725

mbnfhs next after the salt committed, apd not afterwards; and

shalt be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere $ the defendant or

[General issue.]

defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at

any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance

and by the authority of thi j ad j and if it shall appear

+to have been so done, or if any action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or

[Treble costs.]

plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant hath for costs of suit in other cases by law.

[Public act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and other persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE herein before referred to.

FORM of mortgage and charge upon the county rates for securing the money borrowed.

tr/-e A.B. fine of his Majestfs justices of the peace, and chair v man of the court of quarter sessions of the peace for the county,

fc. of (as the case shall be), held

at the day of

CD and E. F. esquires two other of his Majesty's justices of the peace a sling for the said county, C and assembled in the said court in pursuance of the powers to us given by an at passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, inti tuledj C [insert the title of the ad] do hereby, in open courts mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said county,

cas the case shall be), under the description of county rates, by the laws now in beings with the payment of the sum of which G. H. of hath proposed and agreed t

lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the expenses of building, repairing, cas the case shall be), the gaol for the said county, rand we do hereby; confirm and establish the same unto the said G. H. his executoraditiinijlrators, and ajsignst for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interest for the famey after the rate of per

centum per annum; and do order the treasurer for such county, or other person, (as the case shall be), to pay the "of

the

7*4

frcamwe.

Kerital of it Geo. j. C 64.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 55-

ri [aid sum of half yearly9ftt lit Stop

ta become duty until tit principal jbah he wf(barged poerfaomts the directions of the said act.

CAP. LV.

An act to explain and amend an at, made in tbi ttocmiy fecend jo of the reign of his present Mapjh, entitled An ma for th. and rendering more dre&tul the laws in being ft lative to houses of correction.

WHEREAS by an at passed in the twenty feeani poor of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An m for the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being iris titfe to houses of correction; reciting, amongst other things Thai in many counties the boufls of cor rest ion were insufficient in smmber or deficient in buildings and the apartments in them were very ulac* commodatsd to the purposes for which they were intended by means whereofy and from a want of due order, employment, and di/ciphn in such houses of correction, the persons sent thither for correctkmami reformation frequently grew more dtjfolute and abandoned during these continuance in such houses, it was enacted That the jstfiices ef pence in every county, riding, division, city, liberty, and precin& % wubrn England and Wales, pt their respective quarter sessions of the pence to be held next after Midsummer from the time of passing tie find act, Should and they were thereby t eauifed to nominate one ar yean fufiice or justices of the peacey^withinjbeir respective jurijuftimsy divisions, or districts* whom they Should think mofi proper te carmine and inspect the several houses of correction within the fames and the justice or justices so to be nominated were required emrofasy and diligently to inspect the same with all convenient [peed and rf port his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdiftbottt at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next follmuingy (as Co the state and condition thereof \ and the increase of number or additions or alterations which they might judge neussary to make them mote convenient and uftfuly having regard to the clojfing of the fcvoral persons who Should be kept therey according to the nature of Chcir cremes and pumjhments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons who were committed to hard laboura sod to tbs keeping every part, of such prisons clean and who/esome; and the find justice or justices so to be nominatedwere thereby required to employ proper and skilful persons to make plans and estimates of new build ingsy or the additions or alterations which he or they Should think ue cessary in the present buildings to make them answer the feveuatmr* pofis of the Jaii aft \ which plansy together with the report of the said justice or justices, were to be laid before the court at the aid Michaelmas quarter fiffions; or ify from any difficulties or accidents, such reports Should not happen So he made at that sessions thorny ami sn that case the same Should be made at or before the Epjpbaaj quarter sessions then next following); which court was thereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approved sack

phts*

O

j 3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 309

IK they might adjbum the quarter sessions to a fkrtbar day, far

MU ri tnchemd to undertake fab work, of bich aue notice jbcadd be puklished, and them io cautrad with fab rfons whom theyfboodd think moji proper to do the sane; or if they (approved such plans or qfimatesi todirtd fab others to be made they fbctdd think fit, and adjourn their quarter sessions to same rther say, to receive fitch new plans and efeimam, and atfo pro fdls from ptrfous inclined to undertake the work and the jufaes, settling andadjujting fitch plans, were thereby required to provide ter ate apartments for all persons committed upon charges offelony, convidedpf any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of cor aim for punishment by bard labour, under or by virtue of the laws being, iu order to prevent any communication between them and e other prisoners and aise 'proper apartments, covered or open as'mid be found mqfi convenient, for employing the several persons bo were to be kept to bard labour; and they were also to provide terate apartments, in each division of the said house of correction, r the women who jbauld be committed thither; and the foetid justicos, their general quarter sessions, were thereby empowered, from time time, upon any fah report to them made, to make fetch order there ion atto them shouli feemjust, and the nature of the case m; ght re tin: and whereas the jufeices of the peace, within many of the rifeti&tens, have omitted to make fetch nomination, and it cause the ceffitly examinations, tnfpedions, and proceedings to be made within e times prescribed by the ad, whereby the wholesome regulars, and the benefit intended by the ad, will be hjfl to the pub ik within fetch jurisdictions, unlefe further time be given for that \rpo(o} for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most (ceflent majesty, by end with the advice and consent of thft rdsfptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelim parament afletabled, and by the authority of the same, That it Justlcei who lan and may be lawful for the justices of the peace for any >unty, riding, division, city, liberty, or precinct, within Eng tj£ftlteofth. nd and Wales, who have omitted to examine and inspedfc into houses of cor le state of the houses of corrcduon within their respective IU region mxhm itts, and to proceed in repairing, altering, and regulating the the r me, according to the directions and intention of the said re fh^direjiiona ted act, to inquire into, examine, inspect, and fully toexe of the recited ateand enforce the same, at the next or any subsequent quarter at, may do flion of the peace to be held after the passing of this act, as it.andexecute illy and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as they could {je^extquar r might have done if they had proceeded therein at the quarter ter session, fa",: (liens held next after Midsummer, Michaelmas, or Christmas, ooi the time of passing the said act; anything the rein, or irv ny other odt, contained to the contrary thereof in aoy wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the exporters of building, rebuilding, enlarging, r removing and fatting up houses of corredton, may in some cases be omrvery burthensome on the occupiers of land, and other the cont.ri utots to 'the county rates, in case the expenses Should be rtiifed n the manner herein before mentioned; be therefore enacted,

6 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55.

wb<on.tht That where at (kail appear that the amount of any estimate, an°uornate appf°v€c* by the justices, for the building, rcbfjii^ing, <nja^ forbuud?tg!ng* or amoving, and sitting up any house or Jioufes of tix enlarging»l: C region, under the powers of thus aft, shall exceed one half shall be very the amount of the ordinary annual affeflin $nt for the couptyjytcuftue»^\c fef. r any' county, riding, divi/109, city, town, liberty, or pre fionmaymort (such ordinary assessment to be taken on ft mean, proper

gauge the tien of the said rate for the last five years preceding that tbp, rates, See and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the justices af.ihe, peace, within the respective limits of their commissions, so adept bled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take up on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by instruments in the form contained in the schpdule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like 'ested, any sums not lef& than, fifty pounds, nor exceeding one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as to them, or the major part of them, such major part not being less than five, shall appear neccflaryand expedient for the purposes aforesaid, and to secure all and every such sum and (urns of money so borrowed, upon the credit of the cates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, and precinct respectively $ the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any person or persons for the loan of any such ham or sums of mdney, and by their order to confirm and establish Agreements every such agreement as aforesaid; every such agreement (o by cr<j.c.r of established by such order, and signed by the chairman and two signed by the or more justices present at the time of making such order, shall chairman, C be, and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for fecunng to be an effect to the person or persons so advancing any sum or sums of mo tual security. ney, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and afisgps, all and every such sum or sums of money, with interest for the same, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respectively shall be for that purpose stipulated; and copies or extracts of all such agreements or securities shall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the custody of the records of the quarter sessions, of such county Tiding, Securities division, city, town, liberty, or precinct respectively; all may be trans an(j every person and persons to whom any such security or fcrrc. curities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money

thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by endorsing $11$, her, or their name or names on the back of such security or securities) to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their right to the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any person or persons; and every such affigoee may in like manner transfer the same again, and so totiei qwtiies j and the person or persons to whom such security or securities, or any, uch^ai signment thereof, shall be made, and his, her, or their jreipec live executors, administrators, and assigns, hall be ciednon { upon the said rates, in an equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respedi to the priority of any moneys so advanced,

17$4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. sit

III. And be it further enacted, that the said justices To what ex and they are hereby authorised and required, not only to charge tfnt the juf the rates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, chktge the town, liberty, or precinct, y«ith the interest of the money so county jratei# borrowed on such Securities, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at least to the fuqa so charged for the Interest of such securities; which said sums shall be assessed on such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, in such manner as county rates are directed to be assessed by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direction of the said. in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such moriey will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which such Securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said justices are required td fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessments in due time, so as to provide for the regular payment thereof; and A regular ic they are hereby required to appoint a proper person to keep an count be exact and regular account of all the receipts and payments un book of alla der the authority of this act, in a book or books separate and receipts and apart from all other accounts, and the same to settle and adjust payments un in such manner that it may easily be seen what interest is grow this ing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and v/li3t remains due; and the Said book or books, So adjusted and settled, to deliver into court at every general or quarter sessions to be held for any such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct; and the Said justices are required, it every which oiatl be such sessions, carefully to inspect all such accounts, and maken<of* orders for carrying the Several purposes of this al into execu ever^sessions* tien, in such manner as to them shall Seem meet; and if at any

time it shall appear to the said justices that the person so appointed has neglected the Said order, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the money in his hands to the purposes hereby directed, fuqh person shall forfeit doubfe the aifiount of the money which shall not have been applied to the purposes of this at 5 and the said justices, so assembled iri feltion as aforesaid, shall direct, in what order such securities shall 6e discharged, by drawing lots or otherwise, as they shall think fit, first discharging all Such Securities which shall bear the highdt interest.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money bore

justices of the peace in their respefuve quarter sessions shall, and be

they are hereby required to make provisions by means of the paid within a rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Umited timt. orders and directions (which they are hereby authorised to give),

in such manner that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of this act, shall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen years Frotfi the time of borrowing the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That in cases where such,

lioufet

7*8

Justices may dispose of old houses of correction, apd the ground on which they stand.

Bodies poll lick, C may sell and convey lands, CC

Purchase money, exceeding tool, to be laid out in purchase of lands, C Aibjeft to the same uses, canno

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55* [17 & 4*

houses of corredtiofi shall be passed down, repaired, rebuilt, or enlarged, by the authority of thfc astor any other liw ih hewing, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, 'ia their quarter sessions assembled, to sell and dispose of the m£te jials of such old houses of correction, or such parts thereof, and also of the whole, or such parts of the (cite or ground belonging thereto as shall not be necessary to be used for or in the rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging such houses of cofreftktta, at the best price or prices that can or may be gotten for the (kmc; which mqnies shall be applied to the purposes of this a St; and in case of any such purchase of lands, tenements, Or hereditaments, which shall exceed what is necessary to be soused or employed, the said justices may sell and dispose of the same, and apply the money to be raised by such sale for th purposes aforesaid,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and fthjcet fors, and for all bodies politic and corporate, and also for ail guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys of any person or persons, being infants, lunatics, idiots, uriddr coverture, or any other disability, and also for all other persons Who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of this a, to contra or agree for, and to sell, convey, and allure such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, unto such person or persons as shall be named by the justices, in trust, and for the purpose of crcs ing new houses of correction, or enlarging the ' old houses of cqrre#ion, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereunto belonging; and all such; agreements, Tales,conveyances, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, ' That all sums of money which shall be agreed to be paid to any corporation, guardian, committee, husband, trustee, or attorney, for or on behalf of any infants, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or cefturque trust, or to any other person or persons whose houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be limited in ftri# settlement for the purchase of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall, in case such fotns of money shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, be hid out by such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attorneys, or any person or persons seized of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, so limited in ftri# settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee simple, to be conveyed to, or to the use of such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attorneys, and to and for such person or person and forfoch

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C

estate and estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such uses, limitations remainders and contingencies, as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respect whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured at the time fych purchase or contra shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking esse; the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the other expenses relating to the house of correction; and in the mean time, and till such purchase or pur And until chases shall be made, such money, whether the same shall or such purchase hall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, shall be laid rooney^o be out, by such corporation, or other persons for the time being Uidoutin interested therein, in some government fecyrities, in the names government of two persons, one to be nominated by the party or parties for securities. the time being interested therein, and the other by the justices aforesaid j and the interest arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively, as would have beet inti tied to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, in case the same had rot been sold, or Would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, io to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such corpowti If the parties jpns, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys, refuse to treat, or any person or persons For the time being interested in any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be Adeemed necessary for the purposes of building, or enlarging any such house of correction, and other the purposes of this a, upon notice in writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the house or houses, or other place or places ofibode of such person or persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as shall be offered by the justices or their agents, or shall otherwise not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, or if, by reason of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale; then, and in such case, the justices of the peace, at their general or general quarter sessions, or any two or more of them appointed for that purpose, shall value to cause the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, j ncd hereditaments, easements, and privileges, to be inquired into*and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin# wherein the same shall be situated; and to that end (bail summon and call before such jury, and examine upon oath (which oath any one or more of such justices 01 the peace is and are hereby empowered so adminster) any person or persons whomsoever j and such juf

C C C 3 ticea

jrj<y Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5$.

[1784.

tlees of the peace, or any two of them, shall, by ordering a view or otherwise, life all ways and means for the inform mation of themselves and of fuph jury, in the premises'; and when such jury shall have inquired of, and ascertained the value of such houses, buildings, lans, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, the said justices of the peace shall thereupon ord^r that the sum or sums which shall so appear to tie the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in (bch manner as is herein before directed, touching the money to be paid for such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafetrients, or privileges, for sale whereof the person or personsin verdia of teres^ed shall contra and agree in manner aforesaid; ver jury, fcc.tobc did or inquisition? and order, shall be filed of record by the cleric - 1 of the peace, qr other officer having the custody of the records of the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or pre'and shall be final and conclusive, to all intents and pur

pofei whatsoever, against all parties and persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, their heirs and successors, as well absent as prefem. Infants, lunatics, idiots, and persons under coverture, or any other disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys, or any other person or persons whomsoever.

IX arj, for tljesummoning and returning such juries, be it the Jury further enacted, That such justices of the peace, or any two of may issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or? n*bailiff of any particular county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, within the limits of which the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, nd Veturn an indifferent jury of twenty persons, qualified to serve on juries, to appear before the said justices, or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such sheriff and bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such number of persons accordingly, and, out of the persons so summoned, in pannelled, and returned; or out of such as shall appear upon such summons, the justices of the peace, or any two of rhea:, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required 10 draw by bailot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and, in default of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the faief sheriff or bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent men of the standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that fer yurymen may Vice, to make up the number twelve; and all persons concern he challenged. ed shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said Justices may jurymen when they come to be sworn: and the said justices of tine the Hie the peace,or any two of them, shall have power from time to £jf» time to impose a fine or fines upon such sheriff or bailiff, or his

fje^auir. n5 denary or deputies making default in the prenrifesy atodf on'any

im'*C

178^.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55.;73i

of thfe persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and who (halbnot appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give a vcrdid, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty therein; and also on any person who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the said jwy, shall refuse or neglect: to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to befworn or to give evidence; so that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on anyone person for one offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any jury shall give Expense of in and deliver a verdict for more money, as the value of such iur*> C ho houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, to he defrayed, or privileges so to be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the peace,

or their agents, to any person capable of contradiing for the same, the costs and expenses of summoning and maintaining the jury and witnesses shall be born and paid out of the same fund as the expenses of the buildings to be erected thereon; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no more,or for less money than the money which shall have been so offered by such junices of the peace, or their agent, then the cods and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be born and paid by the person or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, shall arise,

XI. And be it further enacted, That, upon payment of the on pa^fnt money so ordered to be paid for the purchase of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri land. vileges, or, upon refusal or inability to receive the same, leaving justice may the same in the hands of such personas the justices in their possessioi* quarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thcrcof* entitled thereto, or in case of the said party or parties not being

to be found, then, upon notice to be published ip same paper or papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, where such houfo of correction is to be built or enlarged, of the payment or investment of such purchase money, the said lands, tenements, heredi ments, easements, and privileges so purchased, shall vest in the person or persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the (aoie by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, or any two of them, their workmen or agents, to enter upon, and take possession of, apd make use of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all such persons and parties who were the owners or occupiers thereof, shall be diveffed of all right and title in and to the same, and every part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in ail cases where any Justice, wfyr

justice or justicas of the peace is or are, or shall be, by any a'

'Of

fp?' aftnoticectnotjoartogeorg 11lll. c. 55.*'* £17!?4, '

luminary o parliament, authorised or impowered to convict any person way, may or persona before him or them, in a futnmary way, without the

commit of intervention of a jury, it shall and may be lawful, from and

house'o/ecr a^fcr, le p.s., n this act, for such justice or justices of the

rection. cor" peace so authorised or empowered as aforesaid, if he or they shall think hr, to commit such per fan of personfo conviifed in such summary way as aforesaid, to the house of correctien within his or their jurisdiction, in lieu or in (lead of the common gaol j any law, Statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The SC HEDULE to which this act refers.

FORM of Mortgage and charge upon the county rates for securing the money borrowed.

A.B. one of his Majestfs Justices of the peace, and chair man of the court of quarter sessions of the peace for the county, WV. of (as the case shall be,) balden

at the day of

C D. and E. F. efauires, two other of his majesty's justices of the peace acting for the said county, C and assemblei in the faii court, in pursuance of the power to uf given by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, inti* titled, C [insert the title of the act] do hereby, in open court, mortgage and charge all the rates to be retifed within the said county, sv. (as the case shall be,) under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the Jam of which G. H. of hath proposed and agreed to

lend, and hath note actually advanced and paid towards defraying the expenses of building, repairing, Lffc, (as the case shall be,) the house of correction for the said county, if C And we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said G. H. his executors, adminf rotors, and assigns, for securing the repayment of the said sum of

and the iuterefl agreed upon for the same, after the rate of per centum per annum; and di

order the treasurer for such county, if C or other personas the case

shall be,) to pay the interest'of the said sum of

half yearly, as the same shall become due, until the principal jhadk discharged, pursuant to the directions of the said act.

CAP. LVI.

An act for the effectual transportation of felons and other offenders;

and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases, and for - other purposes therein mentioned.,

WHEREAS it is expedient to empower his Majesty, teith the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain pious, as Will out of his Majesty's dominions as within the same, to vebich

fdeut

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $6.\ 731

'elms'tyd other offenders mat be transported and to make other re

luutfms for the more^effeflvfll transportation of such offenders; may

t therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituel and temporal, and

: oaunpn$, in thi* present parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Any person

aft, when any person or persons, at any session of oyer and ter conv&ed, in

miner, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session jl^and r

of the peace, to be held for any county, riding, division, city, punifflir

town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Bri at>}c by trans

called England, or at any great session to be held for the portation,

: ounty palatine of Chester, or within the principality of tvales % may by the shall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any 5cred to be" other offence for which such person or persons (halt be liable transported by the tews of this realm to be transported, it shall and may be accordingly! lawful for the court before which any such person or persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent court held at any place for the same county, riding, division, city, town, borough, liberty, or place respectively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that such person or persons so con rifted as aforesaid shall be transported beyond the seas, for any crm of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which such person or persons is or are, or shall be liable by any aw to be transported; and, in every such case, it (half and And his Ma nay be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his j*fty in coun* )rivy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, 'p^n^towhat Dart or parts beyond the seas, either within his majesty's do j>iacc beyond ninions, or ekewhere out of his majesty's dominions, such fel the seas he jnsor other offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and shall be sent uch court as aforesaid is hereby authorised and irapowered to jrder such offenders to be transferred to the use of any person or ersons, and his or their assigns, who shall contract for the*lue performance of such transportation: when his Majesty, if his Majesty lis heirs and successors, shall be pleased to extend mercy to any should extend Dffender or offenders who hath or have been, or shall be con his mercy to rifted of any crime or crimes for which he, she, or they is, are, fj"sle in the r shall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon punishment of: ondition of transportation to any place or places, part or parts death, the deyon^l the seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, co "rt way ind such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his ^dtransport° Majesty's principal secretaries of state, it shall be lawful for any ec bcy0ndthe: ourt, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offen seas, for any iers the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cases term of years where such offender or offenders shall be authorised by his Ma numbe* efty ro transport himself, herself, or themselves) to order the fars of ransfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons term for who shall contrast for the due performance of such transporta which such ion, and his or their alsigns, for such and the same term of pears for which any such offender or offenders shall have been or ha

lered to be transported or for such term of life or years as shall ble by any

be law to be trao (ported.

734 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56.; [17s4.

be specified in such condition of transportation as aforesaid*Contractor to such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or theii have a pro assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforegud, fbtll Srviceof the a property in the service of such offender or offenders' for amende such terms respectively; and when any offender or offoftdcfrs hath or have been, or shall be convicted of any crime or crimes for which he, she, or they is or are by law excluded the benefit of clergy, the judge, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convi^ed, or any justice of the king's bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer of the degree of the coif,: in case the said offender or offenders shall have been tried ai any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in England or Any justice of Chester or Wales in case the said offender or offenders shall be tped and convicted within any of their respective judfr dictions, may on such intention of mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by one of the said principal secretturies of date, make an order for the immediate transportation of such offender or offenders, in the same manner as if such intention of mercy*had been signified by one of the said principal.secretaries of

state during the continuance of the assizes orfe(fions at which such offender or offenders was or were condemned; and such order shall be considered as an order made at fych assizes or sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences as any order for the transportation of any offender or offenders made by any justice of oyer and temntier, great sessions, or gaol delivery, for any county, city, liberty, borough, gr place, during the continuance of the assizes or sessions.

frerfoni wn II nd be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every derraking to person or ersons to whom any such offender or offenders shall tenders^to*be transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be give proper delivered over to him or them to be transported, give security security. that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such offender or offenders to such place or places, part or parts beyond the seas respectively, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in such manner as aforesaid, and procure such evidence as the nature of the case will admit of the landing of such offender or offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in thit place or part, or those places or parts beyond the seas where to he, she, or they shall be ordered to be transported, (death and casualties by sea excepted), and that he, she, or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful default of the person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their assigns.

Court may ap. HI And be it also enacted, That such court as aforesaid ticesforthe*" 01aY appoint two justices of the peace for the county, riding, county, C to division, city, liberty, borough, or place where such offender com raft for or offenders shall have been conviaed, who shall have power transportation to contraa with any person or persons for the performance of &c. ndcr8> t, ie lranfp°rtation of such offender or offenders, and to order such security to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 735

offender or offenders to be delivered, by the respective gaplers whose custody he, she, or they shall be, to the person or ersons contracting, or to his or their assigns; which contracts nd fccority shall be certified by the justices, who shall make nd take the same to the next court to be held with like au sorityf of the said County, riding, division, city, liberty, bo augh, or place, to be filed and kept among the records of ich court; and all securities for transportation shall be by Securities for ondin the name of the respective clerks of the peace, or other ^beb^bon? lerks of the court, who shall prosecute such bonds in their own in the name ot* ames; for Which purpose, every such clerk of the peace, 6r the clerk of lerk of the court, and his successors respectively, shall be deem the peace, cid a body corporate, and shall have and be paid all such costs ^che°mtjab<xiy s they (hill sustain, in any such suit as the justices of the corporate.*>eace shall it their general quarter sessions of the peace direct,

ut of the public (lock; and all moneys recovered on such

xmds shall be for the use of the respective county, riding,

iivssion, city, liberty, borough, or place, and be paid to their

'efpesive treasurers, to be part of the publick stock; all

barge? in or about making the contracts, taking securities, and

ionveying felons and other offenders in order to be transported,

hall be born by each county, riding, division, city, liberty,

jorough, or place, for which the court was held which ordered

uch offenders to be transported, and the respective treasurers

hall, by order of the justices in quarter fdffions, pay all such,

to the persons employed.

IV. And be it further eqatfed. That the person or persons persons con po contracting as aforesaid, and to whom any offenders shall be [raosport of delivered in order to be transported, or any person or persons Tenders, may directed by the said justices (empowered to contra as afore carry them [aid), or their assigns, may in such manner as they shall think through any fit, carry and secure the said offenders in and through any coun j^au" tt the ty of Great Britain towards the seaport or place from whence

they are to be transported; if any person or persons shall Penalty on refeue such offenders, or any of them, or assist them, or any of run hem, id making their escape from such person or persons as 1 cm C shall have them in their custody as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be adjudged guilty Of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any person if any offender or offenders, who shall be so ordered by any such ordered r court as aforesaid to be transpprted beyond the seas, gr who shall

agree to transporj himself or herself oq certain conditions, either be found at for life or any number of years, to any fqch place or places, large in Great part or parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in manner Britain or jre aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any part of the expiration kingdom of Great Britain or Jrehtid, without some lawful cause, Of his term, before the expiration of the term for which such offender or he shall lutter offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond the death, feasor shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such offender being at large as aforesaid, being vl thereof

73$

Before whom such offenders may be tried.

Persons difeo vering and prosecuting such offenders, entitled to a reward ofol. and a certificate, & C

His Majesty Empowered to order, or to authorise three justices of peace to order the removal of male prisonen under sentenpe of death, C from any gaol in England or Wales.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. [1784.

thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and such offender or offenders may be tried, either before justices of affizet oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery for the county city liberty, borough or place, where such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence hebe, or they were ordered to be transported; and the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other officer or clerk of the court having the cof tody of the records where such orders of transportafioo shall be made, shall; at the request of the prosecutor, or any other per fop on his majesty's behalf, make out and give a certificateia writing, signed by him, containing the effect and fubihoceoaiy (omitting the formal part) of every indictment and convlfiioa of such offender or offenders, and of the order for his or her transportation, to the justices of assize, oyer and teuniner, great sessions, or gaol delivery, where such offender or offenders shall be indicted, (not taking for the same morejhaa two Shillings and sixpence), which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order for the transportation of such offender or offenders: and whoever shall discover and prpfecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender or offenders so being at large as aforesaidv (hu be in titled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so convicted; and shall have the like certificate without fee or reward, as any person or persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to conviction persons who bate committed any robbery upon the highway: provided nevertheless. That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may pardoa and dispense with such transportation, and allow of the return of any such offender or offenders to the kingdom vftsrart Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty from time to time, by an order in writing, to be notified by one of his said principal secretaries of stat or for any three or more of such of his majesty's justices of the peace adfipg in and for the county, riding, ffivision, city, bocoegh, liberty, or place, in which any gaol shall be situated, as, Hull be authorised by his Majesty under his sign manual, todiftft the removal Dtapy male offender or offenders who shall be under sentence of death, but reprieved during his Majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order of transportation, and who, having been examined by an experienced surgeon or apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or iofedhousdif temper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifoo.in ww such offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within England, or the dominion of either at land, or on board any ship or vessel in the rives Tbmo, or any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any pert of England or Walcs^ as his Majesty. any three of such justices, authorised as aforesaid, shall from time tq time appoint, fader

7&4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5$. 737

he management of*any overseer or overseers to be appointed

y his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices authoris

rd as aforesaid} and every offender who (half be so removed

hall continue in the said place of confinement, or be removed

a and confined in any other such place or places as aforesaid,

is his Majesty or any three or more of such justices, authoris

fd as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until fqch of i

ender shall be transported according to law, or by the expifa

iori of the term of (bch transportation, or otherwise, shall be

ntiried solis liberty, or until his Majesty, or any three ot*

noreof Aich justices, so authorised as aforesaid, shall direct the '

etwn of such offender to the gaol or prison from which he

lull have been so removed; and the sheriff or gaoler having Gaoler to fe

he custody of any offender whose removal shall be ordered in, iver offenders

nanner aforesaid shall, with all convenient speed after receipt facftorder

f the notification of any such order, convey, or cause to be with a proper ronveyed, every such offender to the place appointed, and certificate, .'heredeliver him, together with a certificate, containing his diriftian name, surname, and age, and also the offence for which, and the court in which, he was convksled, and the mrpbrt of his or her sentence, to such overseer or overseers as iforcftid, who shall give a proper receipt in writing to the she iff or gaoler for the discharge of such sheriff or gaoler.

VII. And be it enacted, That all fees bn the delivering but Gaolers feet,

f custody of any such offender so ordered to be removed, as and expense wve ufelly been paid, and would have been due to the sheriff uemoj?, j r gaoler in case such offender had been removed in order to county? lave been transported, and all reasonable expenses which the C heriff or gaoler shall incur in every such removal, shall be paid iy the county, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place, or which the court in which the offender was conviaed shall lave been held; and the sheriff or gaoler shall receive the money luefor such fees and expenses from the treasurer of such coun y, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place, such fees ind expenses being first allowed by the order of the justices of he pe^ce at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace, vho are hereby required to make such order as shall be justin hat behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the removal of Overseer, to my offender under this at, the overseer who shall have the "horn such: of him shall, during the term'of such custody, have the §2iwed a roe powers over him as are incident to the office of a sheriff have the Cam r gaoler, and, in like manner be answerable for any escape of power over iich offender; and also, during such custody, shall seed and theda as gaol lothe such offender, and shall keep him to labour at such eri daces, and under such directions, limitations, and restriaions, is his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices, so authored, as aforesaid, shall from titpe to time, by any order to be lire&ed to such overseer or overseers for their instruaion, ippoitu.

IX and it is hereby declared, That the time during which Time of ?mc

any prifooment to

be deemed

rate puoiflv ment for inif behaviour.

See.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $6. ' fj7S4

any offender shall have continued in gaol under fehtmceof part of the transportation, or being removed under the provisionstfereffl, port^on.an*shall c°ntinue confined by virtue of this abe be taken ail reckoned in discharge or part discharge or satisfaction of thetena of his transportation.

Overseers may X And be it further enacted, That if any offender flufi, inflict mode during such custody under this act, be guilty of any mifbebri our or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such orerte or overseers, having the custody of fact offender to infli&or cause to be inflicted such moderate punishment or correctiomi may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a ho'ieof correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall rpfcue, or attempt to refeue, or assist m rescuing, any such offender frdm such custody or shall conrcy, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, oirarmst* such offender, every such offence shall be punishable in the same, manner as if such offender had been confined in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff or other gaoler, for the crime of which such offender shall have been convr&ed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the overseert of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of th f ad, shall from time to time make returns, specifying the name of every person in their custody, the offence of which he or h shall have been guilty, the court before which he ot ftc shall have been convicted, and the sentence of such court, together with his age and bodily state, and his behaviour vrhilil in custody; also the names of such offenders who shall har; died whilst in such custody, or shall have escaped, or hare been lawfuly discharged from the same; which returns foal! h made, on the first day of every term, to his majesty's court $ king's bench at Westminster, on the oath of the person or persons making the same; such oath to be made before the fed court, or any commissioner. authorised to take affidavits io the same.

XII. And whereas there are several persons confined in nuntj&l tity gaols in England and Wales, under fenternes and crdtna&i by one or more justice oryujlices of peace at their fiffim, ertfb wise, upon convictions in a summary way, without the inunenii: 1 lize&c may fa dury 5 be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for aa? remove pri^justice of assize or great sessions, or any two or morejuftctj Yoners com of the peace within whose jurisdiction such gaol is situate, ta mined byjuf remove any such person or persons to any house of coircflion tices of peace. wjti; in the said jurisdiction, thereto be confined, and toft main in execution of such sentence or order.

If offenders

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any offender haa

cannot conve already been ordered to be transported to any part beyond tb:

trans orted to cas or^ any ori*er at any hme hereafter be made fortly

1 he place men transportation of any offender, and such order cannot be con tioned in their veniently executed with respect to the place in such orderrorn lemence, the tioned, it shall be lavvfui for the court of king's bench, or fa

u lit

Overseers to make returns of prisoners to the court of king's bench, the fw(t day of very term.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5^ yfo

ie pourt before which any such person hath been convicted, or court of king'* holden for the same county, riding, division, city, beneh^&c. orpugh, liberty, or place, having like authority, or (in the Senuo be aqa|ipn time, and out of term) for any two justices of the transported to ourt of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the court any other f exchequer of the degree of the coif, to order that such of pj^the^1 der shall e transported to any other part or place beyond liun F C fcas, which shall have been appointed by Majesty for C transportation of such offenders, in such and the like matter, and for the same term of years, as such offender is or laty be liable to be transported to the place mentioned in the riginal sentence or order for his or her transportation; and such rder shall be considered as made at the same time, and shall e as effectual to every intent and purpose, and shall have all LI same consequences, in every respect. the original order Dr the transportation of such offender, and such offender shall e transferred, conveyed, and made over, to ally person who vill conuradt for the performance of such transportation, and o his or their assigns, in like manner as if such offender had een transported to the place mentioned in the original order of ranfpqrtation; and such person or persons, so contracting as ioreljaid, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer $ aforesaid, shall have a property in the service of the said iffender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender vas originally ordered to be transported 5 and in case such of Oifeuden reorder, so ordered for transportation, shall be afterwards at turningbefore arge within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without f their^m11 ome lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which tofufferdeati uch offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every uch offender being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death is in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and shall be tried )cfore such judges, and in such manner, and the same evidence made life of, for his or her conviction, as is or shall be directed y the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial f other offenders found at large within this kingdom before be expiration of the term for which they were ordered to transported; whoever shall discover, and prosecute to oi. reward: onvi£tion of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender for prosecut o being at large within this kingdom as aforesaid, shall be in ijtled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so cu cr, J xmvidled, and shall have the like certificate, without fee or re vanj, as any person may be entitled to for the apprehending ndprosecuting to conviction, persons who have committed any obhery upon the highway.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the expenses of car Expenses of ying this act into*execution, as far as the same relates to the executing rt«s wraoval of prisoners convicted, and remaining in custody under ^tive Cptencepf death, and respited during his majesty's pleasure, or m0val ofpri jpder.sentence pr order of transportation to other places of con Toners, C to ioement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be he laid annu fpoyally laid before both houses of parliament, and shall be al1?.before

provided par'!ament'

sad, on ob laimn

dia, cover treble costs.

Limitation of actions.

jjo Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. <^ 56* (1784.]

provided for in the next supplies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Perfbm prose

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action cuted for exe shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for 'curing this act done; n pursuance of this act, such person or persons may pfcad the general issue, ynd give this act, and the (pedal master, in^" evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the Jape

was done by the authority of this act and if a verdi&aull pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their aat or actions, after issue joined; or if, on demurrer or otherwise, ig a ver judgement shall be given agarinft the plaintiff or plaintiff?, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the*like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and not with (landing a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions to be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefcki. That, from and after the passing of this act, an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to authorise the removal ofprisoners in certain cmfts, and to amend the laws respecting the transportation of offenders) ex

except with cept with regard to any prisoners who have already been remov regard to pried from any gaol or prison, and placed under the managementner.who of any overseer or overseers, by virtue of the said act, which movedbyvir^prisoners shall front an a«cr the passing of this act, be tue thereof, subject to the orders and regulations herein before contained,

instead of those contained in the said act, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

19 Geo. 3. CI

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in 7*, continued the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intitulr until June i ecj> i9 explain and amend the laws relating to that tremfa+rto

tidny imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders), fltah be and remain in force until the first day of Juniy one thoo&nd seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the provisions of this act, so far as the same extend to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence until the end of the then nest session of parliament.

b. it, oflaft session, repealed:

*7*7*

Continuance of this act.

i j Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57-741 CAP. LVII

Art ft te enable his Majesty Jo grant to the heirs of the former pro pfietori, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited eftatls in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of ttufiees by an act passed in tie twenty'fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said act.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his preamble.

late uiajefiy King George, the Second, (entitled, an a for vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and for of 4+'

more effectually discovering the same, and applying the pro C0' dues thereof to the life of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and Satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon), the estates of those who had been attainted of high treason for their acccffion to the then late rebellion, were declared to be in his Majesty, subject to the Payment of debts, and under various regulations therein contained: wd whereas by another act, made in the twenty fitfh year of the reign f bissaid safe Majesty, (entitled, An act for annexing certain 25 Geo. , CI orfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for naking satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to ftabhfh a method of managing the same; and applying the ents and profits thereof for the better civilising and improv ng the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there or the future), all and every the lands and estates which vocre then n the bands of his Majesty, by the attainder of Simon late lord vorat, and certain other per font therein named, were declared to be nolienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms; and pro nsion was also made by the said lafi recited act, for payment of all ujl and lawful debts due by the forfeiting persons before their at wider, and for transacting the slaims made by subject superiors to be property of some of these estates; and likewise for acquiring that tperiorities belonging to such subject superiors: and whereas, by an ft Pqfted in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, in tulea, An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto major, gene and 14 Geo. j, 'il Frazer the lands and estate of the late Simon lord Lovat, C pon certain terms and conditions), the said act of the twenty ftb year of his late Majesty was repealed, in so far as it related to ?e estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late lord Lovat 5 huh estate was thereby difannexed from the crown, and has futce en granted by his Majesty, in the terms, and under the conditions

1 length specified in the aforesaid act passed in the fourteenth year of 's present majesty's reign: and whereas the said estates were put ider the management of a board of trustets or /ommissioners for anaging the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the \tter civilising and improving the highlands of Scotland, and fe vring the peace and loyally of the inhabitants: and whereas, by the psrience of many years fence that time it has been found, that no.

\bjefts in any part of his Majesty's dominions are more loyal or duti tl, or better affected to his Majesty's person and government, than vot/xxxlv, D d d the

74. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 0, 57* [1784.*

the inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland now are, many of whom, of all ranks and defer iptions, have performed pgnalservices io their country in the late wars between Great Britain and its enemies and more particularly the heirs and families of all or most of thifoii attainted persons have been employed in the service of their ltf/tfol fevereign, and testified their loyalty and zeaf upon ah occajtons, and therefore it is ft that they Should now receive some mart ofkisma

jessy's royal mercy and clemency: and whereas it is expedient that the said cfates be now difwnexed, and refer ed to the heirs orfarmlu: of the former owners, upon the payment of certain sums on account f the debts due by the forfeiting persons which were discharged by pi public and under the other conditions herein after mentioned: [ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted y and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au hu Majesty thority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful tohisma impoweredto jesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to futownlble* lhc honourable John Kenzie, commonly called Lord joba micen lrodfeld$ft son of George late earl of Cromarty, and his heirs and fois and assigns, all and every the lands, lordships, baronies, tithes, patronages, fishings, and other like heretages, which became <hlps*5cc. for forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the attainder of the said feited to hi George late earl of Cromarty, now deceased, and which were an late Majesty nexed to the crown by the aforesaid act, in the twenty^fifth uuide/of year t*)c rr*sn f s said late Majesty; subject always to, and George ?ate chargeable with the sum of nineteen thousand and ten pounds, Earl of Cro ten millings, and seven pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny marty i sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the court of ex subject to chequer in Scotland as herein after directed.

to be paid H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it into the ex shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc chequer in cessors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Donald Cameron, son Scotland: ancj jr of Charles Cameron, late captain in the seventyjfirst

And to regiment of foot, deceased, who was only lawful son of Donald donaldcame Cameron late of Lochiel, and his heirs and assigns, all and evert # r^c ams am estate which became forfeits to his said late the attainder Majesty by the attainder of the said Donald Cameron, late of of Donald Lochiely now deceased; subject always to, and chargeable with, Cameron late the sum of three thousand four hundred thirty-three pounds, ruweftto nine tomhg8. anc onc penny an fjx twelfth partr of a penny

91. sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of

id. to be paid exchequer as after directed.

aa aforesaidt

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it wovwwart* ai may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

the lands forgive, grant, and dispone, to Duncan Stewarty eldest lawful feited by the son of Charles Stewart late of ardfbeal, and his heirs and affigbs, attainder of all and every the lands and estate which became forfeited to hb Charles sold fate Majesty, by the attainder of the said Charles Stewart,

subject to now deceased, and which were annexed to the crown 'Is afore

6991. 7s. 9d. said; subject always to, and chargeable with the Turin cafix

o handred

Aftn 6 vicesimo {juirto geoiigii till, C

undred' ninety-nine pounds, seven Shillings, and nine pende, to be p*id4 id one twelfth part of a penny sterling, of principal*money, to aforesaid*e paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

V be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And u>i«hrii vail and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors

grant, and dispone to John AP t)onau> eldest son and cd°by the at' eir of the deceased lieutenant colonel Alexander Af'. Donaldy of tainder of ic seventy first regiment of foot, who was eldest son of Donald Donald P Donald late of Kinlochmoydart^ and his heirs and aflighfc, all m\donmi id every the lands and estate which became forfeited to hi id late Majesty, by the attainder of the said Donald AP. Dohbli te of icinlocbmoydart, now deceased, and which were annexed) the crown as aforesaid; always to, and chargeable fabje& forth, the sum of one thousand one hundred and eleven pounds,ti be5paid fteeo Shillings, and five pence sterling, of principal money, to, aforelasli e paid into the said court of exchequer as hereafter directed.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And (6, col Mil and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors

grant, and dispone, to colonel Duncan Pherson, Und forfeited nly lawful son of Evan M'. Pherson, late of Cluny, and his by the at eirs and afsiens, all and every the lands and estate which be?*nd<r°f atne forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the Fncf

lid van A4'. Pherson, now deceased; always tp, and subjv<ft to, hargeable'with the sum of five thousand one hundred thirty 5, 11*1. 17 ight pounds, seventeen Shillings, and eleven pence, and seven°*, wclfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be j /*ur€* aid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

VI. AND be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Ana of lall and nnay be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^11 the landi give, grant, and dispone, to colonel John mdonell, late of forfeited by he seventy sixth regiment of foot, eldest lawful son of Duncan the attainder P. Donell^ late of Lochgary, and his heirs and assigns, all and of Duncan very the lands, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which doneu} became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the aid Duncan AP. Donell, now deceased, and which were an lexcd to the crown as aforesaid; always to, and charge subject td ble with the sum of two thousand and eighty three pounds, aid

welve Shillings, and one penny, and five twelfth parts of a pen if^efolcu y sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court

exchequer as after directed.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And to Johnshall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, £ns % ort>it* o give, grant, and dispone unto John Cameron, eldest lawful^by the*t* bn of Allan Cameron, late of Caliart, and his heirs and af tainder ot igns, all and every the lands, tithe, and other heretages and Allan came jstate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the ron 5 ittainder of the said Allan Carter on now deceased j subject al subjr# to svays to, and chargeable with the sum of four hundred and twenty pounds, fifteen Shillings, and nind pence sterling, f ,jorefc5i principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as aforesaid.

d 1 Vtll. Atii

744

And (o Fnrt

cu I'aiqunar inn the lands forfeited by his attainder;

subject 3, 6x3! os.

9 C ro be paid 1 as aforesaid.

His Majesty may grant to Duncan M' Done! the lands forfeited by the attainder ot Archibald M'. Donald;

subject to

3, 667 i.13 S

5 d. to be paid as aforesaid:

And to the

heirs male of John Drummond, Sic. the ene of Perth, tot feited byhis attainder;

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C.

[1784.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and nfty be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and succeslbfs, to give, grant, and dispone to Francis Farqukatfin, late of Monaltry, who has received his majesty's most gracious pardon, and his heirs and assigns, all and every the lahds, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which became forfeited to his Arid Jate Majesty by the attainder of the said Francis Farguharson; subject always t9, and chargeable with the sum of ono thoa sand six hundred and thirteen pounds, and nine pence, slid sour twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, lobe paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

IX. And whereas the lands and estate which were surveyed and annexed to the crown, as belonging to Archibald M. Donald son of col Mc. Donald of Barrifdale, were in only held in wadfett by the said col. Mu. Donald, and his son Archibald redeemable for the sum of one thousand five hundred and twenty seven pounds, fifteen Shillings, and sixpence, and six twelfth parts of a penny, by John M. Donell of Glengary, but were td> vertheless allowed to be surveyed and forfeited as the abfohue property of the said Archibald M Donald without any claim being entered in due time by John mdontll the reverser, whole heir ought now to be restored against the fonsequences of that oversight: whereas the debts due by the said Archibald Mc. Donald at the period of the forfeiture, and which were afterwards paid by the publick, exceeded the wadfett Aim before mentioned, so that no benefit could accrue to him by restoring him to the right of wadsett, with the burden of a sum equal to or exceeding his debts; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone ttye said lands and estate to Duncan A7'. Dontll, now of Glengory, the grandson and heir of the aforesaid John M. Dwell of Glengary, and his heirs and assigns; subject always to, and chargeable with the sum of one thousand six hundred sixty seven pounds, thirteen Shillings, and five pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

X. And whereas the estate of Perth, which became forfeited by the attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himself the Jtile er title of Lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the f isle or title of Duke of Perth, flood dertifei before the forfeiture to heirs male: and whereas the said John Drummond died without leaving issue lawful of his body, and it is net yet ascertained who is his nearest collateral kebr male 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, aid dispone to the heirs male of the said John Drummond, who would have been entitled to succeed by the investitures of the said estate, had it not been forfeited, and to the heirs and assigns of such heir male, all and every the lands, lordships, baronies, frlberks, tithes, patronages, and other heretages and estates, which bea

came

1784*! Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. 745

carrtp forfeited to his late Majesty by the attainder of the said John Drummond, taking upon hirofelf the style or title of Lord j$h*drummond^ and which were annexed to the crown as aforesaid; always to, and chargeable with the sum of fifty subject so iwq thousand five hundred forty seven pounds, one shilling, and 5* 54-71. 1 s. IX pence and three twelfth parts of a penny sterling, or prin lb Pad: ipal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer, as a ore*: ifter directed.

XI. And whereas Francis Buchanan, late of Arnpryor, another of the forfeiting persons, also died without lawful issue of his body, possessed of or intitled to tie following lands and estates; videlicet,

The estate of Arnpryor, and the lands of Stank and Kerinoch, which were devised to heirs general, and ihe estate of Strathyre, and certain parts of the lands of Arnfinlay, which were devised to heirs male; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And to grant it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- the estate of fors, to grant and dispone to mistress Jean, widow of the deceased John M*.Nab of Mc> Nab esquire, lifter and heir ^eattainder general of the said Francis Buchanan, and her heirs and assigns, of Francis Bu-the said estate of Arnpryor, and the said lands of Stank and chanan, to his rinoch; and to John Buchanan otAuchleJfie esquire, the heir male he,rs» of the said Francis Buchanan, and his heirs and assigns, the said estate of Strathyre, and the said parts of the lands of Arnfinlay; subject always to, and chargeable, the said whole estates and subject to lands so to be granted, with the payment of the sum of two thousand four hundred ninety-seven pounds, eight shillings, * af£refa{d#l and three-pence, and eight twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be. paid by them the said mistress Buchanan, and John Buchanan, and their heirs, jointly and severally, into the said court of exchequer, as after directed; but declaring that the said persons shall have such claims against each other to be relieved of the said sum, either in whole or in part, as they would have had with respect to their predecessors debts, if there had been no forfeiture.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several principal sums aforesaid shall be made payable Wjjen the said y the different grantees, their heirs, and assigns, into the court sums shall be )f exchequer in Scotland, in equal moieties, one half of each Pau, nto t:um at the term of Martinmas, in the year one thousand seven cxcie<iucr* lundred and eighty six, and the other half at the said term in he year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, together vith interest upon the whole at the rate of five pounds per cetir um per annum from the term of Martinmas, one thousand seven tundred and eighty-four, until payment of the sums due, with fifth part more of liquidated penalty in case of failure; for Barons of ex which payments so made, the lord chief baron, and other ba chequer to ons of the said court, or any three of them, are hereby im &tvc )Owered, authorised, and Required to execute, on behalf of hrs Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all others concerned, and: o deliver to those from whom the money is received, full and iraple receipts, discharges, and renunciations of the said mo 1 Odd 3 ney.

74$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. gfi Xif i

pey, principal and interest, o paid according ro Ih* jtorite prescribed by the law of Scotland far discharging and renouncing hcrctable debts and real encumbrances in that part of ilia unnod kingdom; which receipts discharges, and renunciations, shall be good, valid, and fuffiijient acquittances, in the same

ner, and as effectually, to all intents and purposes, a if they I had been granted by his Majesty, his heirs or iqqceflor*; aify law or usage to th contrary notwithstanding.

moneys,

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority qfore&du That s^she^cxciie* moneys, when paid into the court of exchequer as efore quer, how to shall be forthwith by, order of the court, lodged inh'ifee dis(^qfe4 of, royal hank or bank of Seotiandy or in any of the pobbek foods, for such interest as can be obtained for the same, tiff other whe ditposed of, in manner after directed.

XIV. And whereat tin barony and estate of Strowan, which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, became forfeited to the crown by a decree or [entente of forfeiture faffed i ike parliament of Scotland, in the year one ihmjand six hundred and I ninety, subject to the debts then owing by the said Alexander, Reunion, and the estate was afterwards given b/uk to his fomiy % andj having come into his pojfission % new debts were tontradfad fij him $ but he having again commuted treasony and been attainted tie gift was recalied, and the estate declared efibeat % and, by a ckeufe in the said al of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his Ute Afefofay was annexed un&ienably to the crown andrnone of the debts have yet been paid: and whereas the said Alexander Robertson* late of {51 rowan, is now deady without having left issue lawful f his tody and the invefiitures of the said estate before the forfeiture fieaddu favour f heirs mtfte\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, fli* Majesty That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and th successors, to give, grant, and dispone to lieutenant Colonel suowant^c. Alexander Robertfony of the eighty second regiment of foot the forfeited by*peqreft heir male of the fai& Alexander Robertfxny and hre heirs the attainder and assigns, all and every the barony of strcuxuty and other sf^rderr ^hds, tenements, and hereditaments, which became for srojantto sated by attainder of the said Alexander Robertson and which beot. col. were annexed to the crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and

Alexander chargeable with the payment, tq the creditors of the said de

ruber^son; ceased Alexander Robertson of all the just and onerous debt due

pi northeast him, whether contracted before his forfeiture or afterwards d*bu with in an accumulation of interest on the debts contracted before U; rest, '" she forfeiture, as qt Chriflmq^ one thousand seven hundred and fifty two j and likewise with the burden of paying the debts contracted by Margaret Robertson> sister to the said deceased

Alexander who sometime pofllffed the estate as a tru&ceioc the (family the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Robertjin^ and his firesaids, being bound to relieve the crown and the pubbefc of all clajms and demands whatever at the instadee of these ett d*tors.

XV. And whereas before the attainder the send efiates of ard kipj<jch(noyd^r?» i^bgary, end part of fie ofiau of

chicl,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. 747

thies, tutrf bcldtn ofiht dikes of Argyle and Athol, as,

from whom tidy were acquired by the publicity in virtue of powers given by the aforesaid ably passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his hue Majesty\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That k shall artd may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty foefcessors, to give, grant, and dispone to John iukt of Argyle, "ia5r grant the his heirs and assigns, the superiorities aforesaid of the said lands and estates of Ardfhcaly Kinlocbmoydarty and part of Lochiely which estates to the were formerly held of his predecessor, he or they always pay duke of ar ing into the said court of exchequer the sum of two hundred Jp1.* 'holland three pounds, eleven Shillings, and five pence, and six pawngcermrin twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for Ard fumsiotothe Jhtali the sum of one hundred and fifty-two pounds, five hil exchequer; lings, and sixpence, and six twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for Kinlochmoydart \ and the sum of one thousand two hundred and eighteen pounds, four Shillings, and five pence sterling, of principal money, (or Lochiel; being the sums which his predecessor received as the value of these fupc riorities; and in like manner, that it shall and may be lawful and the fu to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone to John duke of Atholy his heirs and assigns, the superiority thttluk eo? of the said estate oilochgary, formerly held of his predeceilbr, Athol, on a he or they always paying into the said court of exchequer the similar condu sum of one thousand six hundred and seventy four pounds, fif tl0u* teen Shillings, and six twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for the same, being the value which nis predecessor received; these several sums to be paid at the term of whitsunday in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with interest'for the same, at the rate of five per centum per imnunty from the term of martihmasy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, till the time of payment, with a fifth part more in name of penalty in case of failure; and the receipts, discharges, and acquittances for the same, to be granted in manner before directed

XVI. And whereas, for the relief of certain smaller vafjatsy who held their lands and heritages of some of those attainted persons, from the expense and burden of making up their tjtles by precepts from the chancery, and charters from the crown, an act was passed in the

fecotld year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for Recital of % relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be an Geo. 3. c. 17. hexed to the crown, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty*fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty; and for carrying the purpofos of the said act more effectually into execution; xvhichy inter alia, empowered the of and trustees for managing 'the said efiatet to receive resignations, and grant new charters containing precepts of fafmey and also to grant all other charters precepts of clare constat, and other writings whatsoever, necessary or'competent for completing the titles of the foresaid vassals, their heirs and fingidar successwsy in their lands and other heretages respectively, to be held fiu or blench of his Majesty, his heirs and Juceejfbrsy in the same yeay and manner as the said lands and heretages west then bolden'y or

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57- [*7#4.

might be hoi Jen of his Majesty; and which chartett9 precepts of fs jine % end precepts of clare contitar, to be granted by such cettirnhjfioriers and iiujlcti, were thereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the said vassals, their heirs and finguhr juceejfvrs, for completing their infrftments in their lands and heritages aforesaid, as if the aid fest meats had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the Jidl appointed by the treaty of union to be hept in Scotland in place of the great feau or upon precepts from the chancery: and it was further deed red, that tfye compsjitions payable by theje small vassals Should be, applied by the said commissioners for the same uses and purposes as the du: cr rents, profits, and cafudliies of the said annexed estates; pro vied always, that it Jboufd be competent to the vassals of the said cjlates, their heirs and fngular successors, or any of them, if they Jloould third ft, to make up their titles to their respective lands by precepts from the chancery, or charters "under the seat, in the same way and manner as was competent to aether vajf d.s of the crown: be Certain yaffils if therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the ct the estate* said vauals of the estates of Path, Cronfarty, or Strowan, as have to be^onil* it12c^e UP t^eir titles by special services and precepts from the dtrrd as'chancery, or by charters from the crown, since the forfeiture, crow vassals. and their successors in the lands mentioned in such services, precepts, or charters, shall be considered.as crown va&te to all intents and purposes, and shall not now be obliged to hold of the subject fupeijorsj without prejudice, however, to their being obliged to pay their feu duties to those superiors j but that all others who formerly held their lands under the owners of any of the said forfeited estater, shall still continue as fub vatials under those persons in whose favour the said eftdres are now to be granted 5 and the said act of his present Majesty is hereby repealed, so far as it giyes them an option to Jiold of the crown.

XVII /pnd whereas, in virtue of powers given by an act passed fj Gfo. 3. c. 33. in the fxtb year cj the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to exchange the lands of Fernan and LIX in the county of Perth, for other lands belopging to the right honourable John earl of Breadslbane, cailed pitkeuony, in the said county of ret thy the lands of Fernan, part of the annexed estate of Strowan, and the lands of LIX part of the annexed cjlate tj/" Perth, were difpmed to the Jcid John carl^Breadalbanc, in exchange for certain parts of the estate <?/'pitkellony, in the parish <?/ Muthil and county of Perth, which lands j/'pitkeilony He contiguous to, and aim of fur rounded by the cjtate of Perth; be it enacted jlist.isjesty by the authority aforesaid, That the said excagibion shall re mav grant the main effectual and binding upon all parties; and the fi*id lands lands of Pit of Pukdlony, as particularly described in the as aforesaid, with wuh tjthes and pertinents, being now considered as a part of the

of Perth CC atp f Perth, it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his J heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone the same to the person who obtain the grant of the said estate of Perth, such person, and his foresaids, always paying; o the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Robertson^ and Ms fpresaids, at the term

of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 0/57, 749

f lvh\tfunday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the urn of three thousand nin6 hundred and seventy nine pounds, hirteen Shillings, and nine pence sterling, being the sum at which the lands of Fcrnan, part of the eftare of Strowan, were alued at the date of the excambion, with intereu thereof, at he rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, until ayment, with a fifth part more of liquidated penalty in case of allure.

XVIII. And be it enacted, that where any of the said estates Clauserelative low intended to be restored are held of subject superiors, the to those eiiateo several peffons, their heirs or assigns, in whose favour the grants of'hibf^fu' ire to be made, shall be entitled to receive their first charters, periors# n virtue of the dispositions by his Majesty, from the said fub efl superiors of whom the lands are respectively held, for pay nent of no higher dues or casualties than are usually given ipon entries of heirs, or than those persons would be obliged 0 pay if they were entering as heirs to their several prede: essors.

XIX. And whereas by the said act of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, and by the commissmers and inf ru ft ions 'afterwards granted y his Majesty to the said board of trufees, power was given to the % aid trufees to grant feus and leases of the said efatesy and of parts m.d. portions of them, under certain conditions and restrictions therein peeijied: and whereas a variety of such feus and leases have accord ngly been granted by ibe said board, some of which, particularly of he leases, may not have been formally completed, but may yet sand upon minutes and resolutions of the boards though possession may have 'allowed, or the parties rriay have bona fide relied upon such minutes m.d. resolutions as binding; be it enacted, That nothing in this ijfl contained shall be understood as affecting the validity of any uch feus or leases which have been thus entered into, and are wnafde.binding on the parties, though not regularly completed

formal deeds, without prejudice always to any challenge which the said grantees, or any of them, may have to any of: he said feus or leases as unduly made, contrary to the powers, egulations, or conditions, specified in the said a of the twenty lifth of his late Majesty, or the commissions or instructions fol owing thereupon, or where the conditions may not have been duly implemented.

XX. And provided always, and be it hereby declared, That where any of the said feu rights contain clauses of redemption, mpoweting the board of trustees in any event to redeem them, he same power of redemption shall be competent to the several grantees.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said grantees shall have r: ght to the rents and profits of the said respective lands and lieretages for crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, ?nd all succeeding years and crops; but the arrears of relit and arher profits due, or which may become due, for the said lands and herejaggs for crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty

four

This act not

to affect the validity of feus or leases granted by the board of trustees, in pursuance of the a

*5 geos, C

Powers of redemption competent to grantees.

Grantees to havt* rents and profits of said lands for crop 1785. and all succeeding years.

75# Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5^. J

four and all proceedings, shall be directed to be called inland I levied by the said lord chief baron and other barons of the court of exchequer and shall make a part of the general fund m tfcdg, bands, and who shall likewise grant discharges and acquittances I for the same, and shall be entitled to sue for payment'of ku moneys directed by this act to be paid in to them, accortbngfo the usual forms of law.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

& That the aforesaid board of trustees shall be discoatsnuext'fom thtftees to be and after the term of Martinmas one thougmd seven hundred wfeontinued and eighty-four, and the whole commissions to officers and tftaart* lc others employed under the board are hereby declared to be wold island of no effect from that period.

XXIII But in respect that some of theft officers have bun bag ih that fetvite, and have devoted a great part of their time and tndujify for years pass in attending diligently and faithfully to the duties their several flattens under the fold board; be it therefore

Arirttilties enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the said moneys shay be grant which are to be paid into the court of exchequer in Scotland ed to some of as aforesaid, an*annual sum, not exceeding five hundred and their officers) eighty pounds pet annum in Whole, shall be allowed to the officers and servants now employed at Edinburgh under the said board during their respective lives, subject to the distribution of the lord chief baron and other barons of the said court of ex cheque

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the share to be given to each shall ccafe and expire upon the death of the person receiving it, and shall not be continued to the for vivors or survivor; and the said lord chief baron, and other barons of the exchequer, are hereby authorised and impoweted to take the assistance of fuel) person or persons as they judge necessary iri executing the bufiriefs committed to them, and to

tnake such person or persons a reasonable Compensation forhis or their trouble out of the said fund.

sft^gemerits

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all idirie under engagements which have already been come under fey the bvthfcboard, board, and have been confirmed by royal warrant before the b^o^wtr* pan l^s a shall^fulfilled and carried into execu ber ion*baron, and other barons of the said

fulfilled. court of exchequer, shall issue warrants for payment of the same, and of the expenses of passing this a, and of the afiore said sums.to the officers, out of the first and readied of the said sums coming into their hands, and lodged in the said royal bank or bank of Scotland, or iri any of the public funds as aforesaid.

Preamble

XXVI. And vdbefeds d proper and safe repository for containing ^stor^for^ Ynor^ Scotland is much tyantej, qnd would be of great pul the°records of && utility and for that purpose a large building of fione mas begin Gotland is to be erefled several years ago In the new extended royalty of edta ffiueh warned, burgh; bat the money allotted for it being exhaufied* the same has Hot been completed and it UW require a confidctablt sum tojfnish ai

fthicti fail Seaie upon ftteif deaths.

1794.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. '751

fit'mp ibe said bkitding, ond to providt a fund ftr keeping it in gtod condition and repair: and whereas, by an act passed in the eighth ^yedr of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making Act 8 Geo. j. and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carren, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of c/y<fr, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton; and U a*collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow and for making a navigable ctjt or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowftowness, to join the said canal at or mar the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth j the late Jphnditke Bedford, and other persons therein named, and their Juccejjbrs and assigns, were united into a company and body corporate, to make q certain navigable cut or canal between the firths or rivers of Forth and Clyde, and a collateral cut to the city of Glasgow; to purchase land, raise money, andltvy tolls and duties for that purpffc: and whereas the eastern branch of the said canal, from the river Forth to a plate called The flocking Field, and the collateral cut from thence to the city of Glasgow, or neighbourhood thereof, were completed federal years ago, but the funds contributed oy the subscribers, or raised upon the credit of their tolls, have been entirely exhausted, and a considerable sum of debt remains due by them, 'and the western branch of the said canal from its present termination to the river Clyde, at or near Dalmuir Burnfoot, cannot be executed without a considerable aid from the public: and whereas the said navigation, if completed, must at all times, but particularly in time of war, be of the great eft importance to the trade of Great Britain and Ireland, by opening an easy communication between the east and west seas: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord Btronsof the chief baron, and other barons of the said court of exchequer, exchequer to shall, out of the films coming into their hands, and lodged as pay certain aforesaid, so soon as conveniently may be after paying or re co^ettnz*taining what is necessary for answering the feverabpurposes al the said repo ready mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the trustees to fitory, and be named by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for super towards corn intending or overseeing the said register office, the sum of fif ncjc teen thousand pounds sterling; and to the company of proprie Clyde navigators of the said Forth and Clyde navigation, or their cashier, the tien. sum of fifty thousand pounds sterling, towards completing the said works.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said films of From "ha fifteen thousand pounds sterling, and fifty thousand pounds sterling, shall be paid as aforesaid, with interest upon them, interest, shall from the term of Martinmas, in this present year one thousand be paid, feveo hundred and eighty-four, and without any deduction whatsoever

Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That the said company of proprietors, of that Forth and Clyde naviga to"wl' tien shall make no dividends from the revenues of the said makeno diyi canal, till the whole debts which they at present owe, or here dends until au after may (pntraft in carrying on and finishing the fi*id under there <*«bts

Interest due to the proprietors to be accumulated and added to the principal, C

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. a 57.

[17*4.

taking, shall be paid and discharged; and (hereafter the free annual revenue or proceeds arising out of the tohs and other profits of the canal shall be regularly applied in manner after mentioned.!

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest already due to the several proprietors of the hid navigation upon the sums subscribed and paid in by them, from the respective periods when these form were paid, shall be accumulated and added to the principal as at the term of Martinmas in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the whole money so accumulated (had from thenceforwards be considered as the stock'of the company*and and so soon as thp debts due by the company shall be fully paid as before direaed, the said company shall be obliged to apply the said free annual produce of the canal in making regular dividends to the said accumulated dock of the company and to the said fifty thousand pounds, in an equal proportion, a faffi cient fund being always retained for answering contingent expences and repairs; which dividends for the said fifty thousand pounds shall be paid into the said court of exchequer in Sat land.

The company to deliver into the exchequer, annually, 311 ab firaft of their books, (hiw« jug ihs Itate of th ir fundi ami debts,

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company of proprietors shall deliver into the said court of exchequer once every year, an abstraa from the company's books, shewing the precise state of the company's funds and debts, as well as the gross revenue of the canal, and dedu&kffis therefrom, for the preceding year; which abstraa shall befign CD by the proper officer, and by a quorum of the committee of managers for the company residem at Edinburgh ot gtofg9w\ and the lord chief baron, and other barons of the fwd court of exchequer, shall likewise, if they find it proper, cause the books themselves, or attested copies thereof, to be produced to them

Proprietors of the navigation, when they begin the western branch of the canal, may borrow money on credit of the said 50, 0000l.

by the officer who has the custody of them, who shall make oath to the justice of the same, if required; and it shall be in the power of the said court to ifllie every kind of process nd compulfitory competent against accomptants in exchequer and debtors to the King, for compelling the managers of the said company to deliver the said annual abstraas, and pfoduaion of the books when the court shall think it necessary, and likewise to prevent the payment of dividends till the debts are cxiin guifsted, and thereafter to obtain a proportion able payment of dividends for the said.sum of fifty thousand pound as aforesaid, when the lord chief baron and other barons or arty three of them, shall be entitled to receive and discharge the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, ( That it shall and may be lawful for the said company of proprietors of Forth and Clyde navigation, so soon as they begin to execute the said western branch of the canal, to borrow and raise money on the credit of the said fuftt of fifty thousand pounds, and to assign their right to or interest in the same, in the whole or in part, as they may think proper, o such person or persons who shall advance money on the security

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. 753

of the same; which alignments, when intimated ta the Kings remembancer in the said coqtt of exchequer, or Ivis deputy, and recorded in his office, shall beheld as complete a transferees of the right or interest so conveyed;

and in case of repayment or extinction of the debt so contracted, thedifd^rgpg.and acquittances for the Came shall be recorded in the fetnc manner.

XXXII ad whereas the sum to be paid into the said court of exchequer by th severed persons before tkenticaed, in eonfideralien of the annexed ejlqtej being restored my happen not ta be exhausted by the fiver, al applications already specified; hie it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the balance of money so to be paid iq shall Surplus of the rppi^in tinder the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to je

to fa lodged in one or other of the said public banks or pub exchequer, C lick, fundjs, subject to the future disposition of parliament. i, 0w to be ap

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That plied,

when any dividends shall arise.frojn the said fifty thousand Dividends pounds before mentioned, the same shall be applied towards from the joking and repairing the rods and bridges itvtbe Highlands of jpp]je°d't^ be Scotland, to which public aid has hitherto been found necessary w^s repair to be granted in the annual votes of parliament. ing the roads,

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the the said a of the twenty-fifth year of the feign of his late Ma Highlands, jesty, yihereby the several estates already mentioned were an^nexled to the crown, (bail be, and the same is hereby repealed; '41 p

apd all and every the said lands, lprdship$, baronies, tithes, al mpo and other fishings, and other like heretages and estates Whatsoever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty*the attainder of the several persons herein before named,

shall from henceforth be difannexed from the imperial crown of these realms, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the said act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty bad never been made; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies General say politic and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, ing. executors, and administrators (other than and except the king's

most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors)) such estates, rights, titles, interests, claims, and demands, of, into, and out of the lands and premises to be granted as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the passing this act, or Should or might have held or enjoyed, in case this act had peyer been made.

[Public act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 58 —

CAP. LVIII.

An act to indemnify such per font as have omitted to fuali/y

for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the or others who have omitted to register or deliver in tiens wit bin the time limited by la, for giving further tme for tbofepurpcft\; and to indemnify members and in

cities, corporations', and borough admissioas^. hast

been omitted to be stamped actor ding to law, Saving bien

stumped, have been lost or mifiaidi

provide admffions duly stamped 5 and to give lime On

persons as have omitted to make and file of the execution

of indentures of clerks to, attorneys and solicitors j' or to pay the duties on the indentures end controls of clerks, apprentices or servants — — enlarged to Dec. 25, 1784.

CAP. LIX.

An act for extending, amending, and altering the powers of an act,

made in the eighth year of the reig of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making; and maintaining a navigable cat canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carton, in tb? county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dabnuir in

the county of Dumbartonj and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut r canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowfiouttness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into ths firth of.

CAP. LX.

An act for raising money to discharge debts contracted* on of the poor within the parish of Christchurch, the county of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present workhouse of the said parish; and for further regulating the manner of rating to the poor, appointing overseers, and preserving all auouuts relating to the offices of churchwarden and ovtrfter of the poor and treasurer, of the same parish.

CAP. LXI.

An act for amending several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright lanejd/i^ from Endow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in tie efianty tj Oxford.

CAP. LXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 63 - 67. 755

for repairing and widening the road from jtlford to Boston^ and from thence to Cowbridge, uvthe county of Lincoln,

CAP. LXIII.

An act to amend and render more, effectual so much of two acts* made'in the femd and twelfth years of the reign of hisjrefent Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon and for repairing and widening the road from the guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew street and Lower brtok street to Cherrybrook* and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington turnpike road to Mtnvtlltom and 'New Quay in the said county, as relates to the toads leading frotn the lower market hoyfe* in Tavistock aforesaid to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid and from m&nadoft Cate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dpck.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an cfl passed in the third year of his present majejly King George the Third, for amending and widening several roads leading from or near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes in the county of Dev*

CAP. LXV.

An act for completing widening and keeping in repair the road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes market place to sheppard's Shord; and from the east end of Devizes to the top of Red Hone, in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the said road.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending widening and keeping in repair the roads leading from the meeting house in the parish tf/llanegwad; to the lime kilns in the parish of Llanddarog; and from dan yr all ift the said parish of Llanegwad, to ront y berem in the parifi of Llaogendeirne, in the county of Carmarthen.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the shambles in the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, through Franks fort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the west end of the said bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play house in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said county; for lighting, watching and watering the said road; and for regulating the Bonis* and fares of carriages using the same.

---

756 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68 - 70. [1784.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, n Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said county.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

CAP. LXX.

An act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county Palatine of Lancaster and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the county of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

END OF VOL. XXXIV.

ADVERTISEMENT.

Although it is mentioned in the Title-Page of the first Part of the Index to these Statutes, that it is continued only to the End of the Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain anno 1761, (which includes the first Year of King George III.) — And the Continuation of the Index specifies, that the same commences and is brought down from the fourth Year of King George III. to the 21st of his Reign inclusive — Yet the Reader may be assured, that there is no Chasm or Deficiency, but that all the intervening Acts of the second and third Years of this Reign are included in the said first Part of the Index, the same having been carefully collated by the Editor.

